Chapter 332 - Are You That Experienced? (2)

Chapter 332: Are You That Experienced? (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

He had to strengthen his survivability.

If he fell into the sea or water one day, his chances of survival would definitely be higher if he could swim.

If he could activate one or two genetic base points related to swimming and swim in the water like a fish, his survivability would definitely increase greatly.

As he thought about this, Xu Tui added a cultivation plan to himself.

Xu Tui returned from the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College on the morning of November 5th. He once again headed to the physical training room to undergo extreme physical training.

The shortest enhancement duration of the two auxiliary enhancement potions was a week.

Therefore, the positioning effect of the illusory introspection this time was still not obvious.

However, Xu Tui eliminated a large number of genetic base points after two rounds of training. The number of genetic base points to be selected had been reduced to less than 100.

Xu Tui went to the swimming training hall in the afternoon.

Compared to ordinary swimming pools, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s swimming training hall was a little abnormal.

There was a super deep water training area that was 50 meters deep.

Of course, this ultra-deepwater training area was not a place that anyone could enter just because they wanted to.

Many students with abilities related to the Extreme Branch and water-type were training here.

Xu Tui, a first-year student, could be considered a celebrity in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There were still people discussing the glory of the opening battle of the Year One Longhu List.

Xu Tui ran into many familiar faces.

“Eh, Xu Tui, why are you here?” The first person he saw was Miao Huanshan, a sophomore.

“You’re an earth-element superhuman. Why do you think I’m here?” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“You’re also here to train your underwater survival skills? We’re going to have frequent clearing missions, so we have to train our related survival skills.

“If we use it well, not only can we survive underwater for a long time, but we can also avoid danger,” Miao Huanshan said with a smile. “However, you’ve just started training. You should train in shallow waters below five meters. If you know how to swim.

“It is better not to go to a deep-water area that was more than ten meters deep without training to a certain extent.

“As for the 30 to 50-meter deep water area, ordinary people would not be able to touch it. The water pressure is a little fatal.” Miao Huanshan introduced the area to Xu Tui.

“Thank you.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui thanked him and went to the shallow waters.

Although Xu Tui was born in Jincheng Prefecture, he was not a complete landlubber. He had learned how to swim in school.

Xu Tui changed into his swimsuit and brought an oxygen pack with him after he received the underwater cry for help. He swam around the five-meter shallow area and adjusted his posture before slowly sinking to the bottom of the water.

It was five meters deep.

In the Great Genetic Era, other than underwater training, the fastest way to increase one’s swimming ability was to activate the relevant genetic base points.

According to research, humans had a lot of water-element genetic base points in their bodies. However, ever since humans began to live on land, these genetic base points had already become silent and even entered a state of concealment.

Under the Genetic Evolution Era, genetic newcomers who had been injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir could activate the relevant genetic base points through various effective methods and obtain super strong underwater survival or mobility.

There was very systematic research on this. The method was still underwater extreme survival training.

When the human body reached its limit underwater, it would stimulate the relevant genetic base points. Under continuous stimulation, the relevant genetic base points could be activated.

Xu Tui had obtained an underwater cry-for-help and an oxygen pack. They were tools for him to undergo extreme survival training underwater.

The most effective way to survive underwater was to dive!

The moment he sank to the bottom of the water and slowly squatted down, Xu Tui entered a meditative state. Then, he switched to an illusory introspective state.

The oxygen in his body was depleting rapidly.

However, Xu Tui could see the genetic base points in his illusory introspection state. There were no changes.

A minute passed quickly.

The moment Xu Tui felt that his oxygen supply had reached its limit, his illusory introspection state suddenly lit up with genetic base points.

At the same time, Xu Tui, who could not take it anymore, could not help but gulp down a mouthful of water. He quickly put the oxygen tube into his mouth.

At the same time, he fell out of the illusory introspective state.

He breathed in oxygen to stabilize his breathing. After thinking for a while, Xu Tui slowly floated up and left the five-meter training area.

Xu Tui’s method of cultivation was different from that of ordinary students. Therefore, this method of gradual progress was not suitable for Xu Tui.

He stood up and went to a depth of 10 to 30 meters to train.

Miao Huanshan, who was still resting by the pool, was a little surprised. “You came to the deep waters so quickly? I only came here after staying in the shallow waters for a week. You’ve only been here a few minutes.”

“I feel that I am extremely talented in swimming.” Xu Tui smiled and jumped into the water.

“As if I would believe you. You’re a dried camel from Jincheng Prefecture. You even have a talent for swimming. Do you think this is a desert?”

Miao Huanshan teased Xu Tui. Xu Tui was about to dive down when Miao Huanshan quickly said, “Be careful. If an accident really happens, don’t panic. Press the underwater cry-for-help immediately. Also, your mind power can quickly send you up from the bottom of the water.”

“Haha, thanks. Watch me perform for you!”

Xu Tui slowly sank.

He felt the power of the water pressure when he was seven meters below the surface. It was as if something was squeezing him from all directions.

The water pressure at 10 meters made Xu Tui feel a little uncomfortable.

He continued to sink.

Fifteen meters.

Twenty meters.