Chapter 334 - Is This The Talent Of A Year One Dragon? (1)

Chapter 334: Is This The Talent Of A Year One Dragon? (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui jumped into the deep-water zone. When he sank to a depth of five meters, he gently grabbed onto the handrail at the edge of the pool. He was prepared to enter meditation and switch to the illusory introspective state. Then, he would sense his surroundings.

However, Xu Tui felt something strange the moment he entered meditation.

The sound of splashing water could be heard. Qi Sheng, who did not even have his goggles on, was staring coldly at Xu Tui not far away. Even without goggles, Qi Sheng’s vision underwater was not affected at all.

Underwater was the home ground of water-type supernatural beings.

Xu Tui was immediately annoyed, even angry.

This Qi Sheng was too shameless.

Firstly, Qi Sheng was a water-type supernatural being. The bottom of the water was his home ground. Secondly, there were no cameras at the bottom of the water. Furthermore, it was very easy for accidents to happen in the ultra-deep water area.

The question was, who would be responsible if Xu Tui met with an accident in an extremely deep-water region?

Xu Tui did not think that Qi Sheng would have the guts to lay his hands on him in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. However, he had to be wary of others. He could not pin his safety on the kindness of others.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power surged, causing the water around him to ripple slightly. The moment he activated his mental perception, he had already prepared his mental whip.

If Qi Sheng dared to do anything unusual, Xu Tui would beat him up.

Compared to his mind power during the opening battle of the Longhu List in September, Xu Tui’s total mind power had more than doubled.

If he were to put his mind power into points, his mind power was at 100 points during the opening battle of the Longhu List.

And now, his mind power was around 260 points.

This deduction was reasonable.

Xu Tui cultivated the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He activated one genetic base point every day. His total mind power could increase by about 5%. He had activated 20 genetic base points after the opening battle of the Longhu List.

The increase in his mind power was astonishing.

At that time, Xu Tui’s mental whip was basically ineffective against Qi Sheng, who had equally powerful mind power. The effect was minimal.

However, Xu Tui believed that he could definitely hurt Qi Sheng now. Even if Qi Sheng was not stunned, his mental sea would be shaken by the whip.

Qi Sheng immediately noticed that Xu Tui had activated his mind power. He only smiled coldly and stared at Xu Tui. This made Xu Tui very speechless.

Wasn’t this a waste of his time? Did Qi Sheng come here to disgust him?

Xu Tui would not be able to cultivate with Qi Sheng watching him.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly wanted to sense the original quantum frequency of water. If he could sense the original quantum frequency of water, he would be able to fight Qi Sheng even if he was at the bottom of the water. It was not a problem to let Qi Sheng see some red again.

However, he could only remain in a stalemate.

He was wasting time, not to mention, disgusting.

With such interference, Xu Tui could not cultivate even if he wanted to. He thought about it and was about to leave when the water suddenly started to flash.

Miao Huanshan, who was carrying an oxygen bag, came down. He first nodded at Xu Tui before his expression turned cold when he turned to Qi Sheng.

“I’ll keep an eye on him for you. Qi Sheng has been cultivating in the Deep Water Zone all year round. If you want to experience it, you should experience it as soon as possible before leaving.” Miao Huanshan sent Xu Tui a message.

Personal communication devices nowadays are extremely waterproof.

“Thank you.”

After reading Miao Huanshan’s message, Xu Tui, who had wanted to leave, decided to continue trying. He would not be able to avoid Qi Sheng every time he saw him if he stayed in the ultra-deep waters all year round.

In any case, Miao Huanshan was keeping an eye on them this time.

As he nodded, Xu Tui slowly turned around and entered meditation again. He switched to the illusory introspective state. He loosened his grip and began to sink into the water freely.

Miao Huanshan floated there and stared at Qi Sheng with a warning look in his eyes. Even if Qi Sheng had any thoughts at this moment, he would have to give up once Miao Huanshan came down.

Glancing at Miao Huanshan, Qi Sheng also slowly sank. At this moment, he simply wanted to see what Xu Tui wanted to cultivate.

Miao Huanshan also followed.

In the illusory introspective state, as the water pressure changed as Xu Tui slowly sank deeper, the flickering degree of the genetic base points in the illusory introspective state also slowly changed.

Very quickly, Xu Tui descended below 30 meters.@@novelbin@@

When he reached 35 meters, blood started to flow out of Xu Tui’s mouth and nose. His nose started to bleed again.

The water pressure was too high. His skin felt like it was being torn apart. Due to the pressure on his body, the energy field energy had already surged out of his dantian to resist the super-strong water pressure.

Similarly, his gains were huge.

Under the illusory introspective state, the flickering of more than 20 genetic base points became obvious.

Forty meters!

Dense blood spots began to appear on Xu Tui’s body.

The expressions of Qi Sheng and Miao Huanshan, who had just descended to 30 meters, changed at the same time.

At this depth, they did not dare to follow as the deep water pressure was really terrifying. At this moment, it was extremely difficult to inhale oxygen even with an oxygen tube.

His chest felt like it was about to collapse.

Xu Tui gritted his teeth and continued to sink.

Just a little more.

The relevant genetic base points became clearer.

Forty-two meters!

Under his illusory introspection, a total of 14 flickering genetic base points in Xu Tui’s head, limbs, and torso suddenly formed a line.

It formed a Genetic Ability Chain Curve.