Chapter 330 - Tragic Character Who Was Forced To Commit Suicide (2)

Chapter 330: Tragic Character Who Was Forced To Commit Suicide (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

These people were probably the strongest forces of their Genetic Miracle.

“That’s right, Miss An. Have you found out who the mastermind behind Yaksha is?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

An Xiaoxue shook her head.

She also asked Ah Huang to show Xu Tui two pieces of today’s news and a report sent to He Yunfeng by the Information and Communication Minister of the India Genetic Committee.

The head of the New Tower Communications Company, Talmar, and the company’s technical director sold the time-limited control codes of the three commercial satellites to illegal organizations for personal gain, causing the three commercial satellites of the New Tower Communications Company to temporarily lose control and explode.

The Minister of the Information and Communication Department of the India Genetic Committee, Givari, immediately investigated the matter. However, the investigators were a step too late. Knowing that the matter had been exposed, Talmar and his technical supervisor had already taken poison and committed suicide.

“This…”

Xu Tui frowned slightly after reading the news and reports. How should he put it? Both the news and the report felt so fake.

After reading it, he could roughly sense that the president of the New Tower Company, who had committed suicide by taking poison, was most likely forced to commit suicide with his technical supervisor.

“Why? Did you notice anything unusual?” An Xiaoxue asked.

Xu Tui nodded. “I feel that Talmar and his technical supervisor might have been forced to commit suicide.”

“That’s true. My teacher also said so. However, he’s currently in the extra-terrestrial and won’t be able to return anytime soon. That was the best he could do.

“If he continued to pursue the matter, he would have to rely on his actions. He could not rely on this little deterrence. Moreover, he could not go overboard. Although he was powerful, the Blue Star was still the Blue Star!

“No matter what, he is still someone from the Huaxia Sector!” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui took a deep breath and nodded heavily. It was not easy for An Xiaoxue or He Yunfeng to have achieved this.

Destroying the satellites of other organizations was no different from declaring war. It was He Yunfeng’s personal actions. Otherwise, something big would have happened.

“In addition, my teacher said that the person behind that Yaksha was able to make the India Sector report the suicide of one of their communication companies in half a day. Clearly, he has a lot of power.

“Under such circumstances, the person behind Yaksha might not only be targeting you but also the Research Institute Number 14. It was very likely that he was targeting our Genetic Miracle.

“However, your current strength is slightly weaker, so it’s easier to attack you. That’s why you were chosen as the target.

“You have to be more careful while increasing your strength as soon as possible,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, I understand. I will continue to pursue this matter if I have the chance.”@@novelbin@@

“Yes, as long as there’s a chance, both I and Mr. He will continue to pursue the matter! After all, the Minister of the Information and Communication Department of the India Genetic Committee, Givari, is the most eye-catching clue.”

Xu Tui nodded heavily when he heard that. His thoughts were the same.

That Minister Givari was indeed the most eye-catching clue.

However, the Minister of Information and Communications of the IIndia Genetic Committee, Givari, had a high status and power. He could not be easily dealt with.

He needed strength and time and opportunities.

“By the way, how has your cultivation been recently?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked.

“It should be pretty good. The seventh genetic base point of the third level has been activated. The eighth one is currently being activated,” Xu Tui replied.

“Alright, make the best use of your time. Your spot to go to the extra-terrestrial is already set in stone, and it’s a first-class spot. The time was about mid to late December.

“You’d better complete the third level a week before you leave for the extra-terrestrial.

“In that case, the first half of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique will be considered complete.

“I can also strengthen you before you set off,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded. He could not help but feel curious. “Miss An, what are we going to do in the extra-terrestrial?”

“You’ll know when you get there. I can’t tell you yet. There are confidentiality rules. In addition to the clear confidentiality rules, there are also very mysterious confidentiality rules.

“When the time comes, you have to sign it too,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui had no choice but to give up.

Qu Qingshan had also mentioned this kind of “mysterious” confidentiality regulation. Clearly, to them, this kind of “mysterious” confidentiality regulation was more binding.

…

November 4th.

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng had agreed that they would set off for the New Lion Genetic Evolution College in the afternoon.

In the morning, Xu Tui first went to the extreme physical training room.

He wanted to improve his stamina.

The difference in physical strength between this mission and Cheng Mo’s was obvious.

The most important thing that Xu Tui had unintentionally discovered was that after a large amount of physical energy was consumed, especially after the physical energy was consumed to a certain extent, it would affect and lower his mind power to a certain extent.

In the various theories of genetic ancient martial arts, the most important thing was to create a world inside and outside the body.

Physical fitness, energy field, and mind power. According to the theory of genetic ancient martial arts, they were not independent but a combination.

According to the traditional theory of ancient martial arts, when one’s physical strength was trained to the extreme, one’s inner Qi would naturally grow.

In other words, energy field power naturally appeared.

Xu Tui decided that it would be better to spend some time improving his physical fitness.

It was for no other reason than to increase his physical support under extreme circumstances to prevent the rapid decline of his physical strength from affecting his mind power.

Whether it was the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College or the Genetic Research Institute of the other sectors, they had always been at the forefront of the research on the various abilities of the Extreme Branch.

Physical research was the most popular category in the research of the Extreme Branch.

There were also many sub-classes inside.

For example, the continuous eruption of physical strength in a single body.

Xu Tui mainly focused on the general direction of his energy reserves. It mainly referred to the general direction of his endurance, fatigue, and physical reserves.

The Extreme Branch’s research in this area was very in-depth and detailed.

However, the method of improvement was still very boring.

There was only one method: Extreme Training+Energy Restoration Elixir+Muscle-Stimulating High-Enzyme Protein Elixir+Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir.

This was a complete set of physical training methods.

Many students in the Extreme Branch, including Cheng Mo, used this cultivation method.

However, it also depended on the frequency.

Most of the students only had two bottles of Muscle-Stimulating High-Enzyme Protein Elixir and one bottle of Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir a month.

Of course, the biggest limitation was the Energy Restoration Elixir!

If the students from the Extreme Branch went all out, they would have to drink one to two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir every hour or two.

Xu Tui could only use this method to improve his physical fitness.

He had originally planned to buy these two potions.

He only realized that with his low-grade Level A rating in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, although he was in the Mystery Branch, he could still receive and receive two bottles of Muscle High-Enzyme Elixir and a bottle of Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir every month if needed.

Under normal circumstances, students in the Extreme Branch would consume a bottle of Muscle-Stimulating High-Enzyme Protein Elixir a week. A bottle cost 10,000 yuan. A bottle of Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir cost 30,000 yuan.

It saved Xu Tui a lot of money.

However, even if he obtained the elixirs he needed to increase his overall energy, he still had to do it in order.

The first step to improving his general abilities was extreme physical training.

Only by pushing his physical training to its limits and injecting these elixirs in batches could he maximize the effects of the elixirs.

As for how he could reach his limit.

It was very simple with the testing equipment.

When the four test indicators represented by lactic acid reached the upper limit of a person’s weight alert, it would mean the limit of physical training.

To Xu Tui, entering the physical training ground could only be described with these few words—training with his life!

He had only replenished a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir when he was about to collapse. After replenishing his physical strength, Xu Tui had reached the upper limit of his physical training after being tested.

Then, under the guidance of the training instructor, Xu Tui injected the Muscle-Stimulating High-Enzyme Protein Elixir and the Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir.

According to the requirements, Xu Tui would have to undergo another round of extreme physical training to stimulate his body to absorb the medicine half an hour after he was injected with the medicine.

However, Xu Tui found a quiet place before he started his physical training again. He meditated and entered the illusory introspective state. He began to search for genetic base points that were generally related to physical fitness.

He still had to use the shortcut!