Chapter 338 - Cheering For Wisdom

Chapter 338: Cheering for Wisdom

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“We can be sure that the Niyah Genetic Committee has made many efforts over the years. Whether it was seizing extraterrestrial interests, raising the standard of living of ordinary people in the Niyah Sector, or nurturing new genetic new humans. On these three aspects, the Niyah Genetic Committee has been working hard.

“Unfortunately, it was rarely effective. How should I put it? They are going in the wrong direction. No matter how hard you ran, you would only stray further and further away from your goal. The Niyah Genetic Committee had not understood the significance of genetic newcomers.

“Times had changed.

“Using methods and thoughts from 100 years ago to adapt to the Great Genetic Era 100 years later was completely outdated. If this continued, our Niyah Sector might be annexed silently.

“Lord Buke, what do you think?”

The guests were in an uproar.

Buke, the director of the Niyah Genetic Committee, had a gloomy expression. He did not expect that the hero, Shamera, whom he had tried his best to welcome and even tried to please, would fire at him the moment he returned.

“I think you should calm down, Shamera. You might not have recovered from your serious injuries from the previous battle. I mean the mind.”

Buke left a way out and turned to leave. He had to leave this place first, then arrange for forces to deal with Shamera. It was not appropriate to openly deal with Shamera, who had returned as a hero.

However, when Buke walked to the entrance of the banquet hall, the guards who were supposed to be guarding him blocked his way.

“Tiwei, you!”

This scene made Buke look flustered.

“Lord Buke, I think you should hear Lord Shamera finish his speech. It’s only polite.”

“Are you going to betray your duty, Tiwei?” Buke shouted angrily as he silently pressed an emergency button on his wrist communicator.

As soon as he pressed the emergency button, Buke’s other special guards would rush over immediately. However, before Buke could press down, his finger was suddenly surrounded by a ball of water light and he could not move at all.

Shamera, who was on the podium dozens of meters away, suddenly sighed.

“Lord Buke, it seems you still do not understand. You don’t understand how powerful genetic newcomers like me are now.

“God!

“We are running wildly on the path to becoming gods! Moreover, the height of my life is to look down on you when I look at you! The information I received from the entire universe was beyond your imagination!

“Only by standing at our level can we better transform this world and give our people a better life. And we will eventually be the masters of this world!”

After saying that, Shamera suddenly shouted, “Tiwei, move aside. If Lord Buke can leave this place today, consider it my loss. I’ll leave on my own accord.”

At the same time, Buke’s fingers, which were wrapped in water, suddenly moved again. Immediately, Buke pressed the emergency button.

The captain of the guards, Tiwei, also took the initiative to move to the side.

Buke tried to take a step, but he realized that there seemed to be an invisible barrier in front of him. He could not take a step out. He could only wait for his special guards to arrive.

Buke was not the only one waiting. All the guests, all the important people in the political and business world, were also waiting.

They were all waiting for the final outcome. No matter the outcome, what happened today would be a landmark event for the Niyah Sector, the India Sector, and the entire Blue Star.

Buke’s special guards arrived very quickly. They reached the door in less than three minutes.

Seeing the strange situation at the door, the special guards looked at Buke, who was standing at the door, and asked tentatively, “Lord Buke, what happened?”

“Get me out of here.” Buke said with an extremely ugly expression.

“Alright.”

The leader of the special guards carefully stepped into the hall. The moment he stepped into the hall, the expression of the leader of the special guards changed drastically. An extremely powerful aura erupted.

However, at the same time, a blue light screen suddenly appeared and enveloped the leader of the special guards.

The leader of the special guards roared with all his might, but in just an instant, he suddenly exploded into a large cloud of blood!

Everything was gone!

His hair, bones, flesh, and blood all exploded into a large cloud of blood mist under the protection of the blue light screen.

Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui revealed shocked expressions at the same time. The aura that the leader of the special guards released just now was definitely the aura of a Genetic Evolution Realm expert. But now, he had been casually destroyed by Shamera!

Buke’s expression changed again.

The other three Genetic Evolvers who came with the leader of the special guards instinctively retreated. Clearly, their leader’s death had shocked them.

“Since you’re here, don’t think about leaving!”

Shamera, who was standing on the podium, waved his hand. A huge aqua-blue screen suddenly swept out and instantly enveloped the three Genetic Evolvers from the special guards. Before the three of them could struggle, the three Genetic Evolvers exploded into three balls of blood mist one after another. Then, they melted into the mist, leaving nothing behind.

This time, Buke, the director of the Niyah Genetic Committee, understood. He looked at Shamera as if he was looking at a demon.

Everyone was saying that quasi-planetary-level cultivators were very, very strong. However, Buke never understood how strong he was.

In Buke’s mind, he was like a powerhouse in the army. A soldier king who could easily kill three to five ordinary soldiers during a confrontation. However, when seven or eight well-trained soldiers were to surround him, he would die!

Buke had always believed that a Planetary-level cultivator was similar to a Soldier King. No matter how strong he was, he was just one person. If he sent out seven or eight Genetic Evolution Realm experts, they would be able to surround him.

However, it was only now that Buke, who had never been to the extra-terrestrial, understood.

He was wrong.

He was ridiculously wrong!

The strength of a quasi-planetary creature had completely exceeded his imagination.

With a wave of his hand, the four Genetic Evolvers who were regarded as experts in the Niyah District exploded into a bloody mist.@@novelbin@@

There was nothing left of them.

“Do you understand?”

Shamera spoke again.

After a long moment, Buke nodded slowly.

Just now, Buke thought about who could stop Shamera in the room. After the death of the other quasi-planetary-level powerhouse in the Niyah Sector, Korotjin, Shamera seemed to be unstoppable.

At this moment, Buke also understood the meaning of a quasi-planetary powerhouse.

“Lord Buke, you’re actually very outstanding.”

Seeing Buke nod, Shamera changed the topic and suddenly praised Buke, “Compared to the other sectors on the Blue Star, the development of our Niyah Sector over the years is not bad. However, due to Lord Buke’s limited strength and knowledge, some of his decisions were a little wrong.

“Lord Buke, you told me yesterday that you wanted to promote me to the position of Deputy Director of the Niyah Genetic Committee.

“I, Shamera, will serve as the deputy director of the Niyah Genetic Committee as well as your office director. At the same time, I will take over as the defense minister of Niyah Sector. Do you think it’s appropriate?”

After Shamera asked this question, Buke was in a daze for a moment.

Buke understood that Shamera was trying to seize power. He’s trying to control him and then rightfully take over the military power.

Buke instinctively wanted to refuse. However, a stream of cold water suddenly stuck to Buke’s neck like a poisonous snake, making him extremely terrified. He understood that as long as Shamera willed it, he would be finished.

“Appropriate! Very appropriate!”

Buke knew that he had no choice today.

Hearing this, Shamera smiled and applauded.

“Everyone, please cheer for the wisdom of our Lord Buke.”

Amid Shamera’s laughter, the entire banquet hall erupted in applause.

Xu Tui did not know what to do. He did not know if he should applaud or not, but Luo Shifeng gently elbowed him.

Then, Xu Tui began to clap like Luo Shifeng.

After that, the welcoming banquet continued in an extremely warm but extremely strange atmosphere.

Shamera followed beside Buke, who had an extremely stiff expression, and communicated with the political, business, and famous people in Niyah.

Many political and business figures also expressed their opinions in this strange atmosphere.

The banquet lasted until eleven o’clock before it ended.

After it ended, Professor Agassi, who was in charge of receiving them at the Niyah Genetic Evolution College, walked over in a daze.

“This… Professor Luo, I’m also very surprised. I can’t describe my current feelings…”

Agassi’s lips trembled. “Actually, a small portion of us discussed this possibility in private. However, we didn’t expect it to happen so quickly…”

“I understand.”

“Sigh… From now on, our Niyah District will enter an eventful period. I’m sorry to have brought you trouble. Let me take you to your lodgings first. I’ll arrange for someone to send you off tomorrow morning.”

Luo Shifeng glanced at Xu Tui and suddenly said, “Forget about resting. We’re planning to leave overnight. Can you arrange for a convoy and guards?”

Agassi nodded. “That’s true. Something might happen tomorrow. I’ll make contact. That should work. The convoy and the guards were all from our school. It was easy to arrange. Moreover, Lord Shamera said that everything will go on as usual for the time being.”

With a bitter smile, Agassi walked to the side and made a call.

“Xu Tui, we need to leave overnight! The coup d’état of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse like Shamera might trigger a chain reaction. This place might become the source of chaos. Do you understand?”

Luo Shifeng explained to Xu Tui as quickly as he could.

Actually, Xu Tui had thought of this even without Luo Shifeng’s reminder.

About half an hour later, the repulsive force flying car that had come to pick Xu Tui and the others up at noon and the two escort vehicles rushed over.

After saying goodbye to Agassi, Xu Tui, Luo Shifeng, and Feng Qian boarded the flying car.

Then, the convoy started moving.

As the convoy left, Agassi suddenly used another piece of independent personal communication equipment to make a series of calls.

Most people on the Blue Star did not have encrypted communication channels.

“The target has left as planned. The convoy has entered the fixed route!” Agassi said softly.