Chapter 345 - There Are Only Ghosts Who Die In Battle (2)

Chapter 345: There Are Only Ghosts Who Die In Battle (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Accompanied by the roar of water and energy, the two of them separated almost instantly.

However, the moment they separated, the water-type supernatural being was split into two. The head separated from the body.

Blood spilled from the sky.

Luo Shifeng was also in a sorry state. The back of his waist was directly penetrated by the supernatural attack, and blood gushed out like a fountain.

Luo Shifeng jumped down from a height of more than 20 meters. When he was halfway down, he stepped on the water-type supernatural being’s corpse and staggered to Xu Tui’s side.

Blood gushed out from the hole in his back.

“Mr. Luo, I’ll treat you…”

“Go!”

Luo Shifeng looked at Wang Ji, who was rushing over from dozens of meters away. He grabbed Xu Tui and ran toward the beach with all his might.

Perhaps it was because he had been injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir, but even though Luo Shifeng was seriously injured, he was actually faster than Wang Ji when he exploded at this moment.

Luo Shifeng ran as fast as he could while carrying Xu Tui.

“Listen to me. Don’t interrupt. The water-type supernatural being is dead. You’re good at swimming. You can survive in the sea!

“I don’t have much time. After I send you into the sea, I can last another three minutes at most. You only have three minutes to escape. I know what you’re thinking, but don’t worry about me. I’m hopeless. Feng Qian’s knife cut through a third of my abdomen. One of my kidneys is gone, and it’s f*cking poisonous.

“I only survived because I was injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir that stimulated the potential of the human body. This time, I didn’t protect you well. No matter what, I’ll fight my way out for you. But you have to help me do two things.

“Give what I left behind to my mother! Also, remember to help me realize my only dream!”

With just a few words, Luo Shifeng had already carried Xu Tui and rushed to the cliff by the sea a few hundred meters away. He threw Xu Tui into the sea. When he suddenly turned around to face Wang Ji, who was chasing after him from dozens of meters away, Luo Shifeng was still roaring with his back facing the sea.

“Xu Tui, you must survive. The rest of my mother’s life depends on you!

“Grandson, I’ll teach you a lesson today. In the Huaxia Sector, there are only ghosts who die in battle. There are no seeds of surrender!”

Luo Shifeng, who had turned around, laughed loudly. He dragged the blood that splattered from his waist and charged towards Wang Ji.

At this moment, logically speaking, Wang Ji was unwilling to fight Luo Shifeng to the death. There was no cost-effective way to fight a dead person who had been injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir.

The Genetic Chain Fission Elixir was a forbidden medicine for genetic cultivators to stimulate their bodies and increase their strength for a short period of time.

After the injection, the genetic chain ability that had been cultivated would begin to disintegrate in the form of fission and provide the injected with a huge amount of energy to increase their strength.

However, the effect of this potion would only last for five minutes.

Within five minutes, the injector’s combat power could be multiplied. However, after five minutes, the injector’s genetic ability chain would completely collapse. Even if he did not die, he would become a cripple.

This was usually how genetic cultivators fought for life.

Generally speaking, if they encountered such a lunatic, they would avoid him and stay far away. As long as they could hold on for five minutes, they would be doomed!

However, at this moment, Wang Ji had no choice but to fight Luo Shifeng, who only had two to three minutes.

Their first target was Xu Tui.

These two to three minutes might decide if they could track Xu Tui. If they could capture Xu Tui alive and sacrifice a water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm, it would be acceptable.

However, Wang Ji would not be able to explain himself if Xu Tui managed to escape after sacrificing a water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Not to mention Li Jin, he could not even explain himself to Li Zifeng!

Wang Ji was a top-notch Genetic Evolver. He was only one step away from the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Therefore, Wang Ji could only brace himself and fight with Luo Shifeng, who was about to die, to buy precious time.

However, as soon as they exchanged blows, Luo Shifeng gave him a huge surprise.

Luo Shifeng directly used the method of exchanging injury for injury and sacrificed an arm to send Wang Ji flying again. He also ruthlessly slashed Wang Ji’s thigh.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Shifeng turned around like a whirlwind and took the opportunity to kill another genetic mutant who wanted to bypass him and chase after Xu Tui.

Then, he charged towards Wang Ji again.

“It’s a pity. If I hadn’t been injured by Feng Qian, I could have killed you with that attack just now!” Luo Shifeng, who had disregarded life and death, was exceptionally brave!

“You were just injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir!” Wang Ji sneered and charged forward. “You guys go after him. I’ll deal with him!”

“Pfft, if I wasn’t seriously injured, I would be able to deal with you even without the medicine! I’ll kill whoever dares to rush over. I won’t be able to live anyway!” Luo Shifeng shouted, causing the other six genetic mutants to stop in their tracks.

However, it only lasted for an instant. When Wang Ji was entangled with Luo Shifeng, the other six genetic mutants circled around him and pounced towards the sea.

Luo Shifeng no longer cared about these people. Instead, he fought Wang Ji with all his might. He knew Xu Tui’s strength. These genetic mutants would not cause Xu Tui much trouble.

It had already been more than a minute. Whether they could catch up to Xu Tui was another story.

The key was that Wang Ji was a genetic evolver. He had to stall him. He had to buy time for Xu Tui.

Any Genetic Evolver would have a decent tracking ability and underwater mobility after years of accumulation. This kind of decent underwater mobility, coupled with the abnormal physical fitness and sensory tracking abilities of Genetic Evolvers, was too much of a threat to Xu Tui.

Therefore, Luo Shifeng directly used the method of exchanging lives for lives.

Luo Shifeng had predicted that Wang Ji would not dare to exchange injuries with him!

Firstly, he cherished his life.

Secondly, it was not worth it!

However, Luo Shifeng would die no matter what. It did not matter anymore! Being able to buy Xu Tui one more second would also give Xu Tui one more second of life.

In less than three minutes, Luo Shifeng used the Time Distortion and caused Wang Ji two more serious injuries.

Wang Ji was so angry that he roared repeatedly, but he could do nothing to Luo Shifeng.

It was extremely sudden.

Luo Shifeng’s body went limp. He fell backward like a noodle. The aura around him began to rapidly decrease.

The time for the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir is up.

Once the potion time was up, all of Luo Shifeng’s genetic abilities would be broken. He would become a complete cripple. Moreover, the huge wound on his waist would bleed Luo Shifeng to death in a few minutes.

As a result, when Luo Shifeng fell, Wang Ji did not even look at him and directly rushed into the sea. He wanted to chase after Xu Tui.

Every second counted!@@novelbin@@

As for Luo Shifeng, he was already a dead man. It did not matter if he attacked him or not.

Luo Shifeng, who had fallen to the ground and lost all his strength, tried his best to turn his head and look in the direction of the sea.

He wanted to know how Xu Tui was doing.

But he could not see it.

“He should have… I think… This time, we were harmed by Shamera. Otherwise, who would dare to attack us openly…

“Die here? Can I still join Huaxia in my next life?” Luo Shifeng was very dissatisfied with the location of his death.

Sighing, Luo Shifeng took out a half-soaked cigar from his pocket with great difficulty and put it into his mouth.

In the capital, Luo Shifeng, who often hung out in bars, often smoked a cigar to show off. Over time, it became a habit.

Trembling, Luo Shifeng took out the lighter in his pocket and wanted to light his cigar. However, Luo Shifeng, whose genetic ability chain had already collapsed, could not continue after pressing the lighter.

He tried several times but failed to light it up!

At this moment, a figure slowly walked up to Luo Shifeng.

It was Feng Qian.

Previously, Feng Qian had been hung up by the water whip of the water-type supernatural being. At this moment, the water-type supernatural being was dead, and Feng Qian was free.

She took the lighter from Luo Shifeng’s hand.

She lit it up. She burned the cigar for a full 20 seconds.

Feng Qian helped Luo Shifeng light his cigar.

Luo Shifeng immediately took a deep breath.

When the green smoke spurted out of Luo Shifeng’s nose, Feng Qian’s nails suddenly expanded into a dagger and pierced into Luo Shifeng’s right eye. Then, she turned 180 degrees clockwise.

The cigar fell into the snow and was instantly extinguished.

Smoke rose from Luo Shifeng’s nose.

Then, Feng Qian disappeared into the darkness…