Chapter 349 - You’Re Too Weak

Chapter 349: You’re Too Weak

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, who was in a flat bubble, was held in the mouth of the mutated orca. He did not know how deep he had dived. It was pitch black in all directions. There was no light at all.

However, Xu Tui heard all sorts of voices.

It was the sound of the sea.

As he dove deeper, the bubble kept shrinking. In the end, it shrunk to a size of two square meters. Xu Tui and Shamera were almost touching.

“Alright, Little Tiger, help me hold on. I’m a little tired.” Shamera suddenly stopped. Little Tiger, the mutated orca, was extremely human-like. He spat at the flattened bubble, and the bubble actually began to slowly expand.

At this moment, Xu Tui, who was very close to Little Tiger, sensed a fluctuation in his mind power from Little Tiger’s actions.

This mutated orca was definitely a water-type supernatural being!

“Is there a light source?” Shamera suddenly spoke.

Xu Tui was stunned. He took out a red date-sized gadget from his backpack and opened it. The white light filled the entire bubble.

However, the appearance of the light suddenly attracted many underwater creatures nearby.

The mutated orca turned around silently, and the blood-red color dispersed in the seawater.

Xu Tui cursed when he saw this. At the bottom of the sea, anyone who could command a mutated orca would definitely be able to do whatever they wanted.

“I remember that your name is Xu Tui. Why are you here? And saved me by chance?” Shamera asked.

It would be bad if Shamera did not mention it. Xu Tui could not help but feel angry when he did. “It’s all your fault. If you had not started the coup, we would not be in such a dangerous situation. You even caused Mr. Luo to die on the spot!”

Xu Tui’s eyes turned red when Old Luo was mentioned.

Shamera revealed a stunned expression. “Someone took the opportunity to ambush you? That… Professor Luo died?”

Xu Tui nodded heavily with a sorrowful expression.

“I’m sorry. Does that mean that the group of people I found searching the sea just now were after you?” Shamera frowned.

“Probably. I don’t understand. Why did you start a coup? Now, you were suppressed in such a short time. You survived, but Mr. Luo!”

Xu Tui, who had been angered, spoke in an extreme manner. He was practically pointing at Shamera’s nose and scolding him.

“I’m sorry…”

After Shamera spoke again, a long silence fell within the bubble.

Both Xu Tui and Shamera were speechless for a long time.@@novelbin@@

Maybe a minute. It might also be ten minutes. Shamera suddenly spoke again, “Little Tiger said that you can treat me. Can you treat me again? My injuries are a little serious.”

In the end, Shamera added, “I will thank you. There will be a reward.”

“Healing you and then killing me is the payment?”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Shamera.

“Am I that kind of person?”

“I can’t rule it out!” Xu Tui said this after careful consideration.

Shamera did have the potential to do that. Instead of making suspicious guesses here, it was better to directly point out this problem.

“I’ve killed many people in my life, but I’ve saved many more. If you believe me, then treat me. If you don’t, I’ll send you away when we reach a suitable sea area,” Shamera said.

“Really?”

Xu Tui was a little suspicious when he saw how calm Shamera was.

“Absolutely.”

“Then lend me your personal communication device. I need to make a call,” Xu Tui said as he looked at Shamera.

“Are you sure?”

Shamera suddenly looked at Xu Tui with a faint smile.

“My personal communication device has been completely cut off from the start of the war. Of course, it can be turned on at any time. If you’re not afraid, you can contact the outside world…”

Xu Tui reacted instantly.

A pit!

This Shamera was a huge pit!

Shamera’s personal communication device had probably been closely monitored by the outside world. Once it was turned on, it was equivalent to marking Shamera’s location. It would immediately attract a large number of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

Even if these Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouses did not rush over immediately because of the distance, Xu Tui was still bringing disaster to An Xiaoxue by using Shamera’s personal communication device to send a message to her.

Fine, he still could not use it.

Xu Tui waved at Shamera.

“Have you figured it out? However, if you want to leave, I’ll find a sea area close to the city and send you there. You can get a personal communication device. It should be easy to contact friends.”

Shamera looked at Xu Tui and spoke very sincerely.

“What about you?”

“Me? I’m afraid I’ll have to dive underwater for a while. There’s no place for me on the entire Blue Star,” Shamera said.

“Aren’t you afraid that I’ll expose you?”

“So what if you expose my location at the bottom of the sea? The Blue Star Ocean is so huge. Even if they send ten Genetic Transmutation Realm water-type supernatural beings into the sea to search, the probability of finding me is like finding a needle in a haystack.” Shamera smiled.

“It’s just that life is a little miserable. I’m afraid I’ll have to eat real raw seafood for a while,” Shamera said.

“Little Tiger, cross the strait and get closer to Jibang.” Shamera suddenly gave an order and smiled helplessly at Xu Tui. “I’ll send you away first. It’s still very dangerous to be with me.”

Xu Tui was also a little surprised when Little Tiger started to carry them and move them again.

“I can treat you, but my treatment method is a little special. You need to replenish enough energy yourself. I have a condition,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“What condition?”

“Help me kill someone. I want to avenge Mr. Luo!” Xu Tui was filled with killing intent.

Shamera shook his head when she saw Xu Tui’s murderous look. “I can’t do anything. I’m too sensitive right now. As long as you get involved with me, you’ll be in big trouble.”

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. To be honest, at this moment, he was extremely anxious to kill Wang Ji and kill the Agassi who betrayed them.

It was never too late to take revenge.

But Xu Tui did not like being a gentleman. Xu Tui preferred to be a commoner. He would try his best not to take revenge overnight.

“However, if you can make use of it, Little Tiger can help you.” Shamera’s words made Xu Tui excited.

“Sure. However, you have to recover from your injuries. I’m afraid you’ll have to replenish ten bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs or even Level C Energy Restoration Elixirs that are rarely seen on the market. I only brought out one bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. The rest are all Level E,” Xu Tui said.

“Are you from the School of General Senses?” Shamera asked.

Xu Tui nodded.

“This is a good path. It’s the only cultivation direction that can compare to or even surpass the supernatural-type.”

With a sigh, Shamera pulled open his tattered combat uniform with great difficulty. He took a look and smiled bitterly.

“All the potions that I prepared in the combat suit’s inner layer have been shattered.”

“This…” Xu Tui’s expression was a little ugly. Without the Energy Restoration Elixir, he couldn’t do anything.

“It’s fine. I have more.”

Shamera suddenly called out, “Little Tiger.”

The mutated orca instantly understood what Shamera meant. It opened its mouth and spat out a small bubble into the bubble that Xu Tui and Shamera were in. Five bottles of Energy Restoration Elixir were neatly wrapped in the small bubble. Judging from the packaging, Xu Tui had never seen them before.

“This is a Level C Energy Restoration Elixir?” Xu Tui asked.

“No, this is a Level B Active Energy Elixir.”

“Active energy? Is it any different from the Energy Restoration Elixir?”

Shamera directly gulped down two bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixirs in one go before slowly saying, “There’s something different. The Active Energy Elixirs are purer, and there’s even a refinement component of Origin Crystals added. It can replenish the consumption of various living beings in all aspects.”

“Physical strength? Energy field power? Does that include mind power?” Xu Tui asked.

“Including mind power. However, the amount of mind power it can directly recover is very small. It might only be 10%. More importantly, the active energy could be directly replenished and circulated to the genetic chain, allowing one to recover their mind power faster. The recovery speed is about half the effect of deep sleep.”

As he spoke, Shamera threw a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir to Xu Tui. “I see that you’ve used up almost half of your mind power. Drink one one too. By the way, this thing is a little violent for you. Just squeeze a small mouthful into your mouth. It’s best not to exceed a quarter.

“One-fifth is a more appropriate amount for you,” Shamera said.

“A fifth?”

Xu Tui was puzzled. He slowly placed the Level B Active Energy Elixir into his mouth. He controlled it with his mind power and gently squeezed it. In the next moment, a sweet smell spread out from Xu Tui’s mouth and into his mouth. An inexplicable coolness instantly surged into his entire body.

In an instant, Xu Tui felt that his entire body was filled with energy. He even felt that his strength was off the charts.

At the same time, Xu Tui felt as if he had taken a warm bath and he had a head massage. While he felt extremely comfortable, he also felt as if he had been doused with a basin of ice water.

He was extremely sober! His mind power, which had already fallen to 50%, instantly returned to its peak state.

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Didn’t you say that this thing can only recover 10% of one’s mind power? Why do I feel that my mind power has instantly recovered?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“That’s for me,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui was speechless. However, this thing was really useful. If his mind power was exhausted during the war, there was still a chance that he could turn the situation around.

“Where can I buy this? How much is a bottle?” Xu Tui asked.

Hearing this, Shamera suddenly revealed a playful smile. “How much for a bottle?

“On the Blue Star, you can’t buy a bottle even if you take out 100 million yuan. If you take out 10,000 contribution points in the extra-terrestrial, you might be able to get a bottle if you’re lucky and spend some time.”

“You can’t buy this?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“It’s not that you can’t buy it. It’s just that our Blue Star doesn’t have the ability to produce this thing. Of course, it’s not that we don’t have it. It’s mainly because the raw materials are too troublesome and require the participation of a certain quasi-planetary-level expert. The cost is too high,” Shamera said.

“Then where did yours come from?”

“The extraterrestrial creatures sell these. However, this is my spoils of war after killing extraterrestrial creatures in the past few years.”

After he finished speaking, Shamera took out another bottle and tossed it to Xu Tui. “These two bottles are for you. You can keep them for a long time and use them separately. By the way, can you start treating me now?”

“It has already begun.”

Shamera was stunned. The moment he lowered his head, he saw that the flesh at his shattered heart had already begun to wriggle and grow at a visible speed. The huge hole in his waist and abdomen also began to slowly squirm.

Suddenly, Shamera’s expression became extremely strange.

“Slow down… Slow down… Slow down… Slower!”

“Alright, you’re too weak.” Xu Tui’s words made Shamera’s expression change.

This is not about him being f*cking weak, right?

“By the way, I saw that you made Little Tiger spit out this Level B Active Energy Elixir. Did you prepare this beforehand?” Xu Tui suddenly asked the question in his heart.