Chapter 342 - Feng Qian’S True Identity And Luo Shifeng’S Condition (2)

Chapter 342: Feng Qian’s True Identity and Luo Shifeng’s Condition (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s expression suddenly changed when he activated his Earth Perception.

“Mr. Luo, we’ve been discovered. The enemy has surrounded us,” Xu Tui suddenly lowered his voice and said.

“It’s impossible to be discovered!”

Luo Shifeng looked surprised. His counter-tracking was not exaggerated.

Luo Shifeng cultivated the extreme-type. Back then, he walked the path of an assassin and was extremely good at this.

“How many people are there? In which direction? How far away from us?”

The enemy had already come over for some reason. There was no point in being anxious.

“On both sides of our cliff, a hundred meters, but creeping. I’ve spotted ten men so far!”

“They’ve reached a hundred meters?”

Luo Shifeng was shocked. This was too damn abnormal. However, there was no time to think about this now.

The enemy could attack at any time.

Luo Shifeng immediately made a decision and pointed to the sea.

“We’ll enter the sea and escape if the other party does not have a water-type genetic evolver!”

After a pause, Luo Shifeng continued, “I saw just now that you can dive deep. After entering the sea, we’ll split up. You dive deep and stay far away. I’ll attract the firepower and find an opportunity to counterattack.”

“Mr. Luo…”

“There’s no time for nonsense. Let’s act immediately.”

After saying that, Luo Shifeng gently carried Feng Qian. However, no one expected Feng Qian, who had been patted by Luo Shifeng, to scream like a lunatic.

It was as if she was frightened!

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng were immediately dumbfounded. This scream caused the enemies who were a hundred meters away to instantly accelerate!

“I… I had a nightmare…”

Feng Qian had only spoken when Luo Shifeng picked her up and fled.

“Quick, enter the sea!”

As long as he jumped into the sea, he would have a chance to escape!

However, at this moment, Feng Qian’s nails suddenly grew by 20 centimeters. They were already stuck to Luo Shifeng’s lower back. At this moment, it was like a dagger stuck to Luo Shifeng’s lower back. With a slight force, it pierced into his lower back.

Then, it spun!

Luo Shifeng screamed in pain!

Xu Tui exclaimed. In an instant, he entered the Time Distortion. His mental whip whipped Feng Qian’s head.

Feng Qian did not scream. Her head only swayed slightly. The impact was obviously very small.

However, Luo Shifeng finally reacted. He punched Feng Qian in the chest.

The moment she was hit, he only hit a ball of clothes. Feng Qian rolled and appeared behind the pursuers who were wearing the same combat uniform.

A 15-centimeter-long incision was made on the back of Luo Shifeng’s waist. Blood gushed out. Many important organs like the right kidney had probably been severed.

Luo Shifeng’s injuries were very serious.

At this moment, ten trackers surrounded Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng from both sides.

Almost at the same time, amidst the sound of the waves, a water-type supernatural being was approaching from behind on the waves.

Another Extreme Branch Genetic Evolver leaped high into the air from the crown of a tree in the distance. He flew hundreds of meters like a giant bird and landed on a reef near Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng. He looked coldly at Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng.

A miserable smile appeared on Luo Shifeng’s face. The aura around him surged, and the blood gushing out of the wound on his back began to decrease rapidly.@@novelbin@@

A small disposable syringe box silently landed in Luo Shifeng’s palm.

Using the slight movement, Luo Shifeng pressed his abdomen.

“Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui, both of you are extremely valuable targets. Surrender. As long as you join us, we will get what we want. Not only will you be able to live, but you will also be able to soar to greater heights in the future.” The leader, Wang Ji, shouted with a black eagle mask.

“Why?”

Luo Shifeng’s roar was filled with pain, but it was directed in the direction where Feng Qian was hiding.

Feng Qian seemed to have transformed into the night and disappeared into the darkness. She did not respond.

“It seems that from the beginning to the end, you were the one who betrayed our location. Was my beginning with you also because of your perfect plan?”

An indescribable sadness flashed across Luo Shifeng’s face. He took out a ring box from his pocket and slowly opened it, revealing a pair of rings that shone brightly in the moonlight. His face was filled with pain.

“What a joke. I secretly customized a ring and wanted to marry you when I returned…”

Luo Shifeng smiled bitterly. He closed the ring box and threw it into the sea.

The shadow in the darkness behind the pursuers trembled slightly at this moment.

“You can ask us to surrender if you want. Tell me, who is instigating you? Or rather, who wants to deal with us?” Luo Shifeng suddenly asked.

“I’ll tell you after you surrender.” There was no emotion in Wang Ji’s eyes.

“Okay!

Luo Shifeng suddenly roared, “I can surrender. I can also persuade Xu Tui to surrender and give you what you want. However, I have a condition! Otherwise, I will definitely die with you even if I have to risk my life!

“Besides, I’ll kill him before I die with you!” Luo Shifeng pointed at Xu Tui with a crazed expression.

Wang Ji’s expression changed. The expression of the Genetic Evolution Realm water-type supernatural being behind him also changed.

Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui noticed this subtle change in expression.