Chapter 341 - Feng Qian’S True Identity And Luo

Chapter 341: Feng Qian’s True Identity and Luo Shifeng’s Condition (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Sizzle!@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui, Luo Shifeng, and Feng Qian’s communication devices emitted high temperatures. At the same time, there was a sizzling sound.

“Damn it, a particle pulse bomb. The enemy wants to cut off our connection with the outside world! They want to capture us alive,” Luo Shifeng shouted.

“Mr. Luo, how did the enemy’s particle-pulse bombs accurately reach us through the missiles?”

Xu Tui could not help but ask the question in his heart.

Luo Shifeng pointed at the corpses of Toro and the others a kilometer away. “They should have a locator on them. Moreover, this particle pulse bomb is a large-scale destructive attack. There’s no need to be too precise. It’s fine as long as there’s a point.”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. That was true.

“You can swim, right?” Luo Shifeng suddenly asked.

“Yes.”

Not only did Xu Tui know how to do it, but he had also strengthened it a few days ago.

“Let’s go. Jump into the sea with me and swim for a while to eliminate the other party’s possible scent tracking. Then, we’ll find a place to hide and wait for an opportunity to act.”

At this moment, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng were not far from the beach. They could already smell the fishy smell of the sea breeze.

Lights kept flashing in the sky nearby. He did not know if it was a flying car heading to the capital of Niyah Sector or somewhere else.

This made Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui a little nervous. They ran toward the beach with all their might. In 11 to 12 minutes, they had run 10 kilometers in the mountains.

Xu Tui was fine. He only carried a backpack that weighed less than 15 kilograms.

Luo Shifeng’s performance was extremely inhumane. He was carrying a living person. Based on Feng Qian’s height, she was at least 50 kilograms. She was also carrying a backpack that weighed more than 20 kilograms.

He could actually run at the same speed as Xu Tui. Moreover, it seemed like he still had some energy left.

Old Luo’s strength seemed to be much stronger than Xu Tui had imagined.

“Jump into the sea. If you are knocked over by the waves, learn to use your mind power to help you swim. Remember, follow me with your mental perception.”

As he spoke, Luo Shifeng took the lead and jumped into the sea while carrying Feng Qian on his back. Xu Tui followed closely behind.

The moment the two of them jumped into the sea, four repulsive-force flying cars landed at Toro’s corpse in the distance and instantly extinguished their lights.

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng were swimming with difficulty in the sea. To be precise, Luo Shifeng, who was carrying Feng Xi, had a harder time swimming.

On the other hand, Xu Tui swam extremely easily.

Originally, swimming in the sea was ten times more difficult than swimming in a pool. However, Xu Tui had activated genetic base points that were related to his ability to survive and move underwater a few days ago. This made Xu Tui feel a natural sense of closeness to the sea.

He could clearly sense the surging of every wave and undercurrent. He also took advantage of the momentum.

“Mr. Luo, do you need my help?” Xu Tui, who was swimming very easily, suddenly asked.

Luo Shifeng subconsciously hugged Feng Qian tightly. “In your dreams… Uh, I’ll give you the backpack.”

Luo Shifeng, who realized that he had misunderstood, suddenly threw his backpack to Xu Tui.

“I’ve already checked the nearby terrain before the particle pulse bomb exploded. Swim in this direction for 20 kilometers. There’s an island reef there. Let’s go there to hide and look for an opportunity.”

“Alright.”

Luo Shifeng led the team and swam for more than 40 minutes before they arrived at their destination.

It was a tropical forest with islands and reefs.

“I’ll go up and take a look first. You guys can come out after I confirm that it’s safe.”

Neither Luo Shifeng nor Xu Tui could stay in the seawater forever. Especially at night. The low temperature in the sea would greatly reduce their stamina.

Before he went ashore, Luo Shifeng also replenished a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Two minutes later, Luo Shifeng came down from the reef again. He carried Feng Qian on his back and gestured for Xu Tui to follow him.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng found a relatively hidden place 300 meters away from the beach and carefully hid themselves.

The two of them even observed the situation in the distance from time to time. The weather in November meant that the temperature by the sea was fine. However, they were drenched and a little cold from the sea breeze.

Feng Qian, in particular, was shivering in the cold. She leaned into Luo Shifeng’s arms.

“Qian’er, drink a bottle of Energy Restoration Elixir first. You can’t start a fire yet. Hang in there,” Luo Shifeng comforted her.

“It’s a pity that we didn’t bring any of the communication devices of the people we just killed. Otherwise, I would be able to make do with contacting the outside world and even replace parts to repair my communication device.”

Xu Tui felt a little regretful.

“Don’t be anxious. Let’s hold on for now. When the sun rises, we can think of a way to use a passerby’s communication device nearby.” Luo Shifeng was very calm.

“This place is more than 30 kilometers away from the location of the incident. Furthermore, they came across the sea. It would be impossible for them to search here without a few hours. That would depend on the direction.

“Xu Tui, I’ll be on duty first. I’ll also study the terrain. You and Qian’er can rest for a while. We’ll change locations in an hour and a half.”

“Yeah, sure.”

Feng Qian obediently closed her eyes and leaned into Luo Shifeng’s arms.

Xu Tui nodded and found a more comfortable position. He spread out his mental strength. There was nothing unusual within a 44-meter radius.

Perhaps it was out of habit, or perhaps it was out of caution, but Xu Tui cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain before he rested.

Earth Perception.

Currently, the distance of Xu Tui’s Earth Perception has reached 150 meters.