Chapter 346 - Xu Tui’S Choice And Tactics

Chapter 346: Xu Tui’s Choice and Tactics

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The moment Xu Tui was thrown into the sea by Luo Shifeng. His emotions were extremely complicated. All kinds of thoughts surfaced in his mind.

Xu Tui’s blood boiled. His first thought was to return and fight alongside Luo Shifeng. It did not matter even if he died in battle! It was too embarrassing to jump into the sea and escape alone.

When he thought about dying in battle, Xu Tui immediately thought of his father and mother. He instantly broke out in a sweat.

Xu Tui thought of escaping. But could he escape?

Xu Tui was still thinking that he might be able to work together with Luo Shifeng to kill that Genetic Evolver if he turned around and killed the enemy.

Luo Shifeng’s final roar also entered Xu Tui’s ears.

Luo Shifeng wanted Xu Tui to take care of his mother.

Pfft!

Xu Tui fell into the sea amidst his thoughts. The cold seawater instantly calmed him down. It also allowed him to regain his senses from the sudden change.

Suddenly, he understood.

Actually, Luo Shifeng had already thought of risking his life from the beginning.

After being severely injured by Feng Qian’s surprise attack, Luo Shifeng had secretly injected the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir. Luo Shifeng had already harbored the intention to die.

Luo Shifeng first took the opportunity to throw Wang Ji out. Then, he turned around and killed the water-type supernatural being at all costs. Actually, Luo Shifeng was looking for a way out for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui, who did not have a flying car on land, could not escape from these people. If he did not kill that water-type supernatural being, Xu Tui would not be able to survive in the sea.

This was the chance of survival that Luo Shifeng had risked his life for.

Xu Tui instantly regained his composure. His hot blood turned into anger. He would escape first and survive before taking revenge for Luo Shifeng. If he turned around and charged back now, there was a high chance that Luo Shifeng would have sacrificed himself for nothing.

As for Luo Shifeng, whether it was the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir or his serious injuries, it meant that he was hopeless.

Xu Tui poked his head out of the water and took a deep breath before swimming into the deep sea. He sensed the turbulence in the ocean and followed the power of the turbulence. He swam into the distance like a fish. At the same time, he counted silently in his heart.

150 seconds later, Xu Tui floated to the surface of the sea. He took a deep breath and dived to the bottom of the sea again.

Another 120 seconds later, Xu Tui swam past a group of reefs. Under the cover of the reefs, Xu Tui quietly surfaced to catch his breath.

Wang Ji’s furious roar could be heard from afar.

“All of you, dive to the bottom of the sea and search! I’ll keep an eye on the surface of the sea! How can a living person turn into a fish?”

Xu Tui took a deep breath as slowly as he could. He dived into the bottom of the sea again and swam toward the reef in the distance.

However, Xu Tui did not dare to swim too deep. There were only more mutated animals in the sea than on land. It was even more ferocious and powerful than the ones on land. If he went too deep into the sea and attracted ferocious beasts, Xu Tui might not even know how he died.

On the back of an island, Xu Tui surfaced once again and breathed softly. He increased his mental perception to the most blurry level and slowly released it. The sea was so big, and Wang Ji still had six people under him. The search area would definitely not be large.

Actually, Wang Ji’s search situation was worse than Xu Tui had imagined. Although his six subordinates had good strength, they were all of the Extreme Branch. They could barely move in the sea.

A search?

Wang Ji had overestimated them.

In a few seconds, Wang Ji jumped into the sea and started searching personally.

Wang Ji started to swim like a giant ship. He released a huge wave and started to swim crazily underwater. His underwater mobility was also extraordinary. However, he relied on his powerful strength to quickly cruise around.

Xu Tui did not hesitate any longer. He took a deep breath and dived into the shadow of a reef 30 meters below the water. Then, he quietly hid himself.

However, by sensing the faint movement of the seawater above his head, he could roughly determine that Wang Ji was still searching here.

Xu Tui did not dare to look. He did not dare to use his mental perception. He was afraid of attracting Wang Ji’s attention.

However, Wang Ji’s search at this moment was like looking for a needle in a haystack. It was like trying his luck. In less than a minute, he went far away.

Xu Tui was still hiding there. Two hundred seconds later, when he reached his limit, he slowly floated to the surface of the water. He continued to dive to a height of 30 meters. Then, he remained silent like a speck of dust in the depths of the sea.

After repeating this four times, Wang Ji came to this sea area again. He searched for a minute before leaving.

Xu Tui remained hidden. He only slowly surfaced twenty minutes later. He quietly looked at the place where Luo Shifeng had died a few kilometers away. There was only one question in Xu Tui’s mind—what should he do?

Under the reef, Xu Tui suddenly saw a light circling in the distance. Within a few breaths, it circled above his head.@@novelbin@@

It was a repulsive force flying car.

There were two repulsive-force flying cars circling the nearby sea and forest.

Wang Ji and his subordinates still did not give up. The reason why they did not give up was simple.

How far could Xu Tui escape in this barren area near the sea? How far could Xu Tui escape if he did not dare to make too much noise? Even if he ran 60 kilometers in an hour, the flying car could search the area in a few minutes.

Xu Tui suddenly realized something.

He was still in danger.

The other party was using a flying car to search the area. Unless Xu Tui had been hiding in the sea, he would eventually be discovered.

He could not go deep into the sea. He could not go to land. Once on land, he would be discovered even faster. Most importantly, Xu Tui could not stay at the bottom of the sea for a long time. The flow and low-temperature seawater caused a severe body temperature loss.

Of course, Xu Tui could still hold on until dawn if he continued to replenish his energy with the Energy Restoration Elixirs.

However, the end of Xu Tui would only come after dawn.

Without the cover of darkness, Xu Tui would be easily discovered by Wang Ji as long as he stuck his head out of the sea to catch his breath.

There was another important problem—reinforcements!

If Wang Ji were to summon reinforcements, such as those with high-tech equipment such as handheld heat scanners that had had a 100-meter radius, he would be able to force Xu Tui into a corner.

Even without the equipment, a batch of reinforcements would cause Xu Tui even more trouble.

Most importantly, Xu Tui could not call for his reinforcements.

Xu Tui thought about it carefully. He calculated the enemy’s advantages and disadvantages, then thought about his own advantages and disadvantages.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui dived into the sea and swam toward the cliff where Luo Shifeng had died.

Xu Tui did not swim fast. He was still a little slow. Under the cover of the waves, he approached the cliff where Luo Shifeng had died. He leaned against the cliff and slowly moved his mind. He directly cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

He extended his Earth Perception to 150 meters away. The first thing he sensed was Luo Shifeng’s corpse.

The moment he sensed Luo Shifeng’s corpse, Xu Tui’s eyes became slightly hot. He immediately dropped out of his sensory state.

Xu Tui sank into the sea and allowed himself to calm down for a minute. He then re-entered the mountain’s original quantum frequency and began to sense the earth again.

A living person was crawling on the rock 20 meters away from Luo Shifeng’s body.

Xu Tui could sense his heartbeat as he crawled on the ground. A hundred and forty meters away, a man stood and watched.

“Two!”

Xu Tui pondered for a moment and adjusted the distance slightly. While he was adjusting himself, a repulsive force flying car flew over his head.

Xu Tui did not move as he hid under the dark cliff.

In the next moment, when the flying car flew far away, Xu Tui directly cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain. He was about to kill the ambusher and the lookout first.

There was a rapid sound in the distance. Wang Ji had arrived.

“How is it? Did you notice anything unusual?” Wang Ji asked the lookout after he landed.

“Captain Wang, no. My vision is really bad at night.”

“I’ve already called for backup. They’ll be here in forty minutes at most. Don’t worry,” Wang Ji said.

“So fast?” The lookout was surprised.

“They’re from the Niyah Genetic Evolution College. Anyway, their internal affairs are in a mess! According to them, a fierce battle between quasi-planetary-level powerhouses has already broken out in the sky above Niyah City. They are also happy to avoid them now,” Wang Ji said.

“Continue to strengthen your patrol. Make your search more direct. It’s best if that kid can see it. I knew the kid was still hiding nearby. He did not get far. However, we had to scare him so that he could not escape far.

“When that group of people comes, we’ll be done!” As he spoke, Wang Ji walked towards Luo Shifeng’s corpse and squatted in front of it.

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He understood that he had to make a decision. Otherwise, he would really have no way out once Wang Ji’s so-called reinforcements arrived.

Wang Ji squatted in front of Luo Shifeng’s corpse and quietly examined it for a while. He slowly closed Luo Shifeng’s eyes.

“What a man…”

Swish!

Without any warning, Wang Ji suddenly looked up at the sky and punched his head.

Bang!

Although it was aimed at the void, a heavy sound came from above.

Wang Ji felt his fist sink as if he had struck a huge object. His energy field exploded. Xu Tui’s mountain instantly shattered.

However, just as Wang Ji punched out, three earth spikes shot out from the cliff behind him.

Wang Ji’s expression changed drastically, but he did not panic at all. He spread his legs slightly and lowered his body.

Energy Field Protection!

Bang!

Xu Tui’s three earth spikes were broken.

At this moment, Wang Ji’s expression changed drastically. A huge object appeared above his head again, and a shrill sound of air being torn apart rang out from afar.

A silver beam of light shot toward Wang Ji.

Wang Ji punched the mountain above his head again. However, at this moment, an earth spike silently appeared between Wang Ji’s legs.

It did not stab towards Wang Ji’s crotch. That journey would be too long. It might not hurt Wang Ji. The moment the earth spike emerged from the ground, it pierced Wang Ji’s calf.

Under the heavy cover, Wang Ji was stabbed by the Earth Spike.

Wang Ji snorted.

The earth spike that had just pierced less than an inch into his calf was suddenly blocked by the energy field and could not penetrate any further.

However, Wang Ji was still in pain.

“That way!”

Wang Ji endured the pain and pounced towards the spot where the silver light had landed.

Xu Tui took a deep breath and dived into the sea again.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui realized that Wang Ji had also suffered quite a number of injuries.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood what tactic he should use.