Chapter 348 - You Have To Leave A Way Out For Yourself

Chapter 348: You Have to Leave A Way Out for Yourself

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of horror and strangeness being stared at by a mutated orca.

Xu Tui, who had sharp senses, felt that the mutated orca’s gaze seemed to be hinting at something.

He did not dare to attack, nor did he dare to leave. It was very difficult to kill a sea overlord like the mutated orca in one go. If he could not kill him, Xu Tui would be in trouble.

As for escaping?

Xu Tui felt that his brain would not be working if he compared his speed with a mutated orca at the bottom of the sea.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling bewildered, the mutated orca suddenly swung its body and threw the person lying on its back toward him.

Xu Tui was shocked. He instinctively retreated.

The mutated orca did not move, but it used its huge tail to create a vortex. It once again used the water flow to trap Xu Tui in place.

Xu Tui was startled. His expression changed drastically the next second.

As the mutated orca swung its body, the person lying on its back was thrown in front of Xu Tui. Xu Tui saw who the person was.

Shamera!

Shamera, the hero of the Niyah Sector, who staged the coup at a welcoming banquet and killed a quasi-planetary invader.

It was also the main culprit that caused the chaos in Niyah and indirectly caused someone to use the opportunity of chaos to ambush Xu Tui.

Luo Shifeng died because of this!

He was not venting his anger. If the Niyah Sector was not in chaos, who would dare to take the risk of completely offending the Huaxia Sector to ambush Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng?

Of course, Wang Ji’s group had already planned this. However, others would not be so bold, such as Agassi. The various connections were extremely complicated. However, Xu Tui’s current situation, including Luo Shifeng’s death, was more or less related to Shamera.

He was not angry, but he definitely did not like it.

However, what shocked Xu Tui even more was Shamera’s current injuries. There was a huge hole in his heart. But the hole was blocked by a thin layer of water vapor. The thing that was half water vapor and half a real heart was actually still beating slowly.

His neck, abdomen, and back were covered in wounds so deep that even his bones could be seen.

Anyone would have died from such serious injuries. However, all of Shamera’s wounds were blocked by the water vapor. He was still alive.

There was a dent in the back of Shamera’s head. There were traces of dried blood on his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.

However, Xu Tui was certain that Shamera was still alive, he just did not know how long he could live. Although the heavily injured parts of his body were temporarily sealed by the water vapor, the water vapor was only water vapor.

Traces of blood were still slowly seeping out.

It would not be long before Shamera died.

Cause of death – loss of blood.

After all, Shamera was still human.

Xu Tui was shocked by the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s reaction as he observed Shamera’s injuries. In order to maintain the foundation of rule and the orthodoxy of power, the speed of the Blue Star Genetic Committee could be said to be godly.

It had only been two hours since the coup. In two hours, Shamera had been suppressed. No one knew if he was dead or alive!

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a possibility and was shocked. Would the experts who had suppressed Shamera come along? Those people could suppress a powerhouse like Shamera. Although it was very difficult to search in the sea, it was still possible for them to chase after him.

Once those experts caught up, Xu Tui would be implicated.

Those who could suppress Shamera were at least at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. If they saw that Xu Tui was with Shamera and misunderstood anything, killing Xu Tui would be as easy as killing an ant.

Xu Tui instinctively wanted to stay away from Shamera.

However, the mutated orca was staring intently at Xu Tui at this moment. It continuously sent streams of water toward Shamera with Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was startled. What did this mutated orca want him to do? After a few times, he suddenly understood.

Save him!

The mutated orca wanted Xu Tui to save Shamera.

Holy shit!

Xu Tui looked at the mutated orca in front of him in shock. Has this thing in front of him become a spirit? He actually understood human nature? He knew how to ask Xu Tui to save people. Even if it was not a spirit, it was probably not far from the legendary spirit!

It was simply…

Xu Tui felt as if he had been struck by the wind. Were all mutated creatures nowadays so awesome? He wanted a few of these mutated creatures.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt a tightness in his chest. It was time for him to catch his breath.

He pointed at his chest and then pointed at the surface of the water, indicating that he wanted to go to the surface.

However, the mutated orca did not understand what he was saying. When Xu Tui moved, it released a vortex to trap Xu Tui in place.

Xu Tui was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

Damn it, he was just thinking that this thing was humane. Why was he so stupid now! Could it be that he, Xu Tui, did not die at the hands of the enemy but drowned in the sea because he was targeted by a mutated orca?

If that was the case, the tragedy would be as big as the sea!

In just a few seconds, Xu Tui’s face began to contort from lack of oxygen. Ten seconds later, when he started to choke on the water, he could no longer hold it in. He was ready to go all out.

However, at this moment, the mutated orca suddenly opened its mouth and spat out a bubble.

The two-meter-wide bubble directly enveloped Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was shocked. Just as he was about to struggle, he suddenly smelled the air! There was also a stench. But there was oxygen!

He took a deep breath. Xu Tui’s lack of oxygen was immediately resolved. However, the air was a little smelly.

Xu Tui, who understood the source, expressed his understanding. It would be strange if the air bubbles spat out by the mutated orca that never brushed its teeth did not stink. However, if he could survive, he had to suck in the stench.

The mutated orca nodded its head in a very human-like manner. It even used its fins to point at the unconscious Shamera.

It still had the same intention. It wanted Xu Tui to save him.

Xu Tui looked helpless. Being targeted by this mutated orca, he seemed to have no other choice but to save him. There was not much logic to talk to a mutated orca that only had a slight understanding of human nature.

Even if he hated Shamera, Xu Tui had to save him.

Shamera’s injuries were not easy to deal with.

Xu Tui was stunned again when he slowly sensed the rate at which Shamera’s flesh and blood grew.

This original quantum frequency of life was too damn strong!

If the original frequency of Cheng Mo’s life was like the water pipe, then Shamera’s original quantum frequency of life was like the main channel of water supply pressure in a city with a diameter of more than one meter.

That original life quantum frequency was too powerful when he sensed it.

However, no matter how strong or weak Shamera’s original quantum frequency was, Xu Tui would be able to sense it and treat it.

However, Xu Tui faced two problems.

If he wanted to materialize and amplify Shamera’s powerful quantum frequency, the consumption of his mind power would also be multiplied.

Xu Tui’s mind power would probably be depleted before Shamera was completely cured.

Mind power was Xu Tui’s life-saving asset. He could not use it up.

The second question was, if Xu Tui cured Shamera, how would he treat Xu Tui?

Logically speaking, ordinary people would not repay kindness with ingratitude. However, it was hard to say for an ambitious person like Shamera. He would be in deep trouble if he became a farmer.

In any case, Xu Tui could not determine the possibility of Shamera’s actions after he cured her.

Would he be grateful to Xu Tui? Or would he kill Xu Tui? Or would he simply destroy Xu Tui’s corpse to hide his tracks?

None of this was certain!

However, the mutated orca stared at Xu Tui. It could not be delayed. If he delayed for too long, Xu Tui would not have a good time, let alone the pursuers who were chasing after him or the pursuers who were chasing after Shamera.

Therefore, Shamera could still be saved!

However, Xu Tui decided to hold back. He observed carefully and realized that the injuries on Shamera’s body were extremely terrifying.

Half of his heart was damaged, and there was a huge hole in his abdomen.

However, these were not the reasons for Shamera’s coma. The reason for Shamera’s coma was the slight dent in the back of his head.

Xu Tui decided to save Shamera first. His physical injuries were so severe. Even if he had evil intentions, he would not harm Xu Tui immediately.

Xu Tui also had a chance to respond. Under the gaze of the mutated orca, he slowly placed his hand on the back of Shamera’s head.

Xu Tui had to come into contact with Shamera in order to materialize the resonance of Shamera’s original quantum frequency.

There was contusion and blood at the back of his head.

Under Xu Tui’s microscopic perception, Shamera’s recovery ability was already vigorously recovering from this injury.@@novelbin@@

However, at this rate, when Shamera recovered and woke up, the other injuries on his body would have already caused her to bleed out.

He would definitely die!

Xu Tui’s mind power slowly materialized and resonated with Shamera’s original quantum frequency. In his microscopic perception, the speed at which Shamera’s head injuries recovered began to increase exponentially.

The absorption speed of the blood was especially fast. It was almost visible to the naked eye.

Originally, Xu Tui should have given Shamera a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

However, that thing was too expensive.

Secondly, Xu Tui thought that he should hold back. Even if he had to treat Shamera, he had to put him in a weakened state for the time being.

Xu Tui had to leave himself a way out.

It had to be said that the recovery speed of a quasi-planetary-level expert like Shamera was extremely astonishing.

Xu Tui estimated that with his intervention, most of the blood in Shamera’s brain would dissipate in two minutes. Shamera would then wake up.

But after only a minute, Shamera slowly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, Shamera’s gaze shifted. A water screen condensed at the bottom of the sea and enveloped Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically.

However, because of this action, the wound in Shamera’s body that had been sealed by the water suddenly ruptured. Blood gushed out like a fountain.

The mutated orca, which had been staring at Xu Tui, became anxious. It quickly spat out bubble after bubble to seal Shamera’s wound. At the same time, it let out a low cry.

The mutated orca let out a low cry. Shamera, who had lost a lot of weight, looked at Xu Tui and frowned.

“Did you save me?”

He waved his hand again, and the water curtain that enveloped Xu Tui turned into a huge bubble that contained air.

In an instant, Xu Tui let out a sigh of relief as he breathed easily.

This is not the worst-case scenario. At the very least, Shamera released his goodwill. There was no need to risk his life.

Xu Tui had wanted to throw out his personal communication device. He had Ah Huang’s original core chip in his communication device. Five seconds after leaving the body, self-destruction would be activated.

This was Xu Tui’s last method of self-preservation.

As if he realized that Xu Tui could not hear him, the extremely weak Shamera waved his hand again and wrapped him and Xu Tui in a huge bubble.

“You saved me? I remembered you. I saw you at the welcome banquet. Researcher Xu from the Huaxia Sector. Why are you here?”

Alarm flickered in Shamera’s eyes.

Before Xu Tui could say anything, Shamera’s expression changed. He suddenly waved at the mutated orca. Not only did the bubble around Xu Tui and Shamera become smaller, but it also became a flat shape that allowed them to move around underwater.

The mutated orca held the flattened bubble in its mouth and swam deeper into the sea.