Chapter 344 - There Are Only Ghosts Who Die In Battle (1)

Chapter 344: There Are Only Ghosts Who Die In Battle (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

When he saw Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui rushing over, the expression of the water-type supernatural being changed. He immediately understood what Luo Shifeng was thinking.

Wang Ji had just been thrown far away by Luo Shifeng. He was taking the opportunity to get rid of a water-type supernatural being.

In most cases, supernatural beings were much more dangerous than extreme-type cultivators.

However, this water-type supernatural being was still very confident. At his level, he still had the confidence to survive when facing an Extreme Branch cultivator of the same level.

However, caution was necessary.@@novelbin@@

With a thought, the mist in front of Luo Shifeng moved. A huge bubble suddenly flickered and enveloped Luo Shifeng.

However, Luo Shifeng was extremely experienced.

The moment he was enveloped by the bubble, he seemed to have been blasted out by a ballista. He instantly accelerated and his energy field exploded, directly blasting away the bubble that was trapping him.

He was still 20 meters away from this water-type supernatural being.

However, as this water-type supernatural being began to attack with all his might, this 20-meter distance might be a chasm for Luo Shifeng.

There was a sharp whistling sound.

A silver light shot toward the water-type supernatural being like a meteor. It was Xu Tui’s flying sword.

The water-type supernatural being narrowed his eyes. He could deal with Xu Tui’s flying sword, but if he did not do anything, it would cause him fatal damage. A huge water vortex suddenly spun towards it.

It accurately caught Xu Tui’s flying sword like a snake’s head. Layers of water swirled out, rapidly reducing the speed of Xu Tui’s flying sword.

“Xu Tui!”

Luo Shifeng, who had just broken through the blockade of this water-type supernatural being, suddenly roared. He instantly turned into a stream of light and flashed forward.

Instant Strike!

When the genetic mutant used this ability, he could cover a distance of seven to eight meters in an instant. However, when Luo Shifeng, a Genetic Evolver, used it, he instantly covered a distance of 20 meters. He appeared beside the water-type supernatural being.

The water curtain and the water whip attacked Luo Shifeng at the same time.

At the same time, the water pillar that the water-type supernatural being was stepping on suddenly rose rapidly. It began to rapidly widen the height gap between him and Luo Shifeng. He could close the distance between him and Luo Shifeng, but Luo Shifeng, who was only a Genetic Evolver, had no choice once he was pulled away.

However, at the same time, the Genetic Evolution Realm water-type supernatural being suddenly frowned.

In his mental perception, a mountain with a radius of seven to eight meters suddenly appeared above his head and smashed towards him. He tilted his body and jumped down from the water pillar he was stepping on. He allowed the water pillar under his feet to expand rapidly and block the mountain that Xu Tui had conjured.

At the same time, another water pillar rushed out from the ground and caught the water-type supernatural being who was falling from a low altitude.

The water-type supernatural being began to rise into the air again.

Luo Shifeng, who had just broken through the water-type attack, suddenly felt a little despair. If he could not kill this water-type supernatural being, Xu Tui would not be able to survive today.

In the coastal area, a water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm was too powerful. He could seal off all of Xu Tui’s escape routes.

In the distance, Wang Ji, who had just been sent flying by Luo Shifeng, had already stabilized himself and was about to return.

The other seven genetic mutants were also coming over in a formation.

His last bit of life was rapidly fading away. Although he was bleeding from the huge wound on his waist, he no longer felt any pain.

Feng Qian’s attack was poisonous. However, the burning sensation and the feeling of power in his body made Luo Shifeng despair. He had already injected the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir in a desperate situation.

However, the rapid rise of the water-type supernatural being made him lose his chance to fight to the death!

At this time, Xu Tui’s roar rang out at that moment.

“Charge forward!”

Luo Shifeng could not understand Xu Tui’s roar for a moment. He did not understand what Xu Tui meant by charging forward and what he wanted to do.

However, the opportunity was fleeting.

Once Wang Ji rushed over ten seconds later and cooperated with this water-type genetic evolver, he, who was already seriously injured, would definitely have no chance, even if he was injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir.

Therefore, Luo Shifeng chose to trust Xu Tui 100% the moment he heard the roar. He had been Xu Tui’s teacher for so long, so he trusted Xu Tui more than anyone else.

Luo Shifeng suddenly jumped up and charged towards the water-type supernatural being who was rapidly increasing his height.

As a Genetic Evolver, Luo Shifeng’s height of more than ten meters was already his limit. However, the water-type supernatural being was already more than 20 meters tall.

Luo Shifeng could not reach it.

However, just as Luo Shifeng rose into the air, his feet suddenly landed. It was still empty, but the sudden feeling of stepping on solid ground gave him something to use as leverage.

Luo Shifeng took a step forward and soared to a low altitude of more than 20 meters. He instantly approached the water-type supernatural expert. Any Mystery Branch cultivator would be in extreme danger if they were targeted by the Extreme Branch.

Furthermore, Luo Shifeng, who had been injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir, had temporarily increased his strength.

In the sky, the afterimage that Luo Shifeng had transformed into instantly became one with the water-type supernatural being.