Chapter 347 - Orca

Chapter 347: Orca

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Harassment tactics!

It was also called changing locations after a shot. Which was also called: run after firing a shot.

Xu Tui had executed this tactic very well. He had also maximized his advantage. He had three basic advantages in executing this tactic.

Firstly, he had the geographical advantage. Secondly, he had decent underwater mobility. Thirdly, his attack radius was far.

Under the original quantum frequency of the mountain, Xu Tui’s attack radius would be as far as the range of his Earth Perception. His current limit of Earth Perception was 180 meters. In reality, he could easily activate the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula within a 150-meter radius.

What was worse was that it was invisible and soundless.

In the dark night, if Xu Tui used his mind power to activate the silver pills or the flying sword to injure someone, his position would be as obvious as a lighthouse.

But when he were to use the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula to deal with Wang Ji from afar, even though Wang Ji had been ambushed by Xu Tui time and time again and had sustained minor injuries, Wang Ji did not discover Xu Tui’s location either.

In less than half an hour, not only had Wang Ji been injured one after another, but Xu Tui had also found an opportunity to kill four of Wang Ji’s remaining six subordinates.

Wang Ji was at the powerful Genetic Evolution Realm. His reaction and physical strength had exceeded Xu Tui’s expectations. Be it the Earth Spike or the Mountain Formula, even if they could hit Wang Ji, they could only cause light injuries to him. They could not seriously injure him, let alone kill him.

Their cultivation levels were too different.

Xu Tui had previously believed that he was a Level C genetic liberator. Including the strength he had hidden, he was already a Level A genetic liberator.

However, this information had long passed.

After Xu Tui joined the School of General Senses, he obtained the abilities of microscopic perception, Earth Perception, the Mountain Formula, and the Stab Formula.

According to this calculation, not to mention Level S, Level SS was enough.

However, even though Xu Tui was a Level SS Genetic Liberator, he was still a Genetic Liberator.

On the other hand, Wang Ji was an expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Their levels were completely different. The difference was like the difference between a primary school student and a high school student.

The difference between them was too great.

A primary school student who scored 100 marks in all subjects could not compare to a high school student who scored 60 marks in all subjects. Moreover, according to An Xiaoxue, there was already a difference in the level of life among the Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

Xu Tui had already noticed this.

Wang Ji’s astonishing physical toughness, bone strength, and recovery speed during the half-hour-long harassment tactic made him realize something.

With his current strength, it was too difficult to kill Wang Ji. The only way to kill Wang Ji was to carefully plan the perfect battle rhythm and attack his vital points.

However, that possibility was still very low.

That was why Xu Tui had set his sights on Wang Ji’s subordinates.

Killing Wang Ji’s subordinates was equivalent to destroying Wang Ji’s eyes that were monitoring the surroundings. It would be much easier for Xu Tui to escape ashore.

Therefore, when Xu Tui took the opportunity to use his flying sword to destroy a repulsive-force flying car in the sea, Wang Ji went berserk on the spot.

He looked at the place where the flying sword landed and flew into the sea like a big bird. However, when he rushed in, Xu Tui had already disappeared into the sea.

During this half an hour of confrontation, Xu Tui realized something.

Wang Ji had relied on his powerful strength to have an extremely high ability to drain water. However, Wang Ji’s ability to move and survive underwater was very poor. Even though Wang Ji could sink to the bottom of the sea in one go, he still could not find Xu Tui.

On land, Wang Ji only needed to increase his speed once to instantly catch up to Xu Tui.

However, Wang Ji was like a headless fly under the water. He only looked scary.

Xu Tui felt a little regretful. He did not sense the original quantum frequency of water. If he had mastered it, he would only need to materialize one or two water-type superpowers to kill Wang Ji.

While Wang Ji was still struggling in the sea where Xu Tui had destroyed the repulsive force flying car, Xu Tui had quietly arrived at the other side of the cliff by the sea.

Xu Tui felt that this might be his chance to escape.@@novelbin@@

The furious Wang Ji was still struggling in the sea. There was only one person left with Wang Ji. He was driving the repulsive force flying car to search the surroundings.

Initially, this guy was flying very low.

However, he had increased the altitude of the repulsive-force flying car after his companion’s repulsive-force flying car was stabbed by Xu Tui’s flying sword. He did not dare to search at a low altitude anymore. He was flying at least 100 meters above the ground.

It was night, and they were in the forest. It was pitch-black, and their vision was extremely poor.

At this moment, he had raised his altitude to more than 100 meters. The search effect was almost nonexistent.

The furious Wang Ji was still struggling in the sea.

Just like that, Xu Tui quietly climbed up the cliff.

Xu Tui looked in the direction of Luo Shifeng’s body. He hesitated for a moment but did not go over. He wanted to carry Luo Shifeng’s body and leave together. However, that would undoubtedly increase the risk of exposure or even death.

He would first escape from here, then contact An Xiaoxue and the Special Intelligence Division before coming back to take Luo Shifeng’s body away.

In reality, Xu Tui had used a harassment tactic to kill a few of Wang Ji’s subordinates. Xu Tui had also taken the opportunity to obtain a piece of Wang Ji’s communication device.

Unfortunately, he could not use it!

Personal communication devices from the Great Genetic Age had two characteristics.

The first was full biological information recognition.

He had to have the biological information of the person it was bound to in order to unlock his communication device. Furthermore, it had to be a living biological information. Whether it was the unlocking of the human face, the unlocking of the pupils, or the unlocking of the voice, there was a prerequisite. Personal bioelectric information must be present.

With his bioelectric information, these unlocking methods were extremely fast. Once he lost his bioelectric information, his communication device could not be unlocked.

The second characteristic was that the current personal communication equipment did not need to be charged. It relied on the human body’s microbial electricity to continue charging. As long as the wearer was still alive and wore it continuously, this thing would always have electricity.

But once the wearer died, the communication device would automatically turn off once it sensed that the bioelectricity had disappeared. If he wanted to open and unlock it again, he would need a special organization or equipment.

If Ah Huang was here, he might have a way.

However, the signal transmitter in Xu Tui’s communication device had been destroyed by the particle pulse bomb. Ah Huang had also fallen silent. Under such circumstances, it would be useless even if Xu Tui obtained the enemy’s communication device.

He had to find a living person’s communication device to contact An Xiaoxue and the Special Intelligence Division.

It was only then that Xu Tui realized that he had not completely modified his communication device.

The critical moment was fatal.

When he returned, he still had to modify his communication device in all aspects. It was not only to be able to contact An Xiaoxue and the others at the critical moment. It was also to obtain support from other aspects, such as Ah Huang’s intelligence support and geographical analysis.

If he had a detailed sea map of the area, Xu Tui might have been able to escape.

Xu Tui had just reached the shore. He hid in the shadows of the mountain rock forest and slowly walked through it. He would be able to escape this place in a few minutes.

Wang Ji’s subordinates had already been killed by Xu Tui. The only one left was basically crippled.

Even if Wang Ji went ashore alone, how big could he search at night?

He was about to escape!

However, Xu Tui had not even reached 100 meters from the shore when five beams of light suddenly flew over from afar. When it got closer, he saw five repulsive-force flying cars.

Wang Ji’s subordinate immediately went forward. After a brief exchange, Wang Ji’s subordinate immediately contacted Wang Ji, who was still searching for Xu Tui in the sea.

“Captain Wang, Agassi has brought reinforcements over.”

Wang Ji’s subordinate’s voice drifted into Xu Tui’s ears through the sea breeze.

In the next moment, Wang Ji, who was searching in the sea, directly stepped on the waves. In just ten seconds, he crossed hundreds of meters and went up the cliff.

“Agassi!”

Xu Tui thought about the name with hatred. He immediately retreated back to the cliff and the sea.

Including Agassi himself, there were 20 of them! It instantly made up for Wang Ji’s lack of manpower. What was worse was that Wang Ji’s side had another Genetic Evolution Realm expert!

Professor Agassi was also an expert in the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The opportunity Xu Tui had just seen to escape instantly dissipated. His only consolation was that Agassi, an expert in the Genetic Evolution Realm, was an Extreme Branch Professor who specialized in the speed of neural reactions. He was not from the Mystery Branch.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have fallen into despair.

“Agassi, how many water-type supernatural beings do you have with you?”

“There are two water-type supernatural beings, two earth-type supernatural beings, and one fire-type supernatural being.” Agassi brought five supernatural beings.

“Alright, water-type supernatural beings, go into the water and search. The rest of you, search the area.”

In an instant, the headlights of the six repulsive-force flying cars on the cliff were all turned on. The lights gathered together and immediately formed a bright area.

The bright area began to move slowly.

Xu Tui, who had escaped back into the sea, had completely given up on the idea of escaping from the cliff.

Agassi and Wang Ji, the two genetic evolvers, were there. There were also 20 genetic mutants or genetic liberators working together.

The possibility of Xu Tui escaping from here had become extremely low.

Before Xu Tui entered the water, he could not see clearly under the night sky. However, the coastline of the cliff here was S-shaped and very long. He was prepared to take the risk and escape to the other side.

With so many people searching, it would not do to get too close to the coast. Moreover, there was no room for maneuver.

Xu Tui swam in the deep water one to two hundred meters away from the coastline. He took the risk and swam into the distance. When he changed his breath, he only dared to change it silently. He could only hope that his luck was not too bad.

If he encountered a large number of underwater mutated creatures, Xu Tui might really be in deep trouble.

After taking a breather, he continued to dive to a depth of 20 meters.

Xu Tui spread his mental perception in all directions when he dived down, he suddenly sensed a huge black shadow. He was shocked when he sensed the huge black shadow. This was definitely a large animal in the sea. Even those that did not mutate were extremely ferocious.

With a thought, Xu Tui used his mind power to help him accurately and quickly leave this area of the sea.

It was dangerous to stay away from this unknown shadow.

However, the moment Xu Tui moved, the huge black shadow seemed to have noticed Xu Tui. It suddenly moved and charged toward Xu Tui at high speed.

Xu Tui charged toward the surface of the sea as he pulled out the mental whip. He cursed inwardly.

An orca!

From the looks of it, it was a mutated orca!

The mutated orca that had rushed near Xu Tui did not seem to be affected by his mental whip. It suddenly swung its tail and created a violent vortex on the spot.

The violent vortex caused Xu Tui to stagger.

Xu Tui was prepared to sink to the bottom of the sea once the power of the vortex was slightly reduced. He would materialize a spike at the bottom of the sea and kill the mutated orca.

But at this moment, something strange happened. The mutated orca did not attack again. It quietly looked at Xu Tui in the water.

It was only then that Xu Tui saw that there was someone crawling on the orca’s back.