Chapter 343 - Feng Qian’S True Identity And Luo Shifeng’S Condition (3)

Chapter 343: Feng Qian’s True Identity and Luo Shifeng’s Condition (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Their true target, or rather, their first target, was Xu Tui.

Luo Shifeng’s threat was still effective!

Luo Shifeng was only two to three meters away from Xu Tui. He really had a chance to kill Xu Tui if he suddenly attacked.

Xu Tui, who was very familiar with Luo Shifeng, also retreated. At the same time, he cooperated with Luo Shifeng with a stunned expression. “Mr. Luo, you!”

“Don’t move. If you move, I’ll kill you!”

Xu Tui instantly stopped.

Wang Ji glared coldly at Luo Shifeng. He could only temporarily stabilize Luo Shifeng. They did not care about Luo Shifeng’s life. However, Xu Tui had to be alive.

“What conditions? Speak!”

“I’ll bring Xu Tui along and surrender, but I want that woman. I want that b*tch, Feng Qian, to be like a slave and come over every day to be whipped and served by me! I want to vent my anger!” Luo Shifeng roared hysterically.

“Alright, I can get her to wait at the side now as long as you and Xu Tui surrender.”

Wang Ji stared at the water-type superb individual.

The water-type supernatural being casually whipped out a water whip and hung Feng Qian, who was hiding in the darkness a hundred meters away.

The water whip was as agile as a snake and tied Feng Qian up. The angle of the binding was extremely tricky and vicious. Feng Qian screamed on the spot.

“Good! After this, I’ll whip her a hundred times!”

Luo Shifeng laughed and looked at Xu Tui. “Surrender with me. You’re not even 19 years old. It’s better to be alive.”

“But…”

“No buts. Don’t they just want the information on the passive genetic chain? Just give it to them. Anyway, the Huaxia Sector would announce it in half a year at most! It’s not worth losing your life!” Luo Shifeng tried his best to persuade him.

Xu Tui hesitated for a while before slowly nodding. “Alright.”

“Come!”

Luo Shifeng took the initiative to extend his hands to let the other party restrain him.

On the distant reef, Wang Ji nodded and gestured slightly. Three of the other ten people walked out when they were neutral. He slowly walked toward Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng with the ultra-fiber lock that specialized in restraining Genetic Evolvers.

The other seven people also approached slightly.

“Xu Tui, you should extend your hand as well,” the other pursuer reminded him. “Also, you are from the Mystery Branch. I have to put on a mind power-shield helmet for you.”

Xu Tui nodded reluctantly and slowly extended his hands.

At this moment, just as the other pursuer was about to lock Luo Shifeng’s wrist with the ultra-fiber foil, Luo Shifeng suddenly exploded. He suddenly thrust his finger forward. The head of the pursuer who came to control him suddenly exploded. He spun like a whirlwind and used his elbow to instantly finish off the other pursuer.

In the blink of an eye, two people were killed.

An earth spike rose from the ground without any warning. It directly skewered the pursuers who had come to restrain Xu Tui.

A scream rang out. Wang Ji and the water-type supernatural being’s expressions changed. With a light wave of his hand, more than a dozen water whips appeared in the sky like the tentacles of an octopus and lashed at Luo Shifeng from all directions.

At the same time, a wave of mist spread toward Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng from the ground.

Luo Shifeng had already taken out his saber and dagger. He spun like a whirlwind, shocking the seven pursuers who were about to attack. Their expressions changed, and they took the opportunity to cut off the dozen or so water whips of the water-type supernatural being.

Bang!

The moment Xu Tui attacked the seven ordinary pursuers, Wang Ji kicked the wound on Luo Shifeng’s back with lightning speed.

The energy field erupted.

This kick caused Luo Shifeng’s back to become a bloody mess. Blood splattered from the wound. However, at this moment, Luo Shifeng suddenly roared. The huge wound on his back quickly squirmed and healed.

The muscles around his body expanded rapidly, and the energy field fluctuations around him also began to increase rapidly.

Wang Ji and the water-element supernatural being exclaimed at the same time.

“The Genetic Chain Fission Elixir!”

At the same time, Luo Shifeng’s speed suddenly reached an extreme. It was as if time had stopped for a moment.

Time Distortion!

In this extremely short period of time, Luo Shifeng, who had completed the fission of the genetic chain in his body, suddenly turned around and hugged the right leg that was about to hit him.

He was about to tear Wang Ji’s right leg apart. However, Wang Ji’s reaction was also extremely shocking. His legs exploded with energy as he kicked at Luo Shifeng.

Luo Shifeng had no choice but to throw it away. The energy field erupted and instantly grabbed Wang Ji’s right leg, throwing him far away like a cannonball.

At the same time, Luo Shifeng suddenly exerted strength and charged towards the water-type supernatural expert like a cannonball.

Blood gushed out from the wound on his back.@@novelbin@@

Luo Shifeng’s roar sounded.

“Xu Tui, come with me. Help me!”

Without hesitation, Xu Tui’s Silver Pill turned around and attacked the seven genetic mutant-level pursuers. Xu Tui himself followed behind Luo Shifeng, who was charging toward the water-type supernatural being.