Chapter 340 - Good Cooperation

Chapter 340: Good Cooperation

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Sing-Malaysia Sector, Lion City, in Li Cheng’s villa.

Li Zifeng was standing beside Li Jin and reporting.@@novelbin@@

“Director, Old Wang’s report has already started. However, those people from Niyah District are a little useless. They were discovered by the target in advance and abandoned the flying car to escape. Old Wang and the others have already chased after them,” Li Zifeng said.

“Then you can command. This time, we have to do our best! The old man doesn’t have much time left. He’s already anxious. I have to show him our stance,” Li Cheng said.

“Understood.”

Li Zifeng nodded. “However, Target is suspicious. I’m afraid he has already informed the Huaxia Sector. There might be trouble in the future.”

“Trouble?”

Li Jin smiled and shook his head. “Do you know why I arranged the timing after Shamera attacked? It was to avoid these troubles. The area around the Niyah Sector was already in a mess. If something happened, even if the Huaxia Sector wanted to take responsibility, who could they blame? To settle the score with Shamera?”

“You’re right, Director. However, the Huaxia Sector has become more and more aggressive over the years. They have done a lot of things that don’t require evidence but only about conscience.” Li Zifeng reminded him again.

“That’s true.”

Li Jin suddenly laughed. “In that case, let’s muddy the waters.”

“Director, what do you mean?” Li Zifeng was confused.

“Go. Go through some special channels and spread the news that Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng were temporarily lost in the vicinity of Niyah because of Shamera’s chaos. I believe that many people would want to capture Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng alive after receiving this news.

“They would be able to obtain most of the information on the passive genetic chain of the Huaxia Sector’s reaction speed that was still kept a secret after an injection of Truth Serum.

Tell me, how many alliances and sectors would be tempted?”

Li Zifeng’s expression instantly changed when he heard this. Once this news spread, any sector or alliances that had any ideas would take action. Even if they did not deliberately pursue them, couldn’t they send some people to try their luck?

Once they obtained the information on the passive genetic chain, not only would it be valuable, but they would also be able to save billions of dollars in the future!

“Director, you’re too smart! This way, even if the Huaxia Sector wants to investigate in the future, they won’t be able to prove that it’s us,” Li Zifeng said.

Li Jin smiled and nodded. To be able to sit in his position, it was impossible without some real skills.

“I’ll do it immediately!”

…

“Boss, there are energy fluctuations coming from that direction. They should have escaped in that direction.” The two repulsive flying cars that were chasing after Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng stopped for a moment in front of the ruins of the fireball that the repulsive flying car had destroyed. They then chased after Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng.

The speed of the repulsive force flying skateboard was completely incomparable to the repulsive force flying car.

Soon, they caught up.

However, when Toro and the others caught up, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng had already landed in a valley with many trees.

In the dark night, the flying car could not descend at close range.

“Qian’er, hide well. No matter what happens, don’t make a sound.”

Luo Shifeng instructed and suddenly smiled at Xu Tui. “They have two genetic evolvers and six genetic mutants. You don’t need me to teach you how to choose, do you?”

“Understood.” Xu Tui nodded.

“Buy me five minutes!”

“I’ll attack first,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Luo Shifeng stared at Xu Tui. He was stunned for a moment before he nodded.

Luo Shifeng glanced in the direction where Feng Qian was hiding. He took a light step forward. Suddenly, he seemed to have disappeared into the darkness.

At this moment, Toro’s voice suddenly sounded.

“Professor Luo, do you have a misunderstanding? Why did you suddenly kill our people and abandon the car?”

“Misunderstanding?”

Luo Shifeng sneered. “How do you explain the tracking device?”

“This… If I say that Lord Shamera wants to meet you in secret, would you believe me?” Toro tried to stall for time, but he was secretly directing them towards the direction of the voice.

Toro split the eight of them into groups of two and slowly approached them in a semi-circle.

Toro did not want to attack immediately. What he wanted to do was to stall for time and trap Luo Shifeng and the others. He would drag it out until the real needy appeared.

At that time, their mission would be considered completed.

“Toro, I don’t care who wants to see us. Give us a flying car and let us leave. I’ll remember this favor. You’ll definitely benefit in the future.” Luo Shifeng’s voice sounded again.

“This… What benefits can you give me?” Toro started to talk to Luo Shifeng as if he was stalling for time.

However, at this moment, the two team members on the east side of Toro suddenly felt something amiss.

Before either of them could look up, the two of them seemed to have been hit by a mountain at the same time. They suddenly fell to the ground and twitched, their bodies covered in blood!

“Supernatural abilities?”

Toro was shocked. At this moment, he did not have many choices. They could either retreat or attack!

However, Luo Shifeng did not give him a chance to choose.

The moment Xu Tui launched his attack, a bright light suddenly erupted from the shadows on the ground. Luo Shifeng was like a ghost as he jumped up from the ground and kicked the other Genetic Evolver.

With every kick, there was the sound of thunder and a blinding light.

The worst thing was that Luo Shifeng was extremely fast. It was so fast that it was strange!

The Genetic Evolver did not even have time to react before he was sent flying by Luo Shifeng’s kick.

Toro roared angrily and rushed towards Luo Shifeng, who was not far away. He did not forget to command the others.

“Look for Xu Tui. Don’t let him escape! Be careful. This kid might have a hidden superpower.”

Out of the four genetic mutants who were charging toward Xu Tui, three of them were extreme-type while the other was a water-type supernatural being.

However, at the same time, several silver lights screamed and danced in the sky.

The water-type supernatural being’s expression changed. He had just raised a thick water shield when he heard a whistling sound.

The water-type supernatural being instinctively wanted to dodge, but with the speed of the flying sword, it was already too late when the sound rang out. There was a pain in the back of his head, and the water-type supernatural being lost consciousness.

At the same time, Xu Tui raised his hands. Two earth spikes shot out of the ground without warning.

One of the genetic mutants reacted extremely quickly. He leaped into the air almost as soon as the spike was thrust out. He avoided the spike just as the other genetic mutant was skewered.

However, his luck ended here.

They were already within 44 meters of Xu Tui.

A mental whip landed on his head. His body froze as a silver ball pierced through his brain.

The remaining genetic mutant was shocked. He turned around and tried to distance himself from Xu Tui.

However, the moment he turned around, he was swallowed by four silver lights.

Feng Qian, who was hiding in the col tens of meters away, was extremely shocked. It had only been less than a minute, but Xu Tui had already finished off six genetic mutants.

This was too amazing!

Most importantly, Feng Qian did not see how a few genetic mutants died.

Luo Shifeng and Toro, who were fighting a hundred meters away, also noticed this scene.

Toro’s expression changed drastically, but Luo Shifeng laughed out loud. “Xu Tui, leave with Feng Qian first. I’ll go after you after I deal with this fellow.”

“Okay!

Just as Xu Tui readily agreed, a silver light suddenly roared at high speed from afar. It turned into a stream of light and shot toward Toro.

This was the first time Xu Tui had attacked a Genetic Evolver in his life. He was well-prepared.

Xu Tui had increased the speed of the silver pill to its maximum from more than 100 meters away. Then, it suddenly shot toward Toro. He had a feeling that Toro would be severely injured.

However, the moment he was hit by the silver pill, Toro suddenly flicked his finger. A finger shadow exploded with a bright light and directly deflected Xu Tui’s silver pill.

Under the huge impact, the silver pill was directly shattered.

However, due to the disturbance, Toro began to divert his attention to Xu Tui. After all, Xu Tui’s attack just now had caused him some trouble. He could not help but slow down.

Almost at the same time, the saber shadow in Luo Shifeng’s palm suddenly exploded.

In an instant, Toro’s entire body was covered by the saber shadows in Luo Shifeng’s palm. The sound of air explosions and the brilliance of the energy field exploded.

The shadows parted.

Luo Shifeng panted slightly, but Toro held the big hole in his chest where his heart was. He looked extremely pained.

In the next moment, Toro turned around and fled without hesitation.

However, Toro, who had just turned around to increase his speed, suddenly sensed that there seemed to be a huge mountain in front of him. Just as he was about to hit it, he suddenly slowed down.

Luo Shifeng followed closely behind. With a flash of his saber, Toro’s head shot into the sky. The blood in his neck spurted ten feet high.

Luo Shifeng gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Haha, it feels great to cooperate with you. I couldn’t tell that you’d gotten stronger recently. In two minutes, collect the food, water, medicine, and useful equipment that they carry with them. Then, leave this place. Get into position and wait for rescue!” Luo Shifeng said.

Although Luo Shifeng was usually very elite, at this moment, he was like a veteran who had been around for many years. He instantly pounced forward and started to plunder Toro’s luggage.

Unfortunately, Toro’s two repulsive-force flying cars definitely had a locator. They even had a remote locking function. Otherwise, it would be easier to leave.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, who had looted a portion of the supplies, determined their direction. Luo Shifeng carried Feng Qian like a large animal and ran toward the complicated terrain where the mountains and seas met in the distance.

Not only was the terrain complicated, but there was also the sound of the waves in the sea. It was extremely convenient to hide there.

The sea, in particular, could isolate scent tracking.

It was an excellent escape route!

“Qian’er, I was powerful just now, right?”

As he ran, Luo Shifeng did not forget to brag to his girlfriend.

“Brother Feng, there’s so much light in the sky!” Feng Qian suddenly said.

“It’s normal. Today, the Niyah Sector is in turmoil. All kinds of immortals might come over to interfere. No, one is particularly bright. It seems to be coming for us.”

Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui looked up at the same time.

“It might be a short-range guided missile. Dodge!”

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng cried out in surprise. The two of them instantly separated and used all their strength to pounce toward the low-lying areas in different directions.

However, the moment the two of them pounced out, the short-range missile that was flashing with a dazzling light suddenly exploded above Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng.

A circle of electromagnetic light visible to the naked eye rippled.

Sizzle!

The temperature of Xu Tui’s personal communication device suddenly rose to a fever.