Chapter 355 - The First Wave Of Sacrifice

Chapter 355: The First Wave of Sacrifice

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Ever since he had been monitored by a commercial satellite during his last mission, Xu Tui had paid a lot of attention to this aspect.

Previously, when Wang Ji was being tortured by Xu Tui, his head had suddenly exploded. It could basically be confirmed that it was because of the fifth-generation Sorcerer auxiliary chip. It was exactly the same as the death of Yaksha who had robbed Xu Tui during the mission.

Xu Tui could basically confirm that the mastermind behind the two incidents was most likely the same person.

Xu Tui did not know who the mastermind was. However, he definitely held a high position. Otherwise, it was impossible for him to have so many resources.

The fifth-generation auxiliary control sorcerer chip was something that could control life and death. It was not something that could be implanted by anyone.

With this judgment, Xu Tui became even more careful. His decision to not let the mutated orca, Little Tiger, surface was completely correct.

Twenty meters underwater, Xu Tui found the mutated orca, Little Tiger.

Little Tiger listened to Xu Tui’s instructions and only captured Agassi alive. It was fine as long as he could control him. He had to keep him alive.

However, Agassi was merely alive at this moment.

TTwo rows of huge teeth from Little Tiger appeared from his chest to lower abdomen and thighs and had formed a row of neat tooth holes.

Fortunately, Little Tiger avoided his vital parts. However, with such a huge hole in his body at the same time, only Agassi, who was a Genetic Evolution Realm expert, had strong vitality. Otherwise, he would have died long ago.

However, Agassi, who was bleeding non-stop, was almost dead. He was almost at the point where he could not breathe.

“Little Tiger, give me a water bubble.”

Xu Tui tried to communicate with Little Tiger using his mind power according to what Shamera had taught him. Then, Little Tiger spat out the Agassi in its mouth. With a shake of its head, a huge bubble enveloped Xu Tui and Agassi.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He gave Agassi two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and started treating him.

Agassi woke up three minutes later. He looked at Xu Tui in front of him and the huge shadow of the mutated orca in the distance with a terrified expression.

“If you want a quick death, answer my question.”

Xu Tui was very direct. He did not waste any time. He pulled out Agassi’s short blade and stabbed it into Agassi’s chest muscle. Without further ado, the blade began to spin and dig deeper.

Agassi, who had just woken up, grimaced in pain.

Two minutes later, Agassi fainted on the spot. Any place with slightly thicker flesh would have their skin and flesh turned over.

Xu Tui did not care. He used his mind power to guide a wave of seawater over and pour over it. He even stirred it with his hands.

Agassi woke up from the pain again amidst his miserable screams.

“Do you think this is already the worst? No, this is just the beginning!”

Then, Xu Tui started to treat Agassi under Agassi’s gaze. The wound that had just curled up began to heal at an astonishing speed. The bone-piercing tingling sensation all over his body was another form of torture for Agassi.

But that was not what scared Agassi more. It was his rapidly recovering wounds. He already understood what Xu Tui wanted to do.

A circulation!

He kept repeating the process of this torture.

Agassi’s eyes filled with indescribable fear. Suddenly, Agassi understood what Xu Tui had told him when he first woke up.

“If you want a quick death, answer me.”

Agassi had always believed that since death was predestined, what was there to fear? But now, Agassi felt that he was wrong.

Death was also divided into pleasure and unhappiness!

When the flesh on his chest was turned over by the blade again, Agassi gasped and roared, “Ask and I’ll answer!”

Agassi made his choice.

He was just blinded by greed and did something along the way. He did not expect that he would be implicated in the end. There was nothing to insist on.

“Who instructed you to invite us to do an academic report?”

“I happen to be in charge of the normal academic exchange arrangements in our school!”

Sizzle!

The blade in Xu Tui’s hand spun again. Agassi screamed in pain.

“I… I’m telling the truth!”

“Your Niyah Genetic Evolution College asked you to betray our tracks and ambush us?”

“After that… someone contacted me after I sent you an invitation.”

“Who?”

“Wang Ji.”

When Agassi saw Xu Tui’s expression change, he quickly added, “It’s really Wang Ji. He promised to give me a sum of money and a gram of Origin Crystal Extraction Liquid. I can’t refuse.”

“Is that all?”

“That’s all. However, they only asked me to adjust the time for you to come over and do your academic report according to their wishes. At the same time, install the positioning devices they provided on the flying vehicles that are transporting you. They also designated the captain of the guards.”

“Do you know who Wang Ji is and what his background is?”

Agassi had just shaken his head when the sharp blade in Xu Tui’s hand started to spin wildly again. “F*ck, are you f*cking kidding me? You would work with someone you don’t understand at all? You would take his money and things? Are you stupid, Professor, or am I?”

“Stop… Stop… There’s something. I know a little about him…”

“Speak!”

“He’s a supplier of some of the cultivation consumables in our school. He has a rather large company under his name. He also controls the underground market near our school.”

“You believe that? You easily betrayed someone from the Huaxia Sector?”

“It’s said that he has a big shot behind him. He has a big shot backing him. Furthermore, his reputation is outstanding!”

“I need something useful. Otherwise, I have plenty of time to play with you until you have a mental breakdown.” Xu Tui’s tone was filled with murderous intent.

“He’s very capable. He has connections with the higher-ups of our Niyah Genetic Committee and has connections with the political and business figures of our Niyah. However, the person behind him is hidden very deeply. I really don’t know who is behind him. However, I have a very small discovery that I might be able to deduce.”

“Speak!”

“In the underground market that he controls, there is a medicinal product called the Deep Sea Electric Eel Genetic Information Fluid. After the genetic base point mutation was successful, one would obtain the underwater discharge ability. The success rate of this medicine was very low, and the underwater discharge ability was not strong. However, there were basically no side effects, let alone fatal side effects. Therefore, it was very popular and could be said to be priceless.

“This medicine was currently the signature product of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. Due to its popularity and limited production, the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee implemented targeted quota sales on it. Other than the few designated sales companies in Sing-Malaysia Sector, it was very difficult for other companies to obtain it.@@novelbin@@

“However, a few of them would appear in Wang Ji’s underground market from time to time,” Agassi said while panting.

“Are you saying that Wang Ji is related to the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee?”

“It’s possible! But it’s also possible that he obtained the popular medicine from another source.”

When he was done, Agassi asked tentatively, “I’ve told you everything I know. Can you give me a chance to live?”

“No!”

Xu Tui rejected him coldly. “However, I can give you a quick death later.”

“I’ll give you all my money to buy my life. Is that okay?” At this moment, Agassi was extremely afraid of death!

“Turn on your personal communication device. I want to send a message.”

Agassi sensed that Xu Tui’s attitude seemed to have loosened a little. He felt that there was hope for survival, so he cooperated. Then, Xu Tui used Agassi’s personal communication device to send a message to An Xiaoxue. He sent her his location.

An Xiaoxue replied very quickly. “I’ll be nearby. I’ll be there in half an hour!”

“Really. I did something wrong, but I really want to live. Wang Ji gave me 10 million yuan as a reward, and I have more than 6 million yuan in savings. I can give it all to you!” Agassi wanted to live.

Xu Tui stared coldly at Agassi. “My personal communication device is broken.”

“I can transfer it directly to your personal account. You can check if it arrives or not on my account.”

“Transfer it then.” Xu Tui gave an account number.

“But how can you guarantee that you’ll let me leave alive?” Agassi wanted to live, but he wasn’t stupid.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui was not willing to talk nonsense with him at this moment. When he heard Agassi’s question, Xu Tui took off Agassi’s communication device and left.

Agassi grew anxious.

“Xu Tui, let’s discuss this further.”

“I don’t have time to talk nonsense with you, nor do I want to negotiate with you. If you want to transfer, transfer. If you don’t, then die!”

Agassi hesitated for only a moment before gritting his teeth. “I’ll transfer! I’ll transfer it immediately! I hope you keep your promise!”

Agassi wanted to gamble on a chance to live. In any case, money would benefit the bank if someone died. He might as well take a gamble. He’ll try to buy his life.

Very quickly, Agassi transferred all of his 16 million yuan into Xu Tui’s personal account. He even asked Xu Tui to check through his personal communication device. It showed that the money had arrived.

“Not bad.”

Xu Tui nodded.

“Then… when will you let me go?” Agassi asked carefully.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he heard that.

“When did I say that you can live if you pay me? If you can revive Mr. Luo Shifeng, I will pay you double the amount!” Xu Tui said sternly.

Agassi was speechless.

“You can’t, can you? If you can’t revive Mr. Luo, I can only take your head and offer the first wave of sacrifices to him!”

In an instant, Agassi’s face turned ashen. He was filled with despair and struggle.

At the same time, Xu Tui had already grabbed Agassi’s head. He made a circle with his short blade and cut off Agassi’s head.

Luo Shifeng should like this first wave of offerings!

“Let’s go. Bring me to Shamera.”

Xu Tui did not know where Shamera was hiding at the bottom of the sea.

Little Tiger held the bubble wrapped around Xu Tui in its mouth. It swam in the deep sea for a few minutes before it found Shamera. It threw Xu Tui into the bubble that Shamera was in.

“Not bad.”

Shamera gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Decisive, ruthless, and a little shameless! These should be able to let you live longer in the future.”

“My teacher will come and fetch me in half an hour,” Xu Tui said.

“Then I guess we have to split up.” Shamera sighed. “Thank you for saving me.”

“I have to thank you too. You taught me a lot and gave me the first chance to kill my enemy.” Xu Tui also thanked him.

Hearing this, Shamera nodded. “Since you want to thank me, help me do one more thing. Take it as a thank you!”

Xu Tui raised his head in shock and stared at Shamera with a disdainful gaze.

Shamera didn’t care at all. Instead, he said innocently, “You were the one who said that you were very grateful to me, so I took the opportunity to make a request.”

“Old Sha, it seems like you’re even more shameless than I thought. You’re really a little shameless. I was just being polite. We shouldn’t owe each other anything now!”

“That’s right. We don’t owe each other anything now. However, there are benefits to doing something for me.” Shamera said seriously. At the end, he added, “Don’t look down on shameless people. A shameless person usually lives a more comfortable life.”