Chapter 358 - Even If The Chance Is Small, I Have To Try (2)

Chapter 358: Even if the Chance Is Small, I Have to Try (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was not information about the passive abilities of the reaction-type genetic ability chain. However, even though Luo Shifeng had determined this, he still decisively used his life to open a path for Xu Tui.

He had given Xu Tui a chance at survival.

Now that he thought about it, how could Xu Tui not feel sad?

How could it not hurt!

After a long while, Xu Tui’s silent tears drenched the clothes on An Xiaoxue’s chest. His hands, which were covered in blood, left bloody marks on An Xiaoxue’s back.

However, An Xiaoxue did not mind at all. She hugged Xu Tui firmly and patted his shoulder gently. Her cold and beautiful face was filled with gentleness.

“Miss An…”

The silent tears allowed Xu Tui to vent his grief, but it also made him even angrier.

Which mastermind was constantly plotting against him? If Xu Tui found him…

“Eat these five chocolate crispy sharks first to replenish your body’s energy. It’s not enough to just drink the Energy Restoration Elixir. I left the house in a hurry. That was the only thing in the car. We’ll talk after you eat this.”

An Xiaoxue stopped Xu Tui with her words. She peeled open the crispy shark and brought it to Xu Tui’s mouth.

Xu Tui was stunned. The corners of his mouth, which had already cracked open, opened slightly as he started chewing. He had been extremely nervous earlier, so he did not feel hungry at all.

At this moment, hunger and weakness surged in his body like a tide.

He ate the five crispy sharks that An Xiaoxue brought and drank a bottle of water. Although he was still very hungry, he felt much more comfortable.

“The people from the Special Intelligence Division are already here. They are already searching the surrounding corpses and battle traces to see if they can find anything useful,” An Xiaoxue said softly.

Xu Tui nodded. Professional matters should be left to the professionals.

The Special Intelligence Division was a lot more professional when it came to searching for details and tracing the source.

“Director An, Researcher Xu, I’m Hu Tianshi, the captain of the special operations team of the Capital Special Intelligence Division. I’ll be responsible for your safety from now on. I believe you’ll be fine.” A man in a dark jacket took the initiative to greet them.@@novelbin@@

“Captain Hu, are there any gains that can determine the identity of the attacker?” An Xiaoxue asked.

Hu Tianshi shook his head slowly.

“There’s a group of people whose identities are very obvious. They’re from Niyah, but they’re useless. The other group involves the mastermind behind this. They’ve obviously been dealt with professionally.

“All of their personal belongings, clothing, and weapons were specially customized or specially processed. They have no retrospective value,” Hu Tianshi said.

“Not even technical methods?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

Hu Tianshi shook his head again. “If we can’t find any traceable items or clues, we won’t be able to use any technical means.”

“So you still can’t find the mastermind?”

“According to the current results of the search, we basically didn’t find anything specific. Of course, whether we can analyze and find the mastermind depends on the final conclusion of the intelligence department. At the moment, it’s extremely difficult.”

After saying that, Hu Tianshi paused and asked, “Director An, Researcher Xu, if there’s nothing else, let’s hurry back. Due to the Shamera coup, the surroundings are in turmoil. Order has yet to be restored. It’s better to leave as soon as possible.”

An Xiaoxue did not say anything. Instead, she looked at Xu Tui.

“If the mastermind attacks me again, what are the chances of him sending out a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert?” Xu Tui suddenly asked without rhyme or reason.

“There aren’t many cultivators at the Genetic Transmutation Realm, especially those on the Blue Star. Most of them are well-known. If the mastermind were to mobilize the experts from the Genetic Transmutation Realm, the possibility of being exposed would be very high.

“Based on the situation of the wave of attackers you killed, they had made ample preparations before coming. It was so that even if something went wrong, his identity would not be discovered. The possibility of the mastermind sending out a Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivator should be relatively low.

“Moreover, the people of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division are not to be trifled with.”

Hu Tianshi analyzed the situation confidently. After he was done, he suddenly realized that there was something wrong with Xu Tui’s question. They were about to take Xu Tui back. Why would the mastermind send people to attack them?

“I want to take a gamble!”

Xu Tui’s sudden shocking words caused Hu Tianshi to frown.

“I want to return alone and act as bait to see if the enemy will attack again. If the enemy attacks again, we might be able to get some clues,” Xu Tui said.

“That won’t do! That’s even more impossible!”

Hu Tianshi was the first to object.

“First of all, the mastermind is not stupid. The possibility of him sending people to hunt us down is very low. Moreover, the mastermind was also very cautious. If they wanted to send someone, they would have sent someone long ago.

“Secondly, your safety comes first. You must not take any risks!”

Xu Tui sneered. “Safety first! I’ve already been ambushed twice. Wang Ji’s head had also suddenly exploded. It was obvious that he was in cahoots with the previous group of people. Do you mean that I’ll stay in the capital from now on and never leave the house? Also, I want to avenge Mr. Luo! I can’t let go of even the slightest chance!”

Xu Tui pointed at Luo Shifeng’s body with a determined expression.

Hu Tianshi was a little embarrassed by Xu Tui’s rebuke.

“If you’re willing to take the risk, I’ll support you! There’s no such thing as guarding against a thief for a thousand days.” An Xiaoxue suddenly voiced her support for Xu Tui.

Clearly, An Xiaoxue had also realized something.

“However, the probability is really low. Moreover, once the mastermind really sends more people, the risk will be very high!” Hu Tianshi said sincerely.

“First, according to what you said, Captain Hu, all of the belongings of these attackers were handled very cleanly. We did not find any items or clues of any analytical value. Originally, they could have obtained the support of the Niyah Regional Genetic Committee.

“However, there happened to be a coup in the Niyah District. It fell into a state of chaos and was unable to provide you with effective analysis data and intelligence. Under such circumstances, the possibility of you going back and finding the mastermind was basically zero.

“If the mastermind doesn’t make a move against me in the future, won’t we never be able to find the culprit who ambushed and killed Mr. Luo?”

“That’s possible.” Hu Tianshi nodded.

“Secondly, I feel that the mastermind wants to capture me alive. Therefore, even if they really send a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, my life will not be in danger. I even have a certain reaction time.”

Xu Tui extended a third finger as he spoke. “Of course, this is also the most important point. It was still for safety.

“If the mastermind was determined to deal with me, then when we went back together, it’s very likely that we would be wiped out with a long-range weapon. I felt that the mastermind had the ability and capability to do so.

“However, if we split up, the mastermind would be wary and not dare to kill us. If their satellites were not watching this place, the mastermind would have more options. He might choose another opportunity to attack me, or he might stop temporarily.

“If the mastermind attacks me again, that will be our chance,” Xu Tui said.

“That makes sense. Although the chances are slim, we can still try.” An Xiaoxue was the first to express her support for Xu Tui.

“This… I need to ask Director Tian,” Hu Tianshi said.

It was obvious that Hu Tianshi felt that what Xu Tui said made sense. However, he had to ask the higher-ups for instructions.

Hu Tianshi immediately called Tian Suqing.

Five minutes later, Hu Tianshi, who had finished asking for instructions, said to Xu Tui, “Director Tian said that in terms of safety, your statement is valid.

“We can do as you say, but you can’t be alone. You have to have someone accompanying you.”

“Sure!”

Such a request was normal.

“Captain Hu, help me unlock one of the repulsive-force flying cars brought by Wang Ji and the others. Since I’m going to be bait, I’ll have to put the bait next to the enemy’s mouth and see if they can hold back,” Xu Tui said.

“No problem!”