Chapter 350 - Supernatural Weapon

Chapter 350: Supernatural Weapon

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“You were prepared?”

Shamera glanced at Xu Tui. “You can say that. I subdued Little Tiger a long time ago. After I returned yesterday, I did place some important things with Little Tiger. Little Tiger, spit out that bag of gadgets,” Shamera suddenly said.

Xu Tui, who had seen the mutated orca spit out another bubble, suddenly realized another problem.

“You’ve already placed something important with Little Tiger. Doesn’t that mean that you realized that you might fail before you carried out the coup?” Xu Tui asked.

“I have to correct you. It’s not that I might fail. It’s that my coup will definitely fail!” Shamera said.

Xu Tui was startled.

Shamera looked at Xu Tui’s stunned expression and suddenly laughed.

“Do you still want to ask why I want to carry out a coup that is destined to fail?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“Little Tiger, give me another bottle of wine.”

Shamera threw the leather bag in front of Xu Tui, but he took a bottle of wine from the bubble that Little Tiger had spat out.

It was a high-quality liquor from the Huaxia Sector. After unscrewing it, Shamera took a big gulp himself.

“Your Huaxia Sector is the best. The items are also good!”

Shamera swirled the bottle. His voice was low.

“I have three older brothers, two younger brothers, two older sisters, and one younger sister. I have a lot of siblings, don’t I?” Shamera suddenly mentioned his family matters. Xu Tui did not understand.

“Indeed. I’m the only child in my family.”

“The same.”

you are reading on our content copy site.Please copy and search this link " /39hpcn6j " to support us

“What’s the same?”

“Actually, we’re both the only child.”

Xu Tui was stunned. Then, he seemed to have thought of something and froze.

“There were a total of nine of us. Now, I’m the only one left. Five of them lost their lives before they turned 18.”

“How did that happen?”

“Do you know what the most common thing my parents and neighbors said?”

“What is it?”

“They hate that they were not born in Huaxia!”

Xu Tui’s jaw dropped. He was stunned.

“Do you feel shocked? Let me tell you, the Genetic Liberation Elixir in your Huaxia Sector only has a 0.05% chance of bone collapse after injection, right? But do you know how much we had back then?

“Five percent! The genomic breakdown rate of the Genetic Liberation Elixir used by our Niyah is 5%!”

“Oh, f*ck!” Xu Tui cried out involuntarily.

5%! The rate of genomic collapse was almost comparable to decimation.

“That’s impossible, right? Aren’t the standards of the Blue Star’s Genetic Liberation Elixir unified? Even the worst of them only has a 0.1% chance of genomic collapse, right?” Xu Tui was stunned.

Shamera smiled sadly. “That’s why you Huaxia people don’t understand! The standards of the Blue Star Genetic Liberation Elixir are uniform. However, the manufacturers were not unified. Moreover, in order to allow the injector to activate more genetic base points, some genetic committees began to use Level A or even Level A+ Genetic Liberation Elixirs.

“However, in order to reduce the cost, they reduced the stable components of genetic information. This resulted in a surprisingly high rate of genomic breakdown among the youths in the Niyah Sector after they were injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir. There were geniuses who came out of it!

“Of course, that was only part of it.

“That was because the Genetic Committee did not have enough restrictions on certain organizations. There were all kinds of illegal drug tests and even human trials. Four of my siblings died from such drug trials,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui was stunned. Although he thought that such a thing might happen, he was still shocked to hear it with his own ears.

“Were they forced? Why didn’t the Blue Star Genetic Committee care?”

“Forced? No, they all volunteered!”

“Why did they volunteer?”

“To earn the remuneration they provide, of course. To survive.”

Shamera gave Xu Tui a strange look. “Look, you Huaxia people don’t understand these things at all.”

Xu Tui fell silent when he heard that. What Shamera said was rather emotional. It seemed to be shaping his heroic persona.

Xu Tui was no longer a child who could be deceived with just three sentences.

“Of course, what I just said was just a starting point. I’m not that great either, but I just want to try and change things. Whether it’s the extra-terrestrial or the Blue Planet, it’s time for a change.”

Xu Tui suddenly thought of Shi Hong when he heard the word ‘change’. He recalled what Shi Hong had said about the changing times.

“Are you from The Myth?” Xu Tui suddenly asked subconsciously.

“I was, but I publicly withdrew from The Myth five years ago,” Shamera said.

This information was a little too much.

Xu Tui sorted out his thoughts and suddenly realized something unusual.

“Publicly withdraw? Do you mean that The Myth has nothing to do with you? Or could it be that the coup you launched is actually an attempt by The Myth?” Xu Tui asked.

“You can think that, but I won’t admit it.”

As he spoke, Shamera took another gulp of wine. “Alright, young man, don’t think too far ahead. Thinking too far ahead will only bring you despair! There are some things that even I don’t understand inside and outside the Blue Star, including the current extraterrestrial battlefield. Don’t think too much about it.”

“Extraterrestrial? What exactly is there?” Xu Tui asked.

“There are confidentiality rules, so I can’t…”@@novelbin@@

“You’ve already started a coup. Do you still care about the confidentiality regulations?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s not a confidentiality regulation in the literal sense. It’s a very mysterious confidentiality regulation! You can think of it as a confidentiality regulation that is deeply implanted into the subconscious. You can also think of it as a spiritual contract!” Shamera said.

“Alright, if you want to know, you should increase your strength as soon as possible. You will know everything if you take a look outside. It’s not that I want to say this, but with your current strength, if you were to go to the extra-terrestrial, there was a 90% chance that you would die prematurely. So, pick a few of the things here.”

Shamera emptied the contents of the leather bag he had just taken out. It was a pile of things that did not look bright at first glance, but upon closer inspection, there was a shocking brilliance.

The smallest was the size of a millet, and the largest was the size of a peanut. They were all very small.

There were hundreds of them.

“What’s this?”

“You saved my life. I don’t like to owe favors. I don’t know if I’ll have the chance to repay you in the future, so it’s better to return this favor as soon as possible. Consider my thanks to you. You can’t take them all. You can just pick five or six.”

Finally, Shamera added, “This thing is very valuable.”

Looking at Xu Tui’s confused gaze, Shamera slapped his forehead. “Look at me. I forgot that you don’t recognize this.

“Origin crystals! These are Origin Crystals. These were the Origin Crystals of various attributes that I had accumulated through killing quasi-planetary-level extraterrestrial creatures or other methods. This thing was useful for cultivation. Moreover, it will also increase your combat strength to a certain extent.”

As he spoke, Shamera suddenly picked out a diamond-shaped transparent crystal the size of a lotus seed and handed it to Xu Tui.

“This is a relatively pure mind power crystal. It’s best to wear it near your head. When you activate your mind power, activate it slightly. It can increase your mind power by about ten percent,” Shamera said.

Increase mind power by 10%?

This data stunned Xu Tui.

Xu Tui immediately stopped the treatment and let Shamera rest. He directly snatched the transparent mind power crystal. The moment his mind power gently swept past the mind power crystal, he sensed his surroundings.

Xu Tui was surprised to discover that

Fifty meters!

Holding this mind power crystal, the range of his mental perception increased to 50 meters. If he did not take this mind power crystal, his mental perception range would only be 44 meters. The increase was more than 12%!

The effect of this thing was very awesome.

Xu Tui tried again. He realized that it was not just his mental perception that were enhanced. It was also his mind power that was enhanced.

“Don’t be too wasteful.”

Shamera stopped Xu Tui with a smile. “This thing is actually considered a consumable item. Every time you use it, there will be one less use. You can still use this piece a hundred times. Of course, if you can find a high-level mind power engraver in the extra-terrestrial, you can make this thing into a semi-permanent item and increase the enhancement again.”

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the ring that An Xiaoxue was wearing. The ring that An Xiaoxue was wearing should be a semi-permanent item.

“Then this blue Origin Crystal represents water? The earth-yellow one is earth-type? The red one is fire-type? The green one is wood-type? Then what are these colors?”

Xu Tui asked as he rummaged through Shamera’s Origin Crystals.

“Mixed-colored ones are basically metal-attributes. However, apart from cultivation and enhancement, mixed-colored ones have another function. It can upgrade some ordinary weapons into supernatural weapons. It’s even more precious,” Shamera said.

“Upgrade an ordinary weapon to a supernatural weapon?”

Xu Tui had a thought. He immediately took out his flying sword and said, “I want to upgrade my flying sword. Which material should I use?”

Shamera glanced at the flying sword and revealed a slightly shocked expression. “This flying sword of yours is a supernatural weapon. It was just a relatively basic supernatural weapon, but it was more suitable for you. If you want to improve now, this piece should be more suitable.” Shamera picked out a silver Origin Crystal the size of a rice grain.

“How do I enhance it?” Xu Tui asked.

“If it’s simpler, you can directly fuse it with your mind power. Of course, it requires a very powerful mind power. You’re still lacking. I can help you if you need it,” Shamera offered.

“Oh, that’s right. How do I use this to assist in my cultivation?” Xu Tui asked again.

“Auxiliary cultivation is more complicated. It depends on how you use it. For example, water-type supernatural beings could quickly increase their supernatural energy reserves and increase their comprehension of supernatural powers.

“Anyway, cultivation was very useful, but it also depended on luck.

“These Origin Crystals contain some special information about supernatural powers. The owner must also have relevant information about supernatural powers. Only by matching the information can they be used to cultivate…”

Xu Tui’s eyes flickered. Shamera’s words had opened up a new world for him.