Chapter 354 - Another Explosion, Traces

Chapter 354: Another Explosion, Traces

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Blood light exploded from Wang Ji’s hastily thrown iron fist.

The flying sword directly pierced through the layer of energy field that Wang Ji had activated and exploded his fist. The water puppet exerted strength again and instantly pulled Wang Ji who was in pain into the water.

Wang Ji roared angrily!

The energy field erupted at the bottom of the water again, directly tearing the water puppet that was trapping him into pieces. He stomped his feet and erupted with energy again.

Wang Ji wanted to escape from the sea. It was also at this moment that Wang Ji realized that he had underestimated Xu Tui again.

Not only was the lethality of Xu Tui’s flying sword much stronger than he had imagined, he actually had a very powerful water-type superpower.@@novelbin@@

Wang Ji felt that many water puppets formed by water-type supernatural beings in the Genetic Mutation Realm were not as powerful as Xu Tui’s water puppets.

Wang Ji exerted his strength and leaped out of the water like a tiger shark. However, the moment he jumped out of the water, three silver lights blasted at his head!

Wang Ji was shocked!

Xu Tui had destroyed his right fist just now. So Wang Ji had to use his full strength to deal with the three silver beams. Otherwise, what had shattered just now might have been his head.

Originally, Wang Ji could have dodged. However, he had just rushed out of the water and was in an extremely weak state. With his body tilted backward, he could only send a flying kick in an extremely aggrieved manner.

With this flying kick, the energy field drew a fan-shaped trajectory that was visible to the naked eye.

The three silver lights that had just flown over were sent flying by this kick. It was not a flying sword, but three silver pills.

Wang Ji, who had fallen headfirst into the water again, was stunned.

Another water puppet had already pounced out of the water and grabbed Wang Ji again.

Fear suddenly appeared on his face.

Another silver light shot through the water.

Seemingly having thought of something, Wang Ji immediately activated his energy field to defend himself.

With a sharp whistle, a large hole was drilled through Wang Ji’s defensive energy field. The flying sword instantly pierced through his chest. It left a hole the size of a baby’s fist in Wang Ji’s chest.

Under the heavy injuries, Wang Ji’s body was covered in blood. He quickly lost his strength and was dragged to the bottom of the sea by the water puppet.

Wang Ji was about to be killed. However, Xu Tui controlled the water puppet and sent Wang Ji to the surface of the water.

The silver flying sword flashed. It shuttled through the water surface continuously and instantly pierced through Wang Ji’s limbs. He crippled Wang Ji. Now, even if Xu Tui let go of Wang Ji, Wang Ji would not be able to attack Xu Tui.

Cultivators of the Extreme Branch also mainly looked at their physical strength and energy field before they reached the Genetic Transmutation Realm!

“You… What are you doing? Kill me!”

Wang Ji was also a tough guy. Xu Tui’s flying sword had pierced through his body five to six times, but he gritted his teeth and did not cry out in pain.

However, Xu Tui did not care whether he was a tough guy or not. If he did not want to get something out of Wang Ji, Xu Tui would have killed Wang Ji to avenge Luo Shifeng.

On the surface of the water, Xu Tui stared coldly at Wang Ji. Instead, he began to treat Wang Ji and treat his blood. Below the cliff in the distance, the remaining men that Agassi had brought along were extremely shocked when they saw this scene. However, no one dared to enter the sea again.

Not to mention a rescue.

“You might not be afraid of death, but you should know what it means to wish you were dead!”

Xu Tui looked at Wang Ji with a cold expression. “Especially since I can treat you. You won’t die even if you want to.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui held onto the flying sword that had been slightly enlarged by Shamera. The silver sword pierced into Wang Ji’s chest. Then, like cutting pork, he cut from his chest to his lower abdomen.

The corners of Wang Ji’s mouth twitched violently, but he did not make a sound.

“Oh, so you can withstand the pain?”

In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power sensed and materialized Wang Ji’s original quantum frequency.

An all-out materialization!

The huge wound on Wang Ji’s chest and abdomen began to heal at a visible speed. The twitching pain and extreme numbness made Wang Ji let out a muffled groan for the first time.

This feeling was too refreshing. It was too uncomfortable!

“How is it? Does it feel good?”

Xu Tui shouted. He directly controlled the seawater to surge into Wang Ji’s squirming wound, causing Wang Ji to let out another muffled scream.

“Tell me what I want to know! Tell me everything you know. I can give you a quick death. You can even live!”

Xu Tui roared in a low voice. He once again made a deep wound from Wang Ji’s chest to his abdomen. However, he gave Wang Ji another bottle of Energy Restoration Elixir.

“Otherwise, I’ll torture you until you die!”

No matter how tough Wang Ji was, he could not help but twitch at Xu Tui’s actions.

“You… What do you want to know?”

“Who sent you! Where’s Feng Qian? Where did she go? What is her true identity?” Xu Tui shouted.

Wang Ji suddenly smiled when he saw Xu Tui’s handsome face, which was a little distorted from his anger.

A bitter smile appeared on his face. Or rather, it was a mocking smile!

“You want to know? Dream on!”

Wang Ji laughed bitterly. Xu Tui was furious. He was about to torture Wang Ji again when he sensed a violent energy fluctuation coming from Wang Ji’s head.

Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically. A set of words instantly appeared in his mind.

A fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary sorcerer chip!

Wang Ji’s head was similar to the head of the previous bandit, Bandit Yaksha. His head was implanted with the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip.

The moment Xu Tui realized this, a water puppet suddenly rose and stood in front of Xu Tui.

Bang!

Wang Ji’s head also exploded at this moment. It could not be more shattered!

“F*ck your ancestors!”

His interrogation was to no avail. He watched as Wang Ji’s head was destroyed by the fifth-generation sorcerer’s brainwave auxiliary chip. He cursed angrily. However, he became even calmer.

The enemy he was facing should be very powerful. He had a lot of control and organization ability.

A lot of people fit these conditions. He only needed to find the traces and use the elimination method to lock onto a suspicious target.

Xu Tui searched Wang Ji’s corpse but did not find any personal items with obvious markings.

Finally, Xu Tui removed Wang Ji’s communication device. If the wearer died, the communication device would be locked down due to the bioelectricity failure. This was for ordinary people.

Special organizations could unlock it.

On the distant sea cliff, the subordinates that Agassi had brought with him had already fled. Seeing that the situation was not right, they had long fled.

Xu Tui carefully went ashore. He first checked that Luo Shifeng’s body was fine before he searched the other corpses. The bodies of the men that Agassi had brought with him had no search value.

Xu Tui was searching for the corpses of the men that Wang Ji had brought. It was impossible for everyone to be as clean as Wang Ji.

As expected, Xu Tui gained something. He found a few boxes of cigarettes and collected some of the combat weapons and tactical equipment they carried with them. He also found a photo in the inner pocket of one of the dead’s clothes. It should be the family of the deceased.

Xu Tui took pictures of the people who had died in battle. Even if he could not get a confession through interrogation, he had to find the enemy through these traces.

After collecting these supplies, he gathered Luo Shifeng’s body to a safe place and prepared to take him away with him.

Xu Tui found the ring box when he was cleaning up Luo Shifeng’s body. It was the wedding ring that Luo Shifeng had prepared for Feng Qian.

Xu Tui slowly put the pair of wedding rings into his backpack as he looked at the exquisite and sparkling wedding rings.

“Mr. Luo, don’t worry. This Feng Qian harmed you. In the future, I will definitely tie this Feng Qian up and bring her to your grave. I will use her heart’s blood to pay tribute to you!”

Xu Tui muttered to himself and jumped into the sea again.

There was still a captive waiting for Xu Tui to deal with in the sea.