Chapter 352 - Shamera’S Motive

Chapter 352: Shamera’s Motive

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

When Xu Tui woke up again, he felt a sharp pain in his head. He felt as if he had been stepped on by a ferocious beast. His entire body was aching. Not only that, he was shocked to discover that his mind power was almost depleted.

Xu Tui’s mind power had reached 80% before he used the water-type Origin Crystal to cultivate.

“Old Sha, how long have I been unconscious?”

Xu Tui had lost his memory after the remnant aura of the water-type Origin Crystal exploded. He fainted on the spot.

At this moment, Xu Tui finally understood that this should be the remnant of the original owner’s vengeful will or power that Shamera had mentioned.

In short, Xu Tui had successfully cultivated with a water-type Origin Crystal, but he had also suffered a backlash in the end.

“Not long. Half an hour.”

“You… didn’t do anything to me, did you?”

Xu Tui looked at Shamera suspiciously.

Shamera did not react at first. When he did, he spat on Xu Tui’s face.

“I regret it. I should have condensed a water puppet to ravage your body just now. To think that I risked my injuries to help you activate that water-type Origin Crystal.”

It was only then that Xu Tui realized that Shamera’s injuries had become slightly more serious. The six wounds that were only the size of soybeans had doubled in size.

“You’ve worked hard…”

“Don’t thank me. If you thank me, how are we going to settle the matter of you saving my life? This can be considered as me returning the favor of saving my life. It’s paid off!” Shamera waved his hand angrily.

“Petty!”

Xu Tui complained. He suddenly asked, “Old Sha, did I suffer a backlash just now, and then I was fine?”

“How should I put it? You’re the lucky one, yet you’re also the unlucky one.”

“Why do you say that?”

“Generally speaking, most people can only absorb a portion of the water-type Origin Crystal’s energy, so the backlash is actually limited. However, the backlash was enough to make an ordinary person suffer. Even if it’s just a portion, it would be able to severely injure an Absorber of your level on the spot.” Shamera said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He looked at himself and said, “I do feel a little injured, but it’s not to the extent of being seriously injured, right?”

“This is your luck again. You actually absorbed all the energy of the water-type Origin Crystal. As a result, when the remaining information in the water-type Origin Crystal exploded, there was only a remnant of its will, but no corresponding energy. Therefore, it only consumed most of your mind power and did not cause you any serious damage.

“Otherwise, even if 10% or 20% of that power remained, half of your bones would have been broken. Any more, and you’ll probably be dead soon,” Shamera said.

“That dangerous?”

Xu Tui’s expression changed. “Then why did you let me cultivate?”

“No, I didn’t expect you to be able to absorb so much. A normal person would only be able to absorb 20 to 30% of the power, and the remaining will that they absorbed would only be 20 to 30%.

“The remnant will or information power was incomplete to begin with. He had only absorbed 20 to 30% of it when he absorbed it. Even if there was a large amount of power left, it would not cause much damage. In any case, his life would not be in danger.

“I didn’t expect you to absorb everything! Fortunately, you had absorbed all of it. That’s why you’re safe!”

Xu Tui only understood what Shamera meant after he thought about it.

“It seems that using this Origin Crystal to cultivate is also very dangerous.”

Shamera glared at Xu Tui in dissatisfaction when he heard that. “Kid, you still don’t understand. Without my help, this Water-type Origin Crystal is like a rock to you. It has no effect on you. I’ve repaid your life-saving favor!”

“Yes, you’ve repaid it.”

Xu Tui quickly nodded. He suddenly looked at the pile of Origin Crystals that Shamera had poured out.

“That’s right. You told me to pick five or six pills,” Xu Tui said as he looked at Shamera.

“Yeah, pick it.”

Shamera looked generous.

“How many can I pick?”

“Five or six. You can pick what you want. It can’t be too much.”

“Does it include the one I used?”

Shamera stared at Xu Tui, then slowly shook his head. “No.”

“This… Forget it, I think I’m too greedy. Don’t kill me in your anger…”

“Forget it if you don’t want it!”

Shamera pretended to put away the Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui did not stop him.

Shamera’s expression became a little strange when she saw that Xu Tui did not stop him.

“You really don’t want it?”

“I just feel that I’ve gotten a lot from the repayment. Whether it’s this mind power Origin Crystal or the water-element Origin Crystal that you helped me activate just now, it was enough. It would be too greedy of me to take more,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Shamera nodded. “That’s a wise move. Kid, I suddenly have high hopes for you. However, I, Old Sha, am not… Bah, I, Shamera, am not someone who speaks against my heart. If I agree to give it to you, I will definitely not let you down. Besides, my life is very valuable.”

“This…”

Xu Tui was still a little hesitant.

Seeing this, Shamera did not say anything else. He directly put the Origin Crystals back into the small leather bag. However, he left behind a silver Origin Crystal and a transparent mind power Origin Crystal.@@novelbin@@

“Give me your flying sword and rest for a while. I’ll take this opportunity to help you improve this flying sword,” Shamera said.

“This…” Xu Tui hesitated again.

Xu Tui was not dawdling. He just realized that Shamera had been too nice to him. This alerted him.

Xu Tui and Shamera had only met by chance. Xu Tui had only conveniently saved Shamera’s life. He had saved his life. But the repayment was too much. This made him feel uneasy.

After all, Shamera had overwhelming strength against Xu Tui.

Xu Tui felt that Shamera might have a motive for doing this. However, what did he want from Xu Tui? If he really wanted something from Xu Tui, Shamera did not have to do anything in the deep sea. As long as the mutated orca, Little Tiger, made a move, they would be able to kill Xu Tui.

What did Shamera want from Xu Tui?

Xu Tui could not understand.

“Are you afraid that I’ll snatch it from you?” Shamera scolded jokingly.

“No, Old Sha, you haven’t recovered from your injuries. You should take more time to recuperate.”

“With my injuries recovering to this extent, I won’t be able to recover in a day or two. Stop talking nonsense and wasting time. Hurry up and bring your flying sword over. I’ll help you clean up,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui was puzzled. He handed over his flying sword.

“Your flying sword has been fused with Origin Crystals. It’s considered a beginner’s supernatural weapon and is suitable for newbies. You probably got it not long after you started cultivating, right?” Shamera asked.

“Yes.” Xu Tui nodded.

“Your mind power should have increased several times compared to the beginning. Although the flying sword could still be used, it was already a little light. It was not lethal enough. There were also very few changes.

“I can use this Origin Crystal to help you modify it. However, I am a beginner when it comes to making supernatural weapons. I could barely increase the flying sword’s lethality by 40%. At the same time, I’ll fuse a mind power Origin Crystal with it.

“When you inject your mind power into this flying sword, it will be magnified by about 10%. Your control would also become more flexible. However, the mind power crystal I helped you fuse with is still a consumable item. This 10% increase would be gone after about 100 times.

“However, because of the infiltration of the mind power Origin Crystal, you will be able to control this flying sword more easily in the future. The control distance would also be further.

“By the way, have you heard of Ji Qianli from Huaxia?” Shamera suddenly mentioned the other teacher of the Genetic Miracle, Ji Guoliang.

Ji Guoliang was the teacher of An Xiaoxue’s teacher.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that.

“Ji Qianli is also very good at flying swords. It’s said that his flying sword can cut off heads from a thousand miles away. He has a method to use mind power to infiltrate flying swords. It was said that at the end of the training, the flying sword would be like a clone. If it had another pair of eyes, it would naturally be able to cut off heads from thousands of miles away. He’s an expert from your Huaxia Sector. You can ask his successor for guidance when you’re free,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui nodded vigorously.

“Alright, rest first. I’ll help you with this! When it’s done, I’ll make your situation safer. I am about to leave. In my current situation, I could not stay in one place for too long. Otherwise, we’ll be easily caught, even in the deep sea,” Shamera said.

“Okay!

This time, Xu Tui did not waste his breath. He nodded happily. Since Shamera did not do anything when he was unconscious, he would not do anything now.

Xu Tui had been worried about Shamera’s scheme. There were some benefits that needed to be exchanged. However, he did not want to think too much about it now. He had to think about the present first!

Xu Tui slept for three hours.

Three hours later, Xu Tui, who had opened his eyes, took the flying sword that had become much heavier in his hand and said, “Old Sha, let Little Tiger hide at the bottom of the water and be my backup.”

“Okay!”

Shamera agreed readily!