Chapter 356

Chapter 356: Shameless Is Invincible

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“I’m just thick-skinned. I’m not shameless. If I could be completely shameless, I wouldn’t have ended up in this state.”

Shamera looked emotional as he poured the small pouch of Origin Crystals in front of Xu Tui again.

“Choose a few that are suitable for you. Consider it your payment for helping me,” Shamera said.

To be honest, these Origin Crystals were very tempting. The few Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had obtained previously had greatly improved his strength. The first was the transparent mind power crystal that was already hanging on Xu Tui’s chest.

At the critical moment, Xu Tui only needed to use his mind power to stimulate it slightly, and he would receive feedback. It would instantly increase Xu Tui’s mind power by 12%. Although the increase was small, in actual combat, a 2% increase could determine the outcome.

Xu Tui had already experienced it when he was fighting Wang Ji just now.

When Xu Tui had ambushed Wang Ji last night, the flying sword that Xu Tui was proud of had not been able to hurt Wang Ji. It had been sent flying by Wang Ji’s punch.

It was obvious how powerful Wang Ji, who was in the Genetic Evolution Realm, was. However, when he fought Wang Ji again today, Xu Tui had pierced through Wang Ji’s iron fist with his sword.

Of course, this was not just because his mind power had increased by 12%. The power of Xu Tui’s flying sword had also greatly increased.

Shamera used his mind power to help Xu Tui’s flying sword fuse with a silver Origin Crystal and a transparent mind power Origin Crystal. Not only did it double the weight of Xu Tui’s flying sword, but its power also increased greatly.

The mind power Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had fused with the flying sword allowed the mind power that Xu Tui injected into the flying sword to increase by more than 10%. Under these layers of amplification, the power of Xu Tui’s flying sword had increased by at least 50%.

Only then did he manage to destroy Wang Ji’s iron fist that he could not injure last night.

Of course, this was also part of the reason why Wang Ji did not fully unleash his energy field when he fell into the water and was trapped by Xu Tui’s water puppet.

However, whether it was the increase in Xu Tui’s mind power, the increase in the power of the flying sword, or the temporary absorption of the water puppet’s genetic ability, all these improvements were achieved with a few small Origin Crystals.

The increase in strength of this thing was too great.

At this moment, Shamera took out another Origin Crystal. It would be a lie to say that Xu Tui was not tempted.

However, this made Xu Tui feel a hint of temptation from Shamera. The benefits of someone like Shamera were not to be taken casually. If he took it, he would have to do something for him.

Dear readers! you are reading on our content copy site.Please copy and search this link " /39hpcn6j " to support us

On the other hand, Xu Tui would be implicated if he did not handle things well for Shamera.

As for feelings?

There was none!

Saving his life?

He had already said that they were even!

Therefore, even though Xu Tui’s gaze was burning as he looked at the Origin Crystals, he was still very clear-headed and calm.

“Old Sha, tell me what you want me to do first. If I can do it, I’ll help you. If I can’t, I won’t dare to take your things.” Xu Tui licked his lips.

“You’re young, but you’re so cunning. How can I harm you?”

As Shamera spoke, he took out a very ordinary chip-like object.

“I just checked your information. You’re a first-year dragon from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. According to the rules of the Genetic Committee, the annual extraterrestrial research trip of the Blue Star geniuses would begin in a month. As a first-year dragon who had been stable for so long, you would definitely have a spot. When you get to the extra-terrestrial, find an opportunity to give this to someone for me,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui thought about it and shook his head firmly. “No. I don’t dare to send this. I’m just a student. How would I dare to provoke someone who’s with you? If I have any connections with you, my future will be ruined.”

“Coward!”

Shamera looked at Xu Tui in disdain. “This person has a very official status. Before this, he had nothing to do with me on the surface. Moreover, you did not have to deliberately look for this person. You’ll definitely be able to see him when you go to the extra-terrestrial for the research trip. Just treat it as a normal interaction with him and give this thing away. It won’t cause you any trouble or accidents,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui was a little hesitant. He was still worried that there was a problem. After the Shamera coup, the atmosphere on the entire Blue Star would probably become tense. It would be a huge problem if the outside world found out that Xu Tui was related to Shamera.

“Old Sha, this… I’m from a small family. I’m afraid I won’t be able to take responsibility for your actions. I’ll ruin your plans. Why don’t you find someone else?”

After thinking about it, Xu Tui felt that it was better to be more careful. He was still trying his best to avoid causing trouble for himself when he was frantically improving himself.

Seeing that Xu Tui had rejected him, Shamera let out a long sigh. “Look, I’ve hit the nail on the head again. I’ve said it before. Not only does one have to be thick-skinned, but they also have to be shameless in order to succeed. I’m just a little thick-skinned. I’m not shameless, so I didn’t succeed.”

Xu Tui had a bad feeling when he heard what Shamera said. As expected, Shamera used his personal communication device to project a few photos for Xu Tui. The content of the photo was very simple. It was a photo of Xu Tui and Shamera together.

“You!” Xu Tui shouted angrily.

“Help me deliver this. Otherwise, I’ll send these photos to the media in three months.”

“Old Sha, I just saved your life. Can you be any more shameless?” Xu Tui shouted angrily.

“I wasn’t shameless just now. I wanted you to do something for me, but you didn’t help me! I had no choice but to use this shameless move.”

Shamera had an innocent look on his face. Xu Tui felt depressed.

“Hey, Xu Tui, don’t be angry. I just asked you to do something for me. I really didn’t mean anything else.”

“Old Sha, don’t just cause trouble for me. What you’re responsible for is too big. I can’t afford to offend you.”

“Xu Tui, I’ll be honest with you. It’s not that I want to harm you. It’s just that there are not many people on the entire Blue Star who can study in the extraterrestrial world every year. I didn’t expect you to happen to be one. In my current situation, it would be very difficult to find the next one. Therefore, I was a little shameless.

“However, it was only a means to force you to help me. Although we’ve only been together for half a day, you should have realized that I have principles,” Shamera said.

“That’s right. Those who have principles are shameless,” Xu Tui said angrily.

“Are you serious?” Xu Tui probed.

“If you don’t help me, I’ll be serious. If you help me, then pretend I didn’t say anything before.”

“Shameless!” Xu Tui shouted angrily.

Shamera looked at Xu Tui and chuckled.

After feeling helpless for a while, Xu Tui looked at Shamera and said, “Old Sha, can you tell me what kind of information is being transmitted from your chip? Let me make this clear first. I won’t help you pass on any information that endangers the safety of the Huaxia Sector even if you expose me.”

“How is that possible?” Shamera smiled and shook his head. “If I cause trouble for the Huaxia Sector, wouldn’t I be courting death? I’m not qualified. I won’t hide it from you.

“On the Blue Star, all the Genetic Committees wanted to kill me. I had no place on the Blue Star. Information communication was completely cut off. So I’m going to the extra-terrestrial. Only in the extra-terrestrial is my world.

“However, in my current situation, I needed someone to help me if I wanted to go to the extra-terrestrial. It’s just an encrypted special contact method here,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui nodded slowly when he heard that.@@novelbin@@

“I can help you deliver it, but I might not be able to help you deliver it. After all, I’ve never been to extra-terrestrial before.”

“Don’t worry. As long as you go to the extra-terrestrial for the research trip, you will definitely have a chance, and there won’t be any risks. You might even be able to get some benefits.”

As he spoke, Shamera pointed at the pile of Origin Crystals in front of him. “Choose a few Origin Crystals for yourself. Consider it your reward.”

“Do I have to take it?”

“If you don’t take the benefits, how can I trust you to do everything you can for me?”

“Will you take pictures and leave something behind?”

“Of course. You’re so sly. How can I not give you some pressure!”

“You’re shameless!”

“But I have a bottom line,” Shamera said confidently. He looked like he was thanking Xu Tui for his praise. Xu Tui suddenly learned something. Sometimes, when he thought about it, it would really be easier if he was a little more thick-skinned.

Just like now, if Shamera wasn’t so shameless, it would be very difficult for him to find someone who could help him deliver the letter. However, as long as he was shameless and had Xu Tui in his grasp, it would be very easy for Shamera to contact the people in the extra-terrestrial.

“Then I’ll be a little more thick-skinned and learn from your shamelessness. Can you give me all of your Origin Crystals?” Xu Tui suddenly said as he looked at Shamera.

“Sure, as long as you dare to take it, I’ll give it to you! You can take it all.” Shamera waved his hand generously.

Xu Tui was stunned. In the end, he lowered his body like a deflated balloon.

He really did not dare to take it! The benefits of someone like Shamera were not to be taken lightly. He could only exchange his benefits and not take advantage of them.

“Alright, I’ll take a few Origin Crystals. Tell me, how many Origin Crystals do you want me to take as payment for delivering the letter?” Xu Tui pointed at the Origin Crystals.

“Six .” Shamera seemed to realize how petty he was under Xu Tui’s disdainful gaze.

“I asked you to take five or six pieces previously, but you didn’t. In the end, you only took four. How about this? I, Shamera, am not a petty person. The reward this time is ten pieces! You can take ten Origin Crystals. As long as you help me deliver the letter, I will owe you a favor!

How about that?” Shamera said.

“Ten pieces. Isn’t that a little too much?”

“Do you want it or not?”

“Yes!”

Then, Xu Tui picked one up without hesitation. Since he had already been forced onto the pirate ship by Shamera, he had no choice but to deliver the letter. He should take the benefits.

Taking a step back, if anything happened, his photo with Shamera would be exposed. It was barely plausible to say that he was threatened by Shamera.

This explanation should work in the Huaxia Sector!

Xu Tui chose his Origin Crystals selectively. He chose two of the transparent mind power crystals as backup. He picked out one silver Origin Crystal, two earth-colored Earth-element Origin Crystals, two aqua-blue Water-element Origin Crystals, and two green Wood-element Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui chose a white metal-element Origin Crystal for the last piece. He had chosen a little of everything that he could use. It would be best if he could use it to increase his strength in the future. If he could not use it, it was a hard currency anyway. It would not be a problem to use it to trade.

While Xu Tui was picking the Origin Crystals, Shamera, the shameless person, had taken two photos to threaten Xu Tui.

Xu Tui could not do anything about it other than curse at the shameless man.

“Have you chosen?” Shamera asked.

“Yes.”

“Since you’ve been paid, I’m relieved. This chip records the identity information of the person I want you to contact. There’s also a special way to confirm his identity, a code. It would be ruined if you memorized it when you returned. Pack up the chip I want to give you. Don’t lose it,” Shamera said.

“Understood.”

“Then I’ll wait for the good news!”

A few minutes later, Shamera suddenly said, “Little Tiger said that a Huaxia Sector license plate flying car came to the sea. It might be your teacher.”

“It should be about time. I think so.”

“Alright, I’ll get going then. See you in the extra-terrestrial.”

After he finished speaking, he did not wait for Xu Tui to say anything. The huge figure of the mutant orca, Little Tiger, rushed over and threw out a bubble to wrap around Shamera. Then, he carried Shamera in his mouth and swam towards the depths of the sea. He disappeared into the distance in an instant.