Chapter 357 - Even If The Chance Is Small, I Have To Try (1)

Chapter 357: Even if the Chance Is Small, I Have to Try (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui did not dare to rush out of the water. He first rose to the surface and carefully observed the situation. If an enemy came, Xu Tui would be in deep trouble.

The current situation was that as long as it was not a water-type supernatural being, Xu Tui’s combat strength and chances of survival in the sea would be higher.

Xu Tui saw a hovering flying car through the hazy water surface. A figure was patrolling above the water surface.

Xu Tui carefully released his mental perception. The range of his mental perception was three-dimensional. With the enhancement, he could sense a height of 50 meters. Of course, if there was a material object in the direction of the perception, the perception distance would decrease depending on the material.

It was An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui confirmed that it was An Xiaoxue the moment he extended his mental perception.

An Xiaoxue, who was patrolling in the sky, suddenly stared at the water surface where Xu Tui was hiding. She directly stepped through the air.

Before An Xiaoxue arrived, more than a dozen silver pills flew over. However, they did not attack. Instead, they circled above the sea and patrolled.

It was obvious that An Xiaoxue had also noticed Xu Tui.

Xu Tui floated to the surface of the water and stood in front of An Xiaoxue, dripping with seawater.

“Miss An.”

There was gratitude and bitterness in his voice. At that moment, Xu Tui could sense that the air around him had become much safer.

“It doesn’t look too bad. Where’s Mr. Luo?” An Xiaoxue asked.

It would have been fine if he did not mention Luo Shifeng. However, when she mentioned Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui relaxed a little, he felt a lump in his throat and almost cried.

“Mr. Luo, he…”

An Xiaoxue’s pretty face turned cold and her expression became extremely serious. If Luo Shifeng had died in battle, then the danger that Xu Tui would encounter this time would be unimaginable.

It was only then that An Xiaoxue saw the head in Xu Tui’s hand. It was Agassi’s head.

“This is?”

“This?”

Xu Tui smiled sadly. “Mr. Luo was killed in battle in order to create a chance for me to escape. This is the person who betrayed him. According to the rules of our hometown, I have to offer a sacrifice to Mr. Luo and summon his soul before I can bring him home.

“The Special Intelligence Division should be arriving soon, right?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Soon.”

An Xiaoxue wanted to comfort Xu Tui when she saw his expression, but she did not know where to start. She spent most of her time in the Research Institute Number 14. She was not good at socializing and rarely participated in social activities. She did not even have many friends.

At this moment, Xu Tui felt very sad, but he did not know how to comfort Xu Tui.

“The Special Intelligence Division has arrived. We’re in no hurry to leave.”

“Miss An, wait for me.”

Xu Tui landed on the surface of the water again. After swimming for a while, he found Wang Ji’s corpse, whose head had exploded earlier. With Xu Tui’s current strength, it would not be a problem for him to step on air. However, it would not be possible for him to carry a bag and carry a corpse.

Therefore, Xu Tui dragged Wang Ji’s corpse and swam toward the cliff.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui carried Agassi’s head and Wang Ji’s headless corpse to Luo Shifeng’s body.@@novelbin@@

An Xiaoxue followed silently. Silver light danced in the air as she acted as a guard.

Xu Tui took out the short blade that he had used earlier and stabbed it into Wang Ji’s chest. Xu Tui sliced open Wang Ji’s chest and pulled out his heart.

Wang Ji had not been dead for long. His heart was still warm.

Xu Tui held Wang Ji’s heart with his hands that were covered in blood. He held Agassi’s head and respectfully offered it to Luo Shifeng’s body. He picked up the extinguished cigar beside Luo Shifeng’s body, lit it, and placed it by Luo Shifeng’s mouth.

“Mr. Luo, I’ve killed the people who killed you and betrayed you. You can enjoy the head and heart first…”

Xu Tui suddenly choked up as he spoke.

The cigar that Xu Tui had placed by Luo Shifeng’s mouth was about to go out again because no one was smoking. In his anxiety, he picked up the cigar that was about to be extinguished and helped Luo Shifeng inhale deeply.

The smoke entered his lungs.

Xu Tui started coughing violently. His face was covered in tears as he coughed violently.

At this moment, An Xiaoxue’s arrival brought Xu Tui a sense of safety. Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of sorrow. The sorrow that he had suppressed previously suddenly surged out at this moment.

Xu Tui did not cry. However, his tears did not stop flowing.

In the distance, a few repulsive-force flying cars arrived. After confirming with An Xiaoxue, they stopped not far away.

An Xiaoxue could not bear to see Xu Tui crying silently. She slowly stepped forward and gently hugged Xu Tui. She patted Xu Tui’s shoulder gently to comfort him.

He had known Luo Shifeng for less than five months and he was both a teacher and a friend. Their relationship was not too strong. However, at the last moment, Luo Shifeng gave Xu Tui a chance to live. He had used his life to give Xu Tui a way out.

Xu Tui was not a fool.

Up until now, he had vaguely guessed that Wang Ji’s real target might be Xu Tui. Luo Shifeng was most likely a collateral. Otherwise, Wang Ji would not have temporarily surrendered and hung Feng Qian up when Luo Shifeng threatened Xu Tui with his life last night.

From this point alone, it could be seen that Wang Ji and the others’ target should not be the information on the passive abilities of the reaction-type genetic chain ability.

Their real target was Xu Tui!

Luo Shifeng just happened to be here. More importantly, with Luo Shifeng’s experience, he had already determined that Wang Ji and the others’ main target was Xu Tui, a living person.