Chapter 353 - Flying Sword And Puppet

Chapter 353: Flying Sword and Puppet

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The morning sun rose very early by the sea. For many people, watching the sunrise at the beach in the morning was a very enjoyable thing. However, the sunrise made Wang Ji even more frustrated!

Sunrise represents time.

The more time passed, the more likely the target he wanted to capture would escape. If the target really escaped, he would be in big trouble.

This operation had been carefully planned for a long time. He had even used another trump card for this operation.

Wang Ji only knew that the code name was Painted Skin. That was Feng Qian. He had hung Feng Qian up in order to make Luo Shifeng surrender with Xu Tui. However, it was only for show. They would not dare to hurt Painted Skin.

“It’s dawn. I’ll join the search.”

Agassi suddenly took the initiative to speak.

Wang Ji nodded.

Agassi stood on the roof of a flying car and slowly rose into the air. His eyes were like an eagle’s. He had activated a genetic ability chain related to vision. It allowed his vision to surpass that of ordinary people. At this moment, as soon as the sky lit up, it became useful.

“Captain Wang, the satellites can fully cooperate with us, right?” Agassi suddenly said.

“I’ve already contacted them.”

“Alright, we have to find this guy no matter what.” Agassi’s face was grim.

He seemed to be even more anxious than Wang Ji.

Agassi was also anxious. Before that, for some reason, Agassi had cooperated with Wang Ji and the others to do some work. However, Agassi did not expect that Toro and the others, whom he had arranged to send Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng to the ambush location, would be discovered by Luo Shifeng.

He was exposed!

It was fine even if he was exposed. He just needed to deal with Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui. However, as long as one of them escaped, he, Agassi, would be in big trouble.

If Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui were ambushed, they could use the fact that Shamera had caused a coup to cause chaos around the Niyah Sector as an excuse.

Dear readers! you are reading on our content copy site.Please copy and search this link " https://bit.ly/3NSnQtR " to support us

The fact that Agassi had betrayed Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui and planned this was not something that Shamera could explain.

Luo Shifeng was already dead. So he had to deal with Xu Tui. Otherwise, not only would everything that he, Agassi, had planned previously become a dream, but he would also be in big trouble.

Agassi, who was standing on the roof of the repulsive-force flying car, slowly rose into the air. He used his Eagle Vision and instantly covered a radius of 10 kilometers.

At the same time, Wang Ji also used the encrypted channel to call Li Zifeng.

“It’s done?”

Li Zifeng’s indifferent tone came through the phone, but it made Wang Ji look a little fearful.

“Captain Li, not yet. Something happened. I need satellite search support now.” In his panic, Wang Ji quickly made a request.

“You let the target escape?”

Li Zifeng’s voice turned cold.

Wang Ji quickly denied, “No, no. He should still be trapped in this sea area. However, he hid in the sea at night, so…”

“Didn’t we send Old Zhang over? He’s a water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm…”

“Luo Shifeng was injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir and died with Old Zhang.”

On the other end of the line, Li Zifeng’s expression changed. “Old Wang, you know the consequences.”

“Don’t worry, Captain Li. I know, but I need satellite support now!”

“Right away!”

Li Zifeng agreed decisively and hung up.

However, Wang Ji also understood what Li Zifeng meant.

I’ll give you whatever you want, you just had to achieve my goal. However, if you could not achieve my goal…

“Attention, the search radius of the flying car has expanded to 50 kilometers.”

Just as Wang Ji was giving his orders, a scream suddenly came from the public channel. Hearing this scream, Wang Ji was not angry but happy!

This was too damn good! If someone was attacked, it meant that the target was still there! As long as the target was still in this sea area, everything would be fine.

“Those who are alive, report your location!”

Wang Ji confirmed the location of the victim as quickly as he could. Then, he ordered everyone to gather at the location of the incident. In just a few seconds, two more men that Agassi had brought with him were pierced by the sudden burst of earth spikes and died on the spot.

However, Wang Ji had also confirmed Xu Tui’s location.

“Everyone, conduct a carpet search within a three-hundred-meter radius of that body. Agassi, keep a 200-meter gap between us to search and support. Once we discover the target’s whereabouts, we can react and attack in the shortest time possible.

“Bring the two water-type supernatural beings you brought with you, hurry to the sea area closest to the location of the attack. Do your best to monitor the situation at the bottom of the sea. Once you find the target, give a warning immediately. You could either trap the target or drive him ashore.

“Remember, we need him alive!”

Wang Ji gave a series of orders. He was not stupid. On the contrary, he had a lot of combat experience.

After confronting Xu Tui for an entire night, Wang Ji had roughly determined many of Xu Tui’s characteristics from the situation when the subordinates he brought were attacked and killed.

For example, the combat radius of superpowers was extremely long. It might exceed 100 meters.

Xu Tui might have deliberately trained his ability to survive underwater.

Wang Ji already had a clear understanding of Xu Tui. What Wang Ji lacked was an opportunity to lock onto Xu Tui’s tracks.

Now, his chance has come!

Under Wang Ji’s orders, everyone pounced toward the designated area and surrounded Xu Tui. However, in the next moment, Wang Ji realized that his arrangements were a little redundant.

Near the cliff, a few silver lights suddenly rose and began to circle.

Xu Tui was there.

Wang Ji instantly shot out like a bolt of lightning. Agassi also jumped off the top of the repulsive-force flying car and rolled in the direction of the silver light. But there were endless screams in the combat communication channel.

The 20 searchers Agassi had brought with him were dying every moment. They either instantly turned into a pile of minced meat or were skewered by an invisible spike. Their deaths were extremely tragic.

In just five seconds, Xu Tui had killed another six people.

However, Xu Tui’s good days would come to an end.

Wang Ji and Agassi instantly closed in on Xu Tui. The two water-type supernatural beings also quickly closed in on Xu Tui.

“The two of you, take control of the surroundings. Don’t get close to the target. Just follow the target and don’t let him escape. Leave the target to us.” Wang Ji added another order when he saw how ferocious Xu Tui was. He was afraid that Xu Tui would escape into the deep sea again.

The two water-type supernatural beings responded at the same time. They were a hundred meters away from Xu Tui and began to use their superpowers to control the waves.

At this moment, two of the silver lights in the sky suddenly turned around and shot towards the two water-type supernatural beings.

The two water-type supernatural beings sneered. As long as they entered the water, not only would their combat strength increase greatly, but their survivability would also increase exponentially. If they were on land, they would be extremely afraid of Xu Tui’s swift and fierce silver pills. They would have to dodge and defend with all their might.

But in the water, there was really no need for trouble.

The two water-type supernatural beings suddenly sank into the water. The waves above their heads began to turn into water shields that protected their heads. With the layers of water shields, Xu Tui’s Flying Sword and Silver Pills would not be able to increase their power even if they were doubled. His accuracy would also be greatly reduced.

However, just as the two water-type supernatural beings sneered, the expression of one of them changed. He suddenly floated to the surface involuntarily. The way his limbs struggled looked more like he was being carried to the surface of the water.

Pfft!

In just an instant, the water-type supernatural being who was struggling while he floated to the surface was pierced through the head by a silver pill. Almost half a second later, another silver pill pierced into the water.

Blood spurted.

If someone observed carefully from the bottom of the water, they would see that the supernatural being who had dived into the water was trapped by a water puppet and could not break free for a moment.

Not only was he unable to break free in a short period of time, but he was also forcefully lifted three feet up by the water puppet.

Then, the silver pill broke through the water.

The water-type supernatural being was killed by Xu Tui’s silver pill, as if he was waiting to be executed.

After dealing with the two water-type supernatural beings, Xu Tui’s threat in the sea was greatly reduced. He dove straight into the sea.

However, the flying sword still hovered above the sea.

Wang Ji and Agassi were stunned.

Agassi was especially shocked when he saw the corpses of the two water-type supernatural beings floating to the surface.

“Even we would have to spend some effort to kill two water-type supernatural beings in the water, right?” Agassi was shocked.

“Luck and layout, I guess!”

Wang Ji glanced at Agassi and saw the fear in his eyes.

Water-type supernatural beings were greatly enhanced when they fought underwater. The combat power of supernatural beings of various elements could almost be doubled when they fought in corresponding special environments.

Agassi saw that Xu Tui had killed two water-type supernatural beings at the Genetic Mutation Realm. He deduced that Xu Tui might have water-type superpowers. He was really a little afraid of entering the water to chase after him.

“Even if this kid has water-type superpowers, the two of us are veteran Genetic Evolution Realm experts. How can the two of us not be able to deal with a kid who has yet to mutate? Besides, we have no way out!”

After saying that, Wang Ji dived into the water and chased after Xu Tui. The powerful energy field pushed away the waves and he chased after Xu Tui.

Agassi only hesitated for a moment. He gritted his teeth and followed behind Wang Ji, chasing after Xu Tui. Just as Wang Ji had said, they had no way out!

Xu Tui was very cunning. He kept diving toward the bottom of the sea.

Wang Ji and Agassi chased after Xu Tui with their teeth clenched. After entering the water, they slowed down significantly.

Xu Tui’s mobility underwater was not slow. For a moment, they were unable to catch up to Xu Tui. As for the deep sea pressure, it was nothing to the two Genetic Evolution Realms experts.

“Split up!” Wang Ji shouted into his communication device with his energy field.

Agassi nodded. Just as he was about to move, a huge shadow suddenly attacked him from behind. The mountainous tail sent Agassi flying. When Agassi opened his eyes again, he saw a huge mouth swallowing him.

No!

That huge mouth did not swallow him. There was still a chance of survival if it swallowed him. But when the bloody mouth swallowed him to his waist, it suddenly snapped!

He was swallowed by half.

Agassi fainted on the spot as the intense pain hit him.

Almost at the same time, Wang Ji, who was chasing after Xu Tui, was stunned when he saw this scene. A water puppet suddenly condensed behind him and hugged him.

Wang Ji was shocked!

Wang Ji was especially shocked by the huge black shadow that bit Agassi. Instinctively, the energy field erupted like crazy!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

With a loud explosion, the water puppet that Xu Tui had condensed underwater was shattered into pieces by Wang Ji’s energy field.

Wang Ji escaped.

However, Wang Ji, who was shocked by this scene, did not dare to stay underwater anymore. He activated his energy field and immediately swam straight up, wanting to escape from the sea.

Xu Tui sneered. He turned around and chased after Wang Ji. His mental perception had already followed Wang Ji.

The moment Wang Ji left the water surface, a water puppet appeared again and hugged Wang Ji.@@novelbin@@

Wang Ji was furious. His energy field erupted again!

Whoosh!

Before Wang Ji could unleash his energy to break through the binding of the Water Puppet, a sharp sound rang out as the flying sword’s silver light pierced straight down!

Unable to dodge, Wang Ji could only punch out!

Blood splattered!