Chapter 351 - Not Wasting Any?

Chapter 351: Not Wasting Any?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui suddenly realized that this encounter with Shamera might be a turning point in his improvement if he grasped it well. Although the time might be very short, it would be hard to say what the harvest would be if the wool was harvested accurately.

Xu Tui had a teacher. An Xiaoxue was very skilled and powerful. She was extremely devoted to Xu Tui.

She also had inherited experience.

The founder of the Genetic Miracle, Shang Long, was once one of the top experts of the Genetic Newcomers.

However, the problem was that there was a huge difference between practicing according to the book and being guided by someone.

Although An Xiaoxue had also personally guided Xu Tui, she was currently only in the Genetic Evolution Realm and was advancing toward the Genetic Evolution Realm.

But what about Shamera?

He was definitely a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. He was one of the top. He had a powerful record of killing an extraterrestrial quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. They stood at different heights and saw different sceneries.

Xu Tui’s conversation with Shamera had a certain purpose while he was treating him. That was because Xu Tui desperately wanted to become stronger.@@novelbin@@

Become stronger!

Become stronger!

He wanted to avenge Luo Shifeng! He wanted to kill his enemy with his own hands!

“Old Sha, how much do you know about the School of General Senses?”

“I know what you people in Huaxia call each other, but my surname isn’t Sha. Shamera is just my name,” Shamera explained. “I’ve studied the School of General Senses before as it is related to supernatural abilities.”

“Then tell me about it, Old Sha.”

Shamera was speechless.

“The School of General Senses is another path of the supernatural. This path is more difficult to enter and requires more time to improve. However, the upper limit is also higher.”

“Does a higher upper limit refer to the final cultivation achievement?” Xu Tui asked.

“You can say that. That’s because the School of General Senses has been trying to grasp the essence of the power from the beginning. Or rather, it’s the source of a certain power. Then, he would use the source of this power to unleash supernatural power.

“As for a supernatural-type like me, I can increase my strength by constantly cultivating a certain type of power and comprehending the source of the power I cultivate.”

Shamera’s answer took the level to another level. It sounded impressive, but it did not seem to be of much use to Xu Tui now. Xu Tui decided to ask something practical.

“Old Sha, do people at your level have some tricks to quickly increase their strength?” Xu Tui asked, “For example, in the School of General Senses?”

“A trick to quickly increase your strength?”

Shamera shook his head. “No. However, your school has a special cultivation method and a wide range of areas. If you want to cultivate the water element, I can give you a little help.”

Xu Tui was immediately interested when he heard what Shamera said.

“How do I do that?”

Shamera casually picked out a blue crystal the size of a grain of rice and placed it in front of Xu Tui.

“Origin crystals are crystallized from the origin power of a certain type of power. In theory, when you activate it, it contains the original quantum frequency that you need to sense water. If you can sense it, you can absorb and refine it. But there’s one thing you have to pay attention to.”

“What thing?”

“All the Origin Crystals in my hands were obtained from snatching or directly killing extraterrestrial creatures. Among these Origin Crystals, there might be some remnant of the original owner’s vengeful will or power information. After all, he was already dead. No matter how powerful he was, he had long dissipated.

“It won’t be too dangerous, but it will have a certain impact on your mind power. If you feel like you can’t take it anymore, you have to stop immediately,” Shamera said.

“Understood.”

“I’ll try to activate it for you later.”

Half an hour later, 99% of Shamera’s pierced heart had regrown under Xu Tui’s treatment. However, there was a small eye the size of a soybean. No matter how the granules squirmed, the small eye could not grow.

Xu Tui could sense that there seemed to be an invisible force rolling and destroying Shamera’s heart from the soybean-sized wound. However, most of Shamera’s heart had recovered. Shamera’s power seemed to have been suppressed.

“This is not something you can treat now. I’m afraid it will take a long time for me to completely digest the gift this old friend left for me.”

Shamera stopped Xu Tui from continuing to treat his heart.

“Come, let’s go somewhere else.”

The subsequent treatment speed increased significantly.

Xu Tui could sense that Shamera’s life force was constantly increasing. He was participating in the recovery of his injuries.

Another forty minutes later, the visible injuries on Shamera’s body had mostly recovered. However, there was a large or small wound that could not be healed no matter what.

At this moment, Xu Tui could sense that there were at least six different powerful auras in Shamera’s body.

Shamera’s own aura was fighting against these six completely different auras.

“Do you need to rest?”

“I don’t need it yet. Your Level B Active Energy Elixir is very useful,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s because your current mind power is quite low. In that case, I’ll help you activate it and see if I can increase your strength. It would also prevent Little Tiger’s tracks from causing you trouble. After all, many people know of Little Tiger’s existence,” Shamera said.

Actually, this was what Xu Tui was worried about. It was also an important reason why Xu Tui wanted to quickly increase his strength.

Shamera had failed in his coup in Niyah and had now become the public enemy of all the genetic committees on the Blue Star.

He was the target of everyone!

As Shamera had said, the existence of the mutated orca was not a top secret.

Xu Tui would be in a lot of trouble if he allowed Little Tiger to secretly leave any traces while he dealt with Wang Ji.

“Put this water-type Origin Crystal in your palm. I’ll help you activate it. It would be a small amount at first to see if you could sense the origin power within. If you can, I’ll activate it as a whole and let you absorb it,” Shamera said.

Xu Tui nodded.

With a thought, his mental perception landed on the water-type Origin Crystal. Under his extreme microscopic perception, he could see every detail of the water-type Origin Crystal.

However, its structure was similar to a stone. There was nothing unusual.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling surprised, a gentle yet violent aura suddenly entered the water-type Origin Crystal. It was as if a switch had been pressed. The water-type Origin Crystal, which had been like a rock in Xu Tui’s microscopic perception, suddenly changed.

The calm surface of the water, the rolling waves, and the overwhelming waves kept changing and twisting under the invisible force. Then, they returned to calm.

This change in aura kept repeating in front of Xu Tui. It was different every time.

He did not gain anything for a long time.

In his anxiety, Xu Tui suddenly recalled his experience of sensing the original quantum frequency of the mountain. It was impossible to sense a certain original quantum frequency purely through microscopic perception.

It should be a microscopic perception on the same level.

One could constantly look at a stone with microscopic perception and see the most detailed structure and the substance that made it. However, if one treated a stone as a whole, one could determine the specific information of this stone based on its color, level, wind, water, and other traces.

This was the microscopic perception that Xu Tui understood.

Xu Tui, who had experienced this before, began to slowly withdraw his microscopic perception. He used his mental perception to envelop the internal changes of the water-type Origin Crystal that Shamera had activated.

Then, at this level, he could use his microscopic perception to sense it!

Suddenly, the interior of the water-type Origin Crystal changed again. The surface of the turbulent waves distorted and changed. It was like a humanoid creature that was constantly struggling and roaring as it pounced.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood.

Water puppet.

The residual power in this water-type Origin Crystal was that of a water puppet.

At this moment, Shamera also felt that something was amiss. He suddenly shouted, “Since you’ve obtained something, I’ll completely activate it for you. You can guide it as you wish. How much you can obtain will depend on your luck.”

In the next moment, the water-type Origin Crystal that Shamera activated suddenly seemed to melt, turning into a ball of blue light.

It was as if it was human instinct.

The moment the blue light merged into his body, Xu Tui’s mind power guided the water puppet into his body.

The water-blue water puppet entered his body and immediately split into two beams of light. One of the beams charged toward Xu Tui’s head, while the other beam charged toward Xu Tui’s kidney.

Xu Tui subconsciously switched to the illusory introspective state. Under the illusory introspective state, two genetic base points on his head were flashing rapidly.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui used his mind power to direct the blue light that was rushing toward his head toward the two flickering genetic base points.

At the same time, Xu Tui used his mind power to guide the blue light that was rushing toward his kidney toward the five genetic base points that were beginning to flicker.

Under the impact of the two beams of blue light, the seven genetic base points were expanding at a speed visible to the naked eye. His kidney suddenly jumped as he activated his first genetic base point. With another jump, the second genetic base point in his kidney activated.

In the next moment, Xu Tui felt a pain in his head. A genetic base point in his head was instantly activated.

In the next five minutes, the seven flickering genetic base points were all activated.

However, even though the seven genetic base points related to the water puppet were all activated, the power of this water-type Origin Crystal was not exhausted.

It continued to surge into Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui originally wanted to distribute the remaining power to the seven genetic base points related to the water puppet that he had activated.

However, half a minute later, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. Why can’t he focus on strengthening one of the genetic base points?

The two beams of aqua-blue light that flowed to the head and kidneys respectively focused on a genetic base point in the head and kidneys respectively.

Two minutes later.

Xu Tui’s kidney suddenly throbbed and heated up. Among the seven genetic base points related to the water puppet, one of the genetic base points in the kidney had been strengthened to Level 2 silver!

However, the blue light continued to enter. The energy of the Origin Crystal was much more terrifying than Xu Tui had imagined.

Three minutes later, the second genetic base point of the water puppet in his kidney had also been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

Crack!

Two minutes later, Xu Tui felt a sharp pain in his head as if it had exploded. One of the two genetic base points related to the water puppet in his head swelled violently and turned silver.

Another one was strengthened to Level 2!

Xu Tui even wondered if this piece of water-type Origin Crystal would be able to strengthen the genetic ability chain of the water puppet to Level 2 silver.

Unfortunately, less than a minute after Xu Tui had this thought, the aqua blue light that he had injected into his body stopped. There was only a small amount of powder left in his water-type Origin Crystal.

At the same time, Shamera looked at Xu Tui as if she was looking at a monster. He said in shock, “Are you a Huaxia Pixiu? Why wasn’t it wasted at all?”

Just as Xu Tui was about to laugh, the remnant aura of the water-type Origin Crystal that he had injected into his head and kidneys suddenly gathered into the shape of a huge and ferocious water puppet. It exploded within Xu Tui’s body without any obstruction.