Chapter 359 - Bait?

Chapter 359: Bait?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Sing-Malaysia Sector, Lion City, in Li Jin’s villa.

Early in the morning, Li Jin had just woken up and was doing his daily morning exercises.

At his position, he paid a lot of attention to his health.

In the Great Genetic Era, the individual strength of genetic newcomers was magnified a hundredfold. However, the overall lifespan of humans did not increase much.

There were some good things in the hands of the extraterrestrial creatures that could increase the vitality of their bodies and extend their lifespan.

But not by much.

Therefore, he still had to maintain it.

Just as Li Jin was sweating slightly from his intense training, there was a sudden sound from the garden door. Li Zifeng, who was usually extremely calm, actually walked over with a gust of wind.

This made Li Jin’s expression change.

Something must have happened for Li Zifeng to act like this.

“Director, Wang Ji is dead!”

Li Jin’s movements suddenly froze. He froze there, and his brows instantly furrowed.

“Wang Ji activated the chip and self-destructed. According to the information from the chip, Wang Ji should have been captured alive and tortured by the target at the last moment. However, not long after the interrogation, Wang Ji took the initiative to activate the chip and self-destruct,” Li Zifeng added.

Hearing this, Li Jin’s expression darkened. He said angrily, “He actually failed. Wang Ji, that trash, he ruined my plan!”

Li Zifeng did not dare to say anything. Only the furious Li Jin paced back and forth.

After a while, Li Jin, who had lost his composure due to his anger, came back to his senses. He frowned and took a towel to wipe his sweat. “Did Wang Ji say anything?”

“The chip he implanted shows that he didn’t,” Li Zifeng answered with certainty.

Li Jin nodded slightly. He did not say anything. It was a blessing amidst the failure, but he still frowned deeply. “Why did Wang Ji fail too? I remember that I sent a water-type supernatural being in the Genetic Evolution Realm, right?

“With the cooperation of that water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm, he should be able to put up a fight even if he encountered a Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouse at the beach.

“Could it be that the Huaxia Sector has sent a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert to protect them in secret?”

“According to the battle report I received last night, Luo Shifeng was injected with the Genetic Chain Fission Elixir and sacrificed himself to die with the water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm. I then asked Wang Ji to call Agassi, the spy in Niyah.

“Agassi was also an expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm. Xu Tui was the only one who had fought against Wang Ji through the information transmitted by the chip. Up until now, we still haven’t figured out how Xu Tui managed to capture Wang Ji alive under the pincer attack of two Genetic Evolution Realm experts.”

“Any analysis from the staff officers?”

“At the moment, they have not reached a unified conclusion. There are many possibilities. There are external forces and hidden forces. It is also possible that they encountered the interference of a passing Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. After all, the area around Niyah has been very chaotic since yesterday.” Li Zifeng said.@@novelbin@@

“Failed again. Did we underestimate our opponent again?” Li Cheng pondered.

“I don’t think so. Painted Skin has basically crippled Luo Shifeng. However, what happened next was a little shocking. Even if Luo Shifeng killed a water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm, the remaining power was not something that Xu Tui could deal with. Moreover, Wang Ji even got Agassi to rush over with reinforcements. Something must have happened that we don’t know about.”

“What about the satellite images? Did you analyze them?”

“The clearer image data is still being analyzed and processed. There are no abnormalities in the image data obtained so far. Within 15 minutes of Wang Ji’s death, no suspicious targets were found within a 30-kilometer radius of the incident,” Li Zifeng said.

Li Jin frowned, his expression dark. “This time, the second plan that we meticulously planned for so long was originally guaranteed to succeed. I didn’t expect it to fail again. This time, the old man would be in trouble. You know, the greater the expectations, the greater the disappointment, and the greater the anger!”

“Director, are you saying that that person might vent his anger on you because you haven’t gained anything?” Li Zifeng asked.

“That’s most likely the case.” Li Jin stared at Li Zifeng. “Is there a way to remedy this?”

Li Zifeng glanced at his communication device and hurriedly said, “Director, we just received news that the target left alone in a repulsive force flying vehicle that Wang Ji and the others drove over. It was a little strange.

“According to the satellite images, other flying cars arrived in the area a few minutes ago. It’s very likely that the people who received the target have arrived.”

At this point, Li Zifeng suddenly said softly, “Sir, if we stop at nothing, we might still have a chance to get the target.”

“At all costs?”

For Li Jin to be able to become the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee and the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, his reaction was extremely quick. He immediately understood.

“You’re saying that Xu Tui even drove away in the repulsive-force flying car that Wang Ji and the others drove over with a locator when the people who were supposed to receive him arrived? Was he using himself as bait to lure us out? Or was it revenge?”

“That should be the case.” Li Zifeng nodded. “According to the information, Xu Tui has a good relationship with Luo Shifeng. Also, Luo Shifeng risked his life to fight for a chance for Xu Tui.”

“So what you’re saying is that we can chew the bait and hook at all costs to achieve our goal?” Li Jin asked.

Li Zifeng nodded again. “We might have to use a little more power.We must send out at least two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. I’m counted as one, and we have to send out another one.

“In addition, in order to be safe, it was best to have three people at the Genetic Transmutation Realm or five people at the same level as Wang Ji. Three of them are earth-element or water-element superhumans!”

“Three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.” Li Jin suddenly heaved a sigh of relief. “This price is a little too high. Moreover, the possibility of being tracked down by mobilizing three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in a hurry is too high. It can’t be invisible and traceless.”

“Yes. One wrong move and the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division might find out who we are.”

“It’s not a bad thing, but there’s a high chance that the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division will find us. In that case, the gains won’t make up for the losses.” Li Jin suddenly sighed.

Li Zifeng was a little uncertain. “Director, what do you mean?”

“Why did I want to take the target?” Li Cheng suddenly asked.

“It’s to obtain the technology from the Research Institute Number 14 so that you can definitely become the director of our Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. You can use this opportunity to use your methods to set up a trap in the extra-terrestrial and showcase your ambitions,” Li Zifeng said.

Li Jin’s gaze wavered a little when he heard Li Zifeng’s words. The Blue Star was too small, and its structure was fixed. He wanted to extend his hand beyond the Earth and showcase his ambitions.

“Zifeng, let me ask you. If the old man takes his anger out on me, how will it affect my succession as the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee?” Li Jin suddenly asked.

“This… If you have that person’s support, you will definitely be able to take over his position. If you don’t have his support, the probability of you taking over is about 70%. Even if he took his anger out on you, the probability of you taking over is still above 60%. After all, he’s really old,” Li Zifeng said.

“Then let me ask you again. If the Huaxia Sector discovers that I’m the mastermind behind Xu Tui, they will publicly condemn and punish me. How will it affect me when I take over as the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee?” Li Jin asked.

Li Zifeng’s expression instantly changed.

“Director, Huaxia Sector’s right to speak is very important, be it in the extra-terrestrial or the Huaya Sector. Once the Huaxia Sector publicly condemned and punished you, the impact on you would be very great.

“Not only will your chances of succeeding the position of the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee be greatly reduced, but it will also affect the re-election of the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee,” Li Zifeng said.

Hearing this, Li Jin nodded and put down the towel in his hand. “Do you understand?”

“Yes. Although we can swallow the bait and hook at all costs, the gains won’t make up for the losses,” Li Zifeng said.

“Then do what you have to do. Remember to make it clean,” Li Jin instructed.

“Sir, don’t worry. From the moment Wang Ji activated the self-destructing chip, all information related to Wang Ji, regardless of whether it’s on the Internet or not, has been cleaned up. Including interpersonal relationships, financial exchanges, and so on.”

Li Jin was very satisfied with this answer. His only regret was that he had failed the mission. In order to get the position of the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, he had to work hard in other aspects and even take risks!

The matter was settled, but Li Zifeng did not leave immediately.

“Anything else?”

Li Zifeng hesitated. “Director, what should we do with Wang Ji’s family?”

Li Jin thought for three seconds before he slowly said, “Wang Ji activated the chip himself. Although the mission failed, he was still loyal to me. I can’t treat him badly.

“Plastic surgery and a change of identity. Children, wives, and parents are all arranged accordingly. You know that.”

“Thank you, Director.”

…

On the surface of the sea, the repulsive force flying car that Xu Tui was in was flying at high speed. The driver of the repulsive force flying car was a special agent from the Special Intelligence Division.

According to Hu Tianshi, the captain of the special operations team of the Capital Special Intelligence Division, the person driving Xu Tui’s car was the only three Genetic Evolvers in his team.

He was from the Extreme Branch. However, his reaction speed was astonishing, and his adaptability and combat ability were also extremely outstanding.

Xu Tui sat in the front passenger seat. His eyes were half-closed, but his mental perception was fully activated. As he moved at high speed, his mental perception was not as sensitive as usual. However, Xu Tui could still detect any large movements or violent energy fluctuations immediately.

Xu Tui held the special combat walkie-talkie in his hand and kept in contact with An Xiaoxue and Hu Tianshi. As long as there was a problem, he could report it to them immediately.

However, they had already been acting as bait for an hour and a half. They would be able to return to the Huaxia Sector in another two hours.

Yet, the enemy still did not appear.

Xu Tui was a little anxious.

In another hour, the possibility of the enemy biting the bait would decrease as they got closer to the Huaxia Sector.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling anxious, more than a dozen repulsive-force flying cars suddenly appeared in his line of sight. They were heading toward him.

Xu Tui was not shocked. Instead, he was delighted.

He can hook the line!