Chapter 363 - Each Has Its Pros And Cons (1)

Chapter 363: Each Has Its Pros and Cons (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College committee came forward and held a high-level memorial service for Luo Shifeng.

The definition behind Luo Shifeng was—heroic sacrifice!

The definition of the attack was that some foreign organizations had ambushed Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui in order to obtain the research data on the passive genetic chain ability of reaction speed.

Luo Shifeng resisted and protected his student. He fought to the death and sacrificed himself heroically!

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was applying for the honorary title of martyr for Luo Shifeng.

Therefore, Luo Shifeng’s memorial service was very high-profile.

The Huaxia Genetic Committee had even sent a commissioner.

During the memorial service, Luo Shifeng’s mother, Grandma Wang, cried and fainted several times. Xu Tui felt as if a knife was being twisted in his heart.

Luo Shifeng was Grandma Wang’s only son. However, he had not gotten married, so he did not have any children all these years. He had finally calmed down and was about to get married and have children when he met someone like Feng Qian.

Xu Tui had already decided that since Luo Shifeng had no descendants, the matter of Grandma Wang’s retirement would be up to Xu Tui.

Actually, Xu Tui did not need to worry about her retirement.

Luo Shifeng was a professor at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and the director of the Neurology Department. His income was not bad. Although he did not have much savings because he bought a house in the capital, Luo Shifeng still had more than three million in savings from his pension and so on.

It was enough for his mother to live.

Grandma Wang was only 64 years old and still very healthy, however, in order to prevent Grandma Wang from running out of money,

Xu Tui used Luo Shifeng’s name to set up a special retirement allowance for Grandma Wang. Every month, he would transfer 10,000 dollars to Grandma Wang as if he was paying her a salary.

Of course, the money was deposited by Xu Tui and entrusted to the bank to be transferred on time.

Xu Tui deposited one million yuan in one go. In addition to the small amount of interest income from his fixed account, it was enough to support her for about ten years. He would continue to deposit the money after a few years.@@novelbin@@

10,000 yuan should be a good amount. It was enough for Grandma Wang to live in the capital. Of course, Xu Tui would also take care of her from time to time. If she fell sick, Xu Tui would also take extra care of her.

Every day, Xu Tui would spend some time with Grandma Wang, hoping that she would recover as soon as possible. However, most of the time, when Xu Tui saw Grandma Wang, she was hugging Luo Shifeng’s portrait and crying.

This made Xu Tui’s heart ache, but it also made him reflect.

He, Xu Tui, was also an only son. If Xu Tui died, how painful would his parents be?

It was unimaginable!

With this thought in mind, Xu Tui wanted to return home immediately. However, the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital asked Xu Tui to postpone it. Because of the Shamera incident, all kinds of people jumped out of the Blue Star. The veteran Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were even more restless.

Even in the Huaxia Sector, there were more than ten abnormal incidents.

Xu Tui could only postpone his trip. He was no longer afraid of danger. However, it would not be worth it if he returned home and brought the danger to his parents.

Other than that, Xu Tui cultivated even more diligently. The battle at the outer seas of Niyah, especially the death of Luo Shifeng, had greatly stimulated Xu Tui.

Strength!

Strength!

Strength!

Over the past few days, other than taking care of Luo Shifeng’s affairs and accompanying Grandma Wang every day, Xu Tui had entered a state of self-discipline that was close to self-abuse.

He used his time to the extreme every day. He also had a clearer understanding of his cultivation direction. This was especially so after his battle with Wang Ji. Xu Tui felt that he should put the genetic mutation on the agenda.

The ability that Xu Tui had activated and obtained was definitely a monstrous existence in the Genetic Liberation Realm.

There were more than 14 of them. It was definitely an SS-rank that was not publicly recorded. However, Xu Tui knew very well that there was a prerequisite for him to undergo a genetic mutation.

Xu Tui would definitely have to activate all the genetic base points in the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, before he could put the genetic mutation on his agenda.

However, this was about to be achieved.

Xu Tui had already activated the eighth genetic base point of the third level after he returned from the previous clearing mission. He had activated the tenth one before he set off for the academic exchange in Niyah.

After working hard for the past few days, not only had the eleventh one been activated, but the twelfth one would also be activated in the next few days.

However, the last genetic base point of the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique was extremely difficult to activate. It had been four consecutive days but there were still no signs of it being activated even with Xu Tui’s cultivation speed.

But it should be soon.

Xu Tui was prepared to ask An Xiaoxue about his genetic mutation after he activated it.

Xu Tui was faced with a few problems now, but he still had a choice.

The first choice was: According to the cultivation theory of normal genetic newcomers, the Genetic Liberation Realm was the time to build a foundation.

The number of genetic ability chains that a genetic newcomer could activate in the Genetic Liberation Realm and undergo genetic mutation was the number of genetic ability chains that could undergo mutation.

For example, if one unlocked nine genetic ability chains in the Genetic Liberation Realm, there would only be nine genetic ability chains that could directly mutate after the Genetic Mutation Realm.

Of course, it did not mean that he could not activate new genetic ability chains.

However, after reaching the Genetic Mutation Realm, the difficulty of activating the Genetic Ability Chain would increase exponentially.