Chapter 367 - 1.5 Times Increase And Restriction

Chapter 367: 1.5 Times Increase and Restriction

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, who had returned to his room, could not calm down after he had casually dealt with Luo Murong.

After activating all 72 genetic base points of the Genetic Miracle to form a large genetic ability chain, the improvement seemed to be very huge.

His mind power had doubled.

When Xu Tui met Luo Murong just now, he could actually sense Luo Murong’s thoughts in advance.

That was terrifying.

Although it was far from a prediction, he could sense the other party’s thoughts a little earlier.

Was it kind or malicious? All of these should be able to help Xu Tui.

At first glance, it looked magical. However, after thinking about it carefully, it did not seem to be unique.

For example, when Xu Tui was injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir, An Xiaoxue had even seen through Xu Tui’s thoughts of wanting to see through things. She was even fiercer than Xu Tui.

Another example was Wen Shao. He had mentioned his classmates’ thoughts many times in class.

Therefore, this prediction ability was not unique. It seemed that this is an ability that those people with stronger mind power would have.

Of course, Xu Tui would only know about the relevant details after he consulted An Xiaoxue tomorrow.

After that, Xu Tui prepared to test how much his mind power had increased through cultivation.

Xu Tui suddenly had a feeling that he had achieved his goal after he finished cultivating the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He started cultivating again. He did not know what to feel when he started cultivating with so many unlocked Genetic Ability Chains.

However, this feeling only lasted for a short moment. Xu Tui immediately made a choice.

After spending some time, he activated one of the physical fitness genetic ability chains and one of the underwater genetic ability chains. He spent the rest of his time cultivating the genetic base points related to the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

He needs to activate a total of 18 genetic base points for the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field, mainly concentrated in the lower limbs and torso. If one were to imagine the Vajra Barrier’s state, the 18 genetic base points in the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field were all in the right position.

When he observed the 21 genetic base points on the first level, he realized that the distance between each genetic base point was very close. These activated genetic base points were like a skeleton, making it convenient for the energy field to form the Vajra Shield.

With the training experience he had gained from the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, Xu Tui realized that the more genetic base points he had to form the Genetic Ability Chain, the greater his gains would be once the entire Genetic Ability Chain was connected.

There were a total of 72 genetic base points in the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. Xu Tui obtained a shocking improvement after he connected all of them.

What about the Vajra Tide Force Field then?

There were 21 genetic base points in the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field, 18 in the second level. Xu Tui did not know how many genetic base points there were in the third, fourth, and fifth levels.

However, there were already 39 genetic base points in the first two levels. If he activated all five levels, he would definitely activate more than 60 genetic base points. That might be a huge improvement for Xu Tui.

It might even bring about some additional abilities.

It was just like the 72 Genetic Base Points in the three levels of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Xu Tui was looking forward to it.

There were a total of 18 genetic base points in the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. Among them, six genetic base points had merged with the Major Heavenly Cycle genetic chain.

So he only needed to activate 12 genetic base points.

According to Meng Sixi, the difficulty of activating the Genetic Base Points of the Vajra Tide Force Field increased with each level. In their genetic ancient martial arts, those who could activate the 18 genetic base points of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field within a year were considered relatively fast geniuses.

Xu Tui had actually activated the first genetic base point of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

It was indeed a little difficult to activate. It took two days to activate the first one. Activating one consumed about two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.@@novelbin@@

The reason why it was difficult to activate was that the Genetic Base Points of the Vajra Tide Force Field formed a secondary genetic ability chain with the Major and Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain.

Every time he cultivated, a portion of the energy would be taken away by this secondary genetic ability chain. The energy would also be taken away by the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. This was under the circumstances that Xu Tui had activated his illusory introspection.

Only 50% of the energy could be gathered to the genetic base points that needed to be activated.

If it were anyone else, the activation time would naturally be longer. However, Xu Tui also understood that the energy taken away by the related genetic ability chains was not a waste. The energy that was taken away was also strengthening the genetic ability chain.

If he continues to cultivate, he might be able to upgrade his Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2 Silver one day.

This was probably what Shen Jiushuang meant when he said that good preparation is the key to success.

When Xu Tui’s 72 Genetic Base Points were connected, his mind power was fully restored due to the large amount of energy he had replenished.

Before he broke through, Xu Tui could consume a total of two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs and seven bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs when his mind power was full.

Xu Tui predicted that his cultivation efficiency would double when his mind power was full.

In the past, it would take 45 minutes to consume a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. A cultivation cycle would take about two and a half hours.

After breaking through, it would take 30 minutes to consume a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

However, Xu Tui had to use seven bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs in this cultivation cycle to exhaust his mind power to the limit.

The extent to which Xu Tui’s mind power had increased after this breakthrough was evident. His mind power should have increased by more than 1.5 times. Although the increase in his cultivation speed was huge, it took him three and a half hours to complete the cultivation cycle.

Time did not matter. It was mainly a matter of consumption.

A cultivation cycle of seven bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs cost 350,000 yuan a night. If he cultivated for a month, it would cost him more than 10 million yuan.

Xu Tui, whose net worth was close to 500 million, suddenly felt like he had been f*cked. He had just felt that he had become a tycoon. After all, he was worth 500 million.

However, Xu Tui’s net worth of 500 million would not be able to last long if he were to calculate the cost of his cultivation.

Xu Tui, who had just felt that he did not have to worry about money, suddenly felt a little unhappy. At this rate, he would not feel safe unless he had a net worth of hundreds of millions or even more than a billion dollars.

The only thing that made Xu Tui feel at ease was that he still had a huge amount of contribution points to back him up.

This way, Xu Tui’s improvement in his cultivation cycle would be considerable. It was comparable to the improvement of the other students in a month or two, or even more!

For example, Xu Tui consumed a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every day to activate the first genetic base point of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

However, after Xu Tui consumed seven bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs tonight, the second and third genetic base points of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field were activated. Not only that, the fourth genetic base point was also about to be activated.

This speed surprised Xu Tui.

He still needed to activate nine genetic base points for the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

Xu Tui would only need five to six days at most to activate all of them at this rate. He would finally master the ability of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field—the Vajra Barrier!

This made Xu Tui very happy.

After his breakthrough this time, his cultivation speed had increased by several times. In the future, his combat strength would definitely increase even faster.

However, the expenses were also increasing. He no longer had a sense of security.

Of course, he was not too worried.

With Xu Tui’s current abilities, it should not be difficult for him to earn money for his own cultivation.

Amidst his various thoughts, he fell into a deep sleep as usual. He set the alarm for six hours and fifteen minutes later.

According to his usual experience, Xu Tui’s mind power would be completely recovered after six hours of sleep.

Xu Tui wanted to know the last question. Would he be able to fully recover his mind power after he had more than doubled his mind power?

It would be great if he could!

He did not go to bed until it was almost four in the morning. It was already ten in the morning when Xu Tui was woken up by his alarm clock.

When he woke up and opened his eyes, Xu Tui had a bad feeling. He did not feel as energetic as before. When he woke up today, he felt that he had not slept enough and was not energetic enough.

Xu Tui subconsciously entered a meditative state. He switched to the introspective state and began to comprehend his mental state.

The result stunned Xu Tui.

Sixty-five percent.

After six hours of high-quality sleep, his mind power had only recovered by 65%.

According to this data, Xu Tui would need about nine to ten hours to completely recover his mind power when he reached the bottom.

If that was the case, Xu Tui’s mind power had increased by 1.5 times. However, his cultivation efficiency had not increased by 1.5 times. This was because the time taken to cultivate had increased, and the recovery time of his mind power had also increased.

In the past, he could barely complete three cultivation cycles a day if he cultivated at full strength and used his time to the extreme and did not do anything other than cultivate and sleep.

He would consume eight and a half bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

Right now, if he was cultivating in full strength and used his time to the extreme, he could complete two cultivation cycles a day. He would consume 14 bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

According to this conversion, Xu Tui’s cultivation efficiency had increased by 75% after he broke through. It had not doubled.

He understood that this should be another restriction on the cultivation efficiency of those with powerful mind power.

The stronger the mind power, the longer it would take to recover.

Under this restriction, Xu Tui’s insane cultivation speed was restricted. However, the consumption of energy was not that terrifying anymore.

Xu Tui was a little confused when he realized this.

Was this a good thing for him? Or was it something bad?

However, regardless of whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, Xu Tui packed up and headed to Research Institute No. 14.

He needed An Xiaoxue’s guidance on the direction of his cultivation, as well as the many questions he had after forming the Great Genetic Ability Chain.