Chapter 361 - Ruthless Means

Chapter 361: Ruthless Means

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was actually someone from the India Sector who wanted to take advantage of the situation!

According to the confession of the leader, Casori, their unit had received orders from the higher-ups to search for lone flying cars in the nearby sea area in the name of searching for Shamera.

There were thousands of them. More than 30 action teams searched the open sea through satellite intelligence.

The repulsive force flying cars that were alone were the most important targets. There was only one search mission. If they found Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, they would capture them at all costs. If they were not Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, they would have let them pass.

Of course, even if Xu Tui was not the one they found, they would not let them go easily. They had to get some benefits. If they cooperated, they would release them. If they did not cooperate, the sea would be the best place to destroy the evidence!

They would kill them and throw them into the sea. It would not take long before they could not even find their bones.

They had already harmed two people who were alone.

However, they did not expect that their team would encounter the real Xu Tui. Then, they were captured.

This was what the leader named Casori had told them. They were an emergency unit under the India Genetic Committee. They had been sent out to search this area two hours after the coup in Niyah last night.

“It’s very likely that someone in the India Sector knew that you and Professor Luo went to Niyah District and happened to encounter the Shamera coup, so they wanted to take advantage of the situation. After all, some people were still very anxious about studying the passive genetic chain ability that Professor Luo had invented. They don’t even want to wait for half a year!” Hu Tianshi said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that.

Hu Tianshi’s explanation made sense. The mastermind had sent out Wang Ji and his group of people who were very shrewd. They could not find a single trace from them. However, not only was the strength of this group of attackers ordinary, but the source of their origins was also extremely clear. This did not make any sense.

Moreover, Luo Shifeng had previously said that the India Sector wanted to invite them to the New India Genetic Evolution College in the India Sector for an academic exchange on the new neural response speed genetic chain.

Xu Tui refused.

They had a motive for picking up scraps.

The other party also knew that Xu Tui had gone to Niyah Sector and had coincidentally fallen into chaos. It was normal to send some people out to pick up scraps.

What if they happened to capture Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng alive? As long as they were captured alive, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng would be able to reveal the latest research results.

As for the consequences?

They could push the blame to the unrest in the Niyah Sector. What did it have to do with them?

What a good plan!

Xu Tui had originally wanted to fish out the mastermind and find out who the mastermind was. He wanted to take revenge for Luo Shifeng, remove the hidden danger for himself, and take revenge.

He did not expect that he would be able to catch a bunch of idiots like the Hindustani.

However, these guys were really bad.

If Xu Tui had really escaped alone, he might have plunged into their arms and been captured by them. Then, they would interrogate him and use a special biological potion.

At that time, Xu Tui would really wish he was dead.

“We’ll have time to interrogate the more specific information after we return. However, we can’t stay here for long.”

As he spoke, Hu Tianshi added, “Someone escaped just now. Moreover, the people of the India Sector who wanted to take advantage of the situation this time were the border defense emergency troops. I think we should get out of here right now.

“In case the other party becomes desperate and destroys all clues!” Hu Tianshi said solemnly.

This time, neither Xu Tui nor An Xiaoxue raised any objections.

Hu Tianshi was a professional in this area. Moreover, what Hu Tianshi said was highly possible. After being captured by the Special Intelligence Division and returning to the Huaxia Sector, the India Sector had to give the Huaxia Sector an explanation.

In order to avoid trouble, they probably will completely destroy all the clues.

“Captain Hu, I’ll listen to you now. You can arrange it, but what should we do with these captives?”

“Captive?”

An extremely cold smile appeared on Hu Tianshi’s face.

“I’ll handle this! You guys will leave in batches first. In order to prevent possible long-range guided weapon attacks, we have to act separately. Researcher Xu, are you in the same car as Director An or with our people?”

“I’m with Miss An.”

“Alright, there’s no time to lose. Let’s act immediately!”

Hu Tianshi arranged for the special agents to protect Xu Tui as they left in batches. At the same time, he instructed his men to deal with the captives.

Xu Tui, who had just gotten onto the flying car, could not help but shudder at the way the captives were handled.

They were beheaded on the spot! Then, he casually threw them into the sea!

Due to the limited manpower, Hu Tianshi only kept four captives alive, including their leader, Casori. The rest of the captives were killed on the spot and thrown into the sea.

However, Hu Tianshi was very smart.

Hu Tianshi did not avoid Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue when he did all of this. However, all of the beheading operations were carried out under the cover of the two repulsive-force flying cars. The satellite could not monitor this.

When the corpses entered the sea, the smell of blood soon attracted a large number of underwater creatures and even mutated underwater creatures.

In less than thirty minutes, the bones will not be found.

On the flying car, Xu Tui was extremely shocked by Hu Tianshi’s ruthless methods. However, he felt an inexplicable sense of satisfaction.

“Miss An, Captain Hu and the others should be fine, right?”

“They’re fine.”

An Xiaoxue’s expression did not change at all. “The history of the Huaxia Sector treating prisoners as masters has long passed. From 100 years ago, our Huaxia Sector has gradually become tougher to outsiders. Those who dared to attack us in the dark will always be returned the favor. If it wasn’t for the fact that our ruthlessness was known, how could the Huaxia Sector be so peaceful now?

“Right now, all the peace and tranquility in the Huaxia Sector has been achieved through the past hundred years!”

Xu Tui nodded. He had been living in the Huaxia Sector for a long time. His life was really comfortable. It was so comfortable that he did not want to change it.

However, Xu Tui realized that the number one security force in the Huaxia Sector and the number one security force in the universe was simply too precious after he had gone abroad for so many years.

“Miss An, I’ve caused trouble for you again this time, caused the Special Intelligence Division to make such a huge commotion and even implicated Mr. Luo…”

Xu Tui blamed himself.

“Don’t blame yourself. You can’t blame yourself for this. Actually, the Huaxia Genetic Committee also needs you to do academic exchanges. You’re my student. If you don’t give me some trouble, how can I be a teacher and educate you? As for the Special Intelligence Division, that was their duty.

“Professor Luo…”

At the mention of Luo Shifeng, An Xiaoxue’s heart ached. However, at this point, she was helpless.@@novelbin@@

“By the way, does Professor Luo have any last wishes?”

“Yes. He asked me to give all his inheritance to his mother. He asked me to help him take care of his mother.”

“Then help him. After all, he saved you.”

“Yes, Mr. Luo even asked me to help him fulfill his wish!”

“What is his wish?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“His wish?”

Xu Tui was suddenly stunned. What was Luo Shifeng’s wish? In an instant, he remembered.

Luo Shifeng had once casually mentioned his wish to Xu Tui—to spend a few years or even a dozen years in the future to reproduce and prove the second ability of the Genetic Chain of Neural Reaction Speed—Time Distortion.

“It’s an ability of the Genetic Chain of Reaction Speed,” Xu Tui replied softly.

“Then work hard at it. He should be very happy if you do it one day.”

“Yes!”

Xu Tui nodded heavily.

After the incident with the India Sector, Xu Tui told An Xiaoxue a lot about what had happened on the way. An Xiaoxue, who was driving, listened quietly and occasionally interrupted.

“Miss An, I saw Shamera at the bottom of the sea before you came.” Xu Tui thought about some things and decided to tell An Xiaoxue. He also had to discuss with An Xiaoxue about Shamera asking him to help deliver the letter.

God knew if Shamera had any thoughts of tricking Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue, who was driving, suddenly felt her hand tremble. She glanced at Xu Tui.

“We’ll talk about this when we get back!”