Chapter 368 - Three Cultivation Directions

Chapter 368: Three Cultivation Directions

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was a frequent visitor of the Research Institute Number 14. Usually, he would come over at noon or during lunch. Although there was still more than an hour before lunch, An Xiaoxue did not mind.

Based on An Xiaoxue’s current understanding, the Research Institute Number 14 belonged to her and Xu Tui.

Xu Tui could come whenever he wanted. After all, he would occasionally come over to do a few experiments.

For all genetic newcomers, after they had cultivated to a certain level, especially in the direction they had chosen, they would have to start various experiments to find a path for themselves. In the Great Genetic Era, although the predecessors had paved a path for their descendants, this path of cultivation was not long enough.

“You’re here.”

An Xiaoxue casually called out to Xu Tui before she started her research. She had recently purchased a few materials for mutated demon beasts and was preparing to conduct some new experiments.

However, An Xiaoxue suddenly felt that something was amiss. In the past, Xu Tui’s arrival gave An Xiaoxue the same feeling as a mosquito’s intrusion. When he was within the range of An Xiaoxue’s mental perception, he was as close to a tiny speck.

But today, it was blurry!

If she had not raised her head and seen that Xu Tui had arrived, An Xiaoxue would not have been able to confirm that it was Xu Tui just by sensing him with her mental perception.

Xu Tui’s aura seemed to be wrapped in a thick layer of eggshell. As Xu Tui walked toward her, he also gave An Xiaoxue a sense of invasion.

An Xiaoxue, who had just reacted, was instantly stunned!

Mind power Domain!

As a member of the Genetic Miracle, An Xiaoxue understood what was going on.

Xu Tui had completed the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He had completed the Greater Genetic Ability Chain of 72 Genetic Base Points. After completing the linkage of this great genetic ability, one’s mind power would greatly increase. At the same time, the cultivator would obtain another ability—mind power domain.

Of course, this ability was not unique to Genetic Miracles.

All Mystery Branch cultivators would form their own mind power domain when their mind power reached a certain level.

Mind power domains have many benefits.

To readers! our content is stolen.Please copy and search this link " /39hpcn6j " to support us

Firstly, one’s mind power would be more active within the range of the mind power domain. In other words, one’s mind power would be stronger.

Secondly, when one’s mind power reaches a certain level, one’s mind power could materialize to a certain extent within the range of the mind power domain. The advantage of materializing one’s mind power was that one’s mind power defense ability was even stronger.

In June of this year, An Xiaoxue was attacked on her way to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. She had single-handedly blocked the barrage of more than 30 firearms and three high-energy sniper rifles. The huge mind power defense shield that she had created was visible to the naked eye. It had materialized within the range of the mind power domain.

Its defensive power also increased greatly.

Furthermore, her mental perception in the mind power domain was even more meticulous. She even had the ability to predict the future. She could roughly determine the other party’s thoughts or even the direction of his actions with just a glance in her mind power domain.

Of course, it was just a general prediction. In scientific terms, it was a kind of information feedback from her mind power to the people or things in her mind power domain.

An Xiaoxue had experienced all of this before, so it was extremely clear. However, she was shocked by Xu Tui’s cultivation speed.

Xu Tui had told her that he had already cultivated to the second level before the Longhu List were released in September.

An Xiaoxue was shocked at that time. This cultivation speed was really very, very fast. It was even faster than her cultivation speed back then. Even if the cultivation speed of their Genetic Miracle was far faster than that of other cultivation factions, Xu Tui’s rate of improvement was extremely fast even when compared to Genetic Miracles.

At that time, An Xiaoxue had made a rough judgment. According to that speed, Xu Tui might be able to complete the most important Great Genetic Ability Chain of the Genetic Miracle in six to nine months.

But now, how long has it been?

Two months!

It had only been two months!

Previously, when An Xiaoxue made this judgment, she had used Xu Tui’s cultivation speed as a reference. However, she did not expect Xu Tui’s cultivation speed to be faster than she had expected.

School started in June. He started cultivating in mid-June. It was only mid-November now.

Five months!

Xu Tui completed the cultivation of the Great Genetic Ability Chain in just five months.

An Xiaoxue’s record was one year and six months! Mr. He had already called her a genius. This was because according to the cultivation plan of the Genetic Miracle, new students would be considered outstanding as long as they could complete the cultivation of the Great Genetic Ability Chain within two to three years.

Even if he completed the basic cultivation within four years, he would be able to enter the top 100 of the Longhu List with his combat strength. Unfortunately, Genetic Miracles had high requirements for specially recruited students. There were too few suitable students, so there were too few references.

However, no matter what, Xu Tui was definitely the first person to complete the cultivation of the Great Genetic Ability Chain and condense a mind power domain in five months. There was no record of the cultivation speed of Mr.Shang Long, the founder of the Genetic Miracle.

However, the cultivation speed of An Xiaoxue’s two teachers, Ji Qianli and He Yunfeng, was recorded. One was one year and eight months, while the other was two years. They were not as good as An Xiaoxue.

However, Xu Tui had taken five months.

For a moment, An Xiaoxue wanted to make an encrypted phone call to Mr. Ji and Mr. He to see if they had any other thoughts about Xu Tui’s training.

In the end, An Xiaoxue resisted the urge.

Xu Tui continued to cultivate step by step. When he reached the fork in the road, he would ask the teachers about his cultivation path.

With An Xiaoxue’s explanation, Xu Tui roughly understood why he could sense Luo Murong’s thoughts in advance.

Mind power domain!

In layman’s terms, this mind power domain was like turning Xu Tui’s mind power into water in a pool. If anyone or anything entered the pool, the water would sense it immediately. Whether he swam forward, backward, left, or right, he could sense the water.

Of course, a mind power domain was not omnipotent. The precognitive ability of the mind power domain was closely related to the target’s mind power level. If the target’s mind power was low and the difference between them was huge, just like the difference between An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui back in Jincheng Prefecture, An Xiaoxue could see through Xu Tui’s thoughts at a glance.

It was extremely terrifying!

However, when the difference in mind power between the target and himself was smaller, the effect of this ability would be smaller.

An Xiaoxue might not be able to sense what Xu Tui was going to say when he arrived at the Research Institute Number 14 before he broke through, but she could sense the direction of Xu Tui’s next action.

For example, An Xiaoxue could predict whether he would sit up, leave, or go to another room.

However, she could not do that after Xu Tui broke through.

After Xu Tui broke through, his mind power increased exponentially. The difference between his mind power and An Xiaoxue’s was greatly reduced. Xu Tui even formed his own mind power domain.

It was as if a signal jammer had been installed, causing An Xiaoxue’s mind power domain to lose its ability to sense Xu Tui’s movements. Previously, Xu Tui had sensed Luo Murong’s confusion in advance because Luo Murong was from the Extreme Branch. The difference in their mind power was rather large.

Other than that, there was another factor that affected his mind power domain—distance!

Mind power domains were centered around cultivators.@@novelbin@@

The deeper the cultivators went into the mind power domain, the closer they were to the center of the mind power domain, and the greater the perception and influence of the mind power domain.

The range of his mind power domain was similar to the range of his mental perception.

After receiving An Xiaoxue’s guidance, Xu Tui had roughly determined the range of his mind power domain. The range of his mind power domain was actually the same as the range of his accurate mental perception.

On the way here, Xu Tui tested the range of his mental perception again in the open area. The range of his blurry mental perception had been 48 meters before he broke through. Now, it was 122 meters. The range of his accurate mental perception before he broke through was 24 meters. Now, it was 61 meters.

This basically confirmed Xu Tui’s previous deduction. After his breakthrough, his mind power had increased by 1.5 times. Such an improvement could be considered a historical event for Xu Tui.

The combat radius of the flying sword directly reached a terrifying 122 meters. This was a battle radius that could only be achieved with a mental chain previously. If he used the mental chain now, the flying sword’s combat radius would probably easily exceed 300 meters.

This was extremely terrifying. Most handheld firearms or energy weapons only had an effective range of two to three hundred meters.

Xu Tui felt that even if he could not take someone’s head from a thousand miles away in the future, he should be able to do it from a thousand meters away. It would be even more impressive if he included the 12% increase in his mind power Origin Crystal that Shamera had given him.

The combat radius would increase by 12%, reaching an astonishing 136 meters. The arena of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was only 80 meters long.

“This time, you have condensed a great genetic ability chain. Be it the consumption or the increase in your mind power, it is actually relatively high. After condensing the Great Genetic Ability Chain, you had consumed nine bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. It was much more than what I had used back then.

“After I condensed the Great Genetic Ability Chain back then, I consumed a total of six bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs and 16 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs. The extent to which your mind power increases should be stronger than mine.

“Unfortunately, this was the Blue Star. If we were in the extraterrestrial base, there would be a mind power testing device, the value would be very intuitive. You would understand at a glance,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, they have a mind power testing device?” Xu Tui was surprised.

“Yes, there are many things in the extra-terrestrial that the Blue Star doesn’t have. Some of the instruments were not moved to the Blue Star because of their consumption and expensive prices.

“You’ll know when you go to the extra-terrestrial in December. By the way, since you’ve completed your 72-point Genetic Ability Chain, you need to confirm two things next,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Which two things?” Xu Tui already had a guess. It should be the direction of his future cultivation.

“First, when do you plan to undergo genetic mutation and advance to the Genetic Mutation Realm? Although you already have the strength of the Genetic Mutation Realm, after undergoing the genetic mutation, your basic qualities, including physical fitness, recovery ability, fatigue tolerance, and so on, will have a comprehensive improvement. The increase was not huge, but it was very useful.

“My suggestion is that you undergo at least one genetic mutation before you go to the extra-terrestrial,” An Xiaoxue said.

An Xiaoxue’s suggestion reassured Xu Tui. This was the advantage of having a teacher. She directly pointed out Xu Tui’s cultivation direction.

Although Xu Tui had many questions, he still asked patiently, “Miss An, what about the second matter?”

“The second thing is that you will face a fork in the road when you choose the cultivation direction of our Genetic Miracle. It’s divided into three cultivation directions: Thousand Miles, Myriad Swords, and Dimensional Explosion. It depends on which direction you choose to continue cultivating,” An Xiaoxue said.