Chapter 362 - Possible Gift

Chapter 362: Possible Gift

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

An Xiaoxue brought Xu Tui to Research Institute No. 14.

Xu Tui first took a hot shower and changed into a set of clean clothes. He ate the hot food that An Xiaoxue had prepared for him. As he ate, he told An Xiaoxue about his encounter with Shamera at the bottom of the sea.

He also told An Xiaoxue about how he had saved Shamera, how Shamera had given him the Origin Crystal, and how Shamera wanted him to deliver the letter.

“Your adaptability is not bad. You actually don’t have much choice when you encounter a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse like Shamera. However, Shamera didn’t make things too difficult for you. It doesn’t seem to be what the various Genetic Committee’s internal notices say about him being inhumane!”

At this point, An Xiaoxue’s expression turned serious. “But you can’t tell anyone else about this. It was a coincidence that you saved Shamera. However, it would be more troublesome in the eyes of those with ulterior motives. In the current situation, as long as someone tries to use this, it might bring us trouble.”

“I understand.”

“I’m not talking about your troubles. There aren’t many troubles that can implicate you. However, our teachers of the Genetic Miracle are all quasi-planetary or even planetary-level powerhouses. Do you understand?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Afraid?”

Xu Tui suddenly came to a realization.@@novelbin@@

“Yes. These things can’t be avoided. Less than an hour after the Shamera coup happened last night, I received a call from Mr. He. Mr. He said that he was supposed to come back in a month. However, judging from the current situation, he could not return yet. It would be too sensitive if he were to return from the extra-terrestrial during this period of time,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui understood what An Xiaoxue meant. He nodded and passed the two chips that Shamera had given him to An Xiaoxue.

“Miss An, these are the two chips that Shamera gave me. One is the letter that was sent out, and the other is the contact information. Ask Ah Huang to take a look and see if there are any problems. Especially the chip that I have to send out. Let’s see if we can decipher it,” Xu Tui said.

With a super quantum computer like Ah Huang, it should not be difficult to decipher this chip. After knowing the contents of the letter, the danger of sending another letter should be greatly reduced.

To Xu Tui’s surprise, Ah Huang gave him an answer a minute later.

“It’s not encrypted, but the content should be in the latest random and disorderly coding method. Basically, there is no possibility of deciphering it,” Ah Huang’s voice rang out.

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Ah Huang, even you can’t decipher the content?”

Dear readers!you are reading on our content stealing site.Please copy and search this link " /39hpcn6j " to support us

“There are no reference answers for this kind of completely random and disorderly coding code book. It is to randomly draw 6,000 to 20,000 characters from the existing human language to form the original code book. Then, we compared it to the contents of the randomly generated original password. Unless we obtain the original code book or the content generated based on this code book, there is basically no possibility of deciphering it,” Ah Huang said.

He had no choice. Shamera was a cunning person. The chip that he had given Xu Tui was not encrypted. However, the contents of the chip were deciphered in the most laborious way.

“I’ve heard of the person he wants you to find. Ultre Koopman, a relatively famous quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from the Europa League. However, I did not know what position he held in the extra-terrestrial, what his identity was, or where he was. After this, I’ll contact Mr. He and ask him to help you investigate the background of this Ultre Koopman before deciding whether to deliver this letter.

“If you don’t send this, I’ll have to prepare a case for you in advance to prevent you from being exposed and causing trouble,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded. Then, he took out a small bag and said, “Miss An, Shamera also gave me these. 10 Origin Crystals. In addition, he helped me fuse the flying sword and gave me an Origin Crystal that can increase my mind power.”

Xu Tui displayed all of these things to An Xiaoxue.

The Origin Crystal was more valuable. Xu Tui was holding onto it like a child holding onto a gold coin. He took it out and showed it to An Xiaoxue. It could be considered a record.

“Shamera gave you so many Origin Crystals in exchange for your help. He has a bottom line. However, these Origin Crystals were in their initial state and had not been processed further.

“Initially, Mr. He had planned to rush back before you left for the extra-terrestrial. He wanted to help you strengthen your flying sword and prepare an Origin Crystal to increase your mind power as a gift. I did not expect that he would not be able to return for the time being because of Shamera’s incident.

“But that’s good too. You can use these first. As for the rest, you can ask Mr. He for them when you get to the extra-terrestrial,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Mr. He has a gift?” Xu Tui’s eyes immediately lit up.

“Of course! It’s not just Mr. He. If Mr. Ji sees you, he will definitely give you a greeting gift. If he doesn’t, I will embarrass him.”

At this point, An Xiaoxue suddenly became a little fascinated. “If you can meet Mr. Shang, he will definitely have a gift.”

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard that. “Mr. Shang Long is still alive?”

“I think so!”

At this point, An Xiaoxue extended her right hand slightly. The five silver rings that were as thin as hair were displayed in front of Xu Tui.

What Xu Tui saw were An Xiaoxue’s slender fingers that were alternating between red and white. She also had a light-colored fingernail that she had used to make a few silver stars.

Her hands were really beautiful.

An Xiaoxue blushed when she sensed the change in Xu Tui’s gaze. “I asked you to look at the ring. What are you looking at?”

“Uh… Miss An, I’m looking at the ring. It’s… really beautiful!”

“This ring is a gift that Mr. Shang gave me seven years ago. One ring can increase my mind power by 8%. Five rings can increase my mind power by 40%. At the same time, it could reduce the consumption of mind power by 30%. As long as I wear it on my finger, when my mind power falls below 60%, it can also speed up the recovery of my mind power.

“Most importantly, it could be used to unleash mind power and counterattack. Due to the special nature of its production, the enhancement and reduction of the consumption of mind power consumed very little energy. It could be used more than ten thousand times!

“Only when I used my mind power in an emergency would it consume a large amount of the ring’s physical strength. It would allow me to unleash my mind power about ten times.

“I’ve already unleashed three times. I can unleash about seven more times.”

An Xiaoxue’s words reminded Xu Tui of An Xiaoxue’s outburst on the way to the Capital to save them. Under the continuous sniping of several high-powered electric sniper rifles and the bombardment of more than 30 firearms and energy weapons, they counterattacked.

After killing the enemy, An Xiaoxue fainted. She must have used the power of the ring during that explosion.

Xu Tui was a little envious.

In terms of attributes for the supernatural weapon, Xu Tui’s mind power Origin Crystal could only increase mind power by 12%. It only had one attribute. On the other hand, An Xiaoxue’s ring was extremely powerful. Not only did it have four attributes, but the increase in attributes was also three times that of Xu Tui’s.

It was simply…

“Miss An, when can I see Mr. Shang?” If Xu Tui could get a similar supernatural weapon from Shang Long, Xu Tui felt that it would not be a problem for him to kill enemies of a higher level.

“I don’t know either.”

An Xiaoxue shook her head. “You can ask Mr. He when you reach the extra-terrestrial. Mr. Shang went to a mysterious area six years ago and there has been no news from him.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

…..

Hu Tianshi, the captain of the special operations team of the Capital Special Intelligence Division, had been waiting for Xu Tui ever since he left the Research Institute Number 14.

“Researcher Xu, we have some questions regarding this incident, including the death of Professor Luo Shifeng, that you need to answer and assist in the investigation,” Hu Tianshi said.

This was what he should do. Xu Tui followed Hu Tianshi to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College branch of the Special Intelligence Division to make a statement.

Xu Tui had experienced everything, so his answer was very simple. However, when he recalled the details, especially the details of Luo Shifeng’s death, Xu Tui could not help but sob again.

However, in the end, Hu Tianshi and Wang Guangnan asked Xu Tui an extremely sharp question.

“Researcher Xu, we discovered that at 5:46 this morning, your personal account received a huge sum of money from Professor Agassi of the Neurology Department of Genetic Evolution College in Niyah. The sum was as high as 16 million. We hope you can explain this,” Hu Tianshi said.

Xu Tui was not surprised by Hu Tianshi’s question. In the current society, there were traces of large amounts of funds in any individual account. It would be a dereliction of duty if the Special Intelligence Division did not realize that.

Fortunately, Xu Tui was prepared.

“Take a look at this video.”

Xu Tui’s personal communication device had been damaged by the particle pulse electromagnetic bomb. However, the only things that had been damaged were the connection, positioning, and specific frequency docking functions.

Some of the basic functions of the hardware of the personal communication equipment could still be used.

Like video.

Xu Tui had taken a video while he was interrogating Agassi. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have dared to take the money. If he did not have this recording, it would be difficult for Xu Tui to get the money, especially since he had killed Agassi.

Hu Tianshi and Wang Guangnan looked at the recording at the same time. In the recording, Xu Tui’s ruthlessness shocked them. Especially when they saw the almost infinite cycle of torture. The two of them felt a chill run down their spines.

There were not many people who could withstand the threat of such torture. They saw that Xu Tui had agreed to let Agassi transfer the money and accept the money, but he still killed Agassi in the end.

They looked at Xu Tui with a hint of fear.

This sunny-looking youth was definitely a ruthless character!

They did not know what it meant to be his friend, but they could tell from the video that being Xu Tui’s enemy was definitely a terrifying thing.

“Alright, the problem is clear. We will destroy this video after handing it over to the higher-ups for review! Researcher Xu, you can leave now. However, don’t leave the Huaxia Sector for the time being. There are still some disturbances outside the Huaxia Sector.” Hu Tianshi said.

“Alright, thank you! Please inform me if there are any clues from the laboratory about the interrogation of Casori and some of Wang Ji’s belongings, including all of Wang Ji’s information!”

Before he left, Xu Tui gritted his teeth. A cold light shone in his eyes.