Chapter 364 - Each Has Its Pros And Cons (2)

Chapter 364: Each Has Its Pros and Cons (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The theory in the book was that it was the siphon effect that made it much more difficult for cultivators after the Genetic Mutation Realm to activate a new genetic ability chain. They might have to put in three or even five times the effort compared to when they were at the Genetic Liberation Realm to activate the new genetic ability chain.

Therefore, those cultivators who wanted to strengthen themselves would only break through when they had unlocked enough genetic ability chains or formed their own combat system.

The choice was: should Xu Tui continue to train his foundation in the Genetic Liberation Realm? Or should he use the directional genetic mutation elixir to reach the Genetic Mutation Realm and quickly increase his strength?

Xu Tui still had a question about this. It was because the Genetic Miracles had the ability to activate genetic base points with their own technique. How was the situation for cultivators of the Genetic Miracles to activate their Genetic Ability Chain after they broke through?

These were Xu Tui’s current questions.

Xu Tui had another extremely important question. He planned to make a trip to the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association to see if his teacher, Shen Jiushuang, had returned.

Xu Tui had just completed the activation of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain. He had just started cultivating the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

The Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui had obtained after completing the second level of the Vajra Tide was an ability that he placed great importance on. Once he mastered this ability, his ability to defend and survive on the battlefield would be greatly enhanced.

Then, there was another problem. If Xu Tui advanced and entered the Genetic Mutation Realm, would it affect his cultivation of the Vajra Tide Force Field?

There was also the question of whether the cultivation of the School of General Senses would be affected by the breakthrough.

These required the guidance of a teacher.

Xu Tui would not be able to find out anything if he looked for the information himself. At this moment, the benefits of being a senior teacher were revealed.

On Saturday, Xu Tui came to the Research Center of the School of General Senses to see Qu Qingshan.

Qu Qingshan and Luo Shifeng were close friends. They were also bad influences to each other. However, their relationship was definitely the strongest.

Due to Luo Shifeng’s sacrifice, Qu Qingshan had been a little dispirited for many days. He did not even care much about the bald head that he was proud of. Black stubble had grown on the side of his head.

“You’re here. Sit!”

Qu Qingshan led Xu Tui into his office. Before Xu Tui could speak, Qu Qingshan asked, “How’s the investigation going?”

“They’re still investigating. Many of the existing connections have been wiped clean. We’ve just found out something when we lost the clues. However, there were many things in this world that would eventually leave behind clues after they were done. We should be able to find something,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright. If you have any results and need my help, just call me. There’s no need to stand on ceremony,” Qu Qingshan said as he looked steadily at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned. He was a little dazed. Qu Qingshan was telling Xu Tui that if he found any clues and wanted to avenge Luo Shifeng, he had to drag him along.

“Mr. Qu, if there is…”

“I told you not to stand on ceremony with me. If you have any actions, remember to drag me along.” Qu Qingshan roughly interrupted Xu Tui.

While Xu Tui was stunned, Qu Qingshan rubbed his bald head. “You don’t know, but Feng Qian was introduced to Old Luo by my girlfriend. It was me who called Old Luo, that was when he got to know Feng Qian. If it weren’t for me…”

Qu Qingshan blamed himself.

Qu Qingshan was one of the few people who knew the truth. He knew that Feng Qian was a spy. Luo Shifeng only died in battle because he knew that Feng Qian had harmed him first. Unfortunately, Qu Qingshan’s girlfriend had disappeared after the incident.

In other words, he had been tricked!

The mastermind’s net was really big.

“I’ll remember that.”

Xu Tui nodded in agreement under Qu Qingshan’s intense gaze.

“Mr. Qu, I have plans to undergo genetic mutation recently. I want to advance to the Genetic Mutation Realm to increase my strength. However, what I want to know is, after advancing to the Genetic Mutation Realm, will it have a great impact on the cultivation of our School of General Senses?”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui asked, “Should I slowly build a solid foundation before breaking through, or should I break through first before slowly cultivating?”

Qu Qingshan looked at Xu Tui and stared at him for a long time before saying, “This question is not easy to answer. But I can give you an example.

“For example, Ji Gui, who was the most famous person in the School of General Senses at this stage, had not undergone any genetic mutation back then. He had been bitterly cultivating the Mountain Formula.

“After reaching the Greater Mastery stage, he only focused on the Mountain Formula. He broke through to the Genetic Mutation Realm in half a month, then he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm three years later. Ever since then, he was invincible among his peers.

“However, he had been trapped in school for five years. If not for my guarantee, he might even have been expelled.

“There’s my other student. He mutated first and then went to the extra-terrestrial to train. He obtained a large number of cultivation resources in various battles. He is also in the Genetic Evolution Realm now, and his strength is not inferior to Ji Sili.

“If it weren’t for the fact that he’s learned a lot of other subjects, he might have been able to compete with Ji Gui.”

At this point, Qu Qingshan said softly, “The more Genetic Ability Chains you activate, the better. The more it was activated, the more difficult it would be to improve in the later stages. Many genetic newcomers were trapped in the Genetic Mutation Realm or the Genetic Evolution Realm because they had activated too many genetic ability chains back then.

“However, on the other hand, those who activated more genetic ability chains would have stronger combat strength and stronger survivability at the same level. Many abilities that looked very ordinary when one was in the Genetic Liberation Realm would undergo earth-shattering changes after constant mutation and evolution.

“Therefore, the timing of the breakthrough depends on the individual. The pros and cons are hard to determine!” Qu Qingshan said.

Qu Qingshan’s explanation was very clear, but Xu Tui felt a little helpless. It was as good as not saying anything. Everyone had their pros and cons. Xu Tui had to make his own choice.

“However, the cultivation methods of the School of Enlightened Mind, especially your Genetic Miracles, are different from other genetic newcomers. You should ask your teacher, An Xiaoxue, about this. Her suggestion should be more helpful to you than mine,” Qu Qingshan suddenly said.

Xu Tui nodded. “Mr. Qu, what are the instantiation abilities of the water element?”

Qu Qingshan was stunned. “You sensed the original quantum frequency of water?”

“That day, I was trapped at the bottom of the sea. In a moment of desperation, I suddenly sensed the original quantum frequency of the water and used it to escape!” Xu Tui explained.

Qu Qingshan was dumbfounded!

“Damn, an epiphany! How did you encounter the legendary epiphany in the ancient books? Quickly tell me so that I can refer to it?” Qu Qingshan asked.

“I’m not too sure either. Perhaps I was in a life-and-death situation at that time. There were Genetic Evolution Realm experts searching for me above my head. I was hiding underwater when I suddenly sensed it.”

Xu Tui made something up. He could tell An Xiaoxue about Shamera, but he could not tell Qu Qingshan.

Xu Tui could sense that Qu Qingshan treated him very well and thought highly of him. However, there are different shades of closeness. Besides, secrets were not secrets if too many people knew about them.

“Life and death situation… Coupled with the stimulation of Old Luo’s sacrifice…”

After a while, Qu Qingshan let out a long sigh. “Sigh, I’m afraid it’ll be very difficult for you to experience such an epiphany again. Even if someone fell into the same situation as you, they might not be able to have such an epiphany.

“There are also more water-element visualization abilities. For example, water pillars, water puppets, tidal waves, water restraints, water mist, water bubbles, water curtains, and water mirrors. Among them, ice-element superpowers are actually considered branches of the water-element.

“How about this? I’ll send you all the relevant information later. I realized that your learning progress can’t be reasoned with. Moreover, you have a history of having an epiphany. I’ll send you the relevant information. If you study it carefully, you might be able to have an epiphany at some point,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Thank you, Mr. Qu.”

“I’ll send you the abilities of the mountain, water, and ice elements by the School of General Senses. By the way, your epiphany this time was realized in the sea. Therefore, it was best to go to the sea to cultivate the original quantum frequency of the water. Under the same circumstances, the water-type superpower cultivated in the sea is stronger than the one cultivated in rivers and lakes,” Qu Qingshan reminded.

After thanking him again, Xu Tui left.

On the way back to the dormitory, Xu Tui received a call from Zhuang Ziqiang.

“Brother Xu, let’s meet up with Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and the others tomorrow. We’ve already obtained all the rewards from the previous mission!”

“Alright!”