Chapter 366 - The Great Genetic Ability Chain Is

Chapter 366: The Great Genetic Ability Chain Is a Little Mysterious

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At night, in the dormitory.

Xu Tui, who was in the illusory introspective state, was a little speechless as he looked at the last genetic base point of the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

He drank another bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. The last genetic base point was rapidly expanding, but it was not activated. This was the final genetic base point of the secret technique that specialized in mind power.

There were a total of 72 on the third level. This was the last one.

In reality, Xu Tui had already started attacking the last genetic base point four days ago. Including today, he had already consumed six bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs. In terms of money, that was 300,000 yuan.

It felt like it was about to activate, but it just wouldn’t.

Xu Tui was a little hesitant. Should he follow his cultivation plan and cultivate the other cultivation items, or should he challenge the last genetic base point?

It had to be said that Xu Tui’s state of mind was not as calm as an ancient well. In the end, he could not suppress the anticipation. He drank another bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and continued to attack.

Forty-five minutes later, a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir was completely consumed. Under the illusory introspection, the last genetic base point on the third level expanded more and more.

He felt that he was just one step away.

He still had some mind power left.

Based on his previous cultivation, Xu Tui’s current mind power allowed him to consume two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and seven bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Xu Tui gulped down five bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

He charged again!

Twenty minutes later, the last genetic base point on the third level suddenly expanded into a fist-sized white ball of light.

When it swelled to its limit, it suddenly seemed to have broken through some obstruction. It squeezed into a white line and flowed back into the genetic base points that had been activated previously.

“It’s done!”

Xu Tui was elated.

Under the illusory introspection, starting from the last genetic base point, the genetic base points of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique started to light up, directly forming a white line.

Xu Tui felt all the energy in his body surge toward this point. Suddenly, he recalled a very important sentence recorded in the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

When the last genetic base point was activated, he had to replenish a large number of Energy Restoration Elixirs in a short period of time. He had to replenish at least 30 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

The more the merrier!

Xu Tui did not think too much about it. He immediately consumed a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. The reverse flow of light that had been a little weak just now suddenly seemed to have received support from the reinforcements. The speed of the reverse flow increased.

The genetic base points that had already been activated were connected by a substantial energy beam.

First, it was the 12 genetic base points on the third level. When they connected into a line, they trembled slightly. The 12 genetic base points on the third level formed a whole and charged towards the 24 genetic base points on the second level.

The speed of the impact slowed down slightly.

Xu Tui gulped down another bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. Not long after, he gulped down another bottle. Only then did the 24 genetic base points in the second level connected into one. Then, it connected with the 12th genetic base point in the third level to form a thick beam of energy that charged towards the 36 genetic base points in the first level.

After observing it carefully, Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised to discover that the brightness of the Genetic Base Points that had flowed through the white light had increased to a certain extent. Although they were far from reaching Level 2 Silver, they had improved to a certain extent compared to before.

The increase of one genetic base point was not a big deal. With so many genetic base points increasing at the same time, the increase in Xu Tui’s strength would be much greater.

Xu Tui had to drink three bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs to connect the 36 Genetic Base Points on the first level.

First, the 36 genetic base points on the first level connected into a large energy beam. The 24 genetic base points on the second level and the 12 genetic base points on the third level were divided into three sections.

The three-part Genetic Ability Chain Curves were almost tangible.

However, following that, the three clearly separated Genetic Ability Chain Curves combined into a long curve. White energy light constantly flowed.

The 80% of the flowing energy in his body was automatically absorbed into the 72 Genetic Base Points that formed the Genetic Ability Chain.

Other than the lowest requirement, without the intervention of mind power, the energy and light obtained from the other genetic ability chains would be very little.

Xu Tui suddenly understood.

The siphon effect!

The siphon effect of the chain curve of a great genetic ability.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He suddenly understood why he had been asked to prepare more Energy Restoration Elixirs in the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. It could even be said that the more the better.

Actually, their teacher had asked them to use the siphon effect to quickly cultivate and improve themselves in a short period of time when the curve of the great genetic ability had just been formed.

Xu Tui drank another bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir without hesitation.

He began to carefully observe the changes in the genetic ability chain in his body when he saw that the curve of the great genetic ability chain was once again rapidly attracting energy to strengthen his genetic base points. He even used his microscopic sensing ability.

Soon, Xu Tui made a discovery.

The most energy of the siphoning effect of the chain that contained 72 genetic base points were distributed to the water puppet genetic ability chain.

The Water Puppet Genetic Ability Chain only had seven Genetic Base Points, but three of them had been strengthened to Level 2 Silver. Therefore, he could resist the siphon effect of this great genetic ability chain on energy.

It was not just the Genetic Ability Chain Curve of the Water Puppet. Any Genetic Ability Chain that Xu Tui had strengthened to Level 2 silver Genetic Base Points would be able to resist the siphon effect of the Greater Genetic Ability Chain.

On the contrary, those Genetic Ability Chains that were purely composed of Level 1 Genetic Base Points did not have the ability to resist the siphon effect.

For example, the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula could only obtain a little of the most basic energy distribution.

In other words, if Xu Tui did not take the initiative to cultivate it, the Genetic Ability Chain of the Stab Formula would not improve no matter how many years passed. As for genetic base points that had yet to form a genetic ability chain, there was no need to mention them.

Xu Tui had personally experienced the siphon effect during his training. He also had his own understanding of it.

Basically, Xu Tui had to drink a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every ten minutes.@@novelbin@@

In the end, Xu Tui drank a total of nine bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs starting from the formation of the Great Genetic Ability Chain formed by the 72 Genetic Base Points. The siphon effect only gradually slowed down after two hours.

Xu Tui became a little anxious when he drank the ninth bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. If it was still not enough, he would have to call Cheng Mo to help him purchase Energy Restoration Elixir.

Xu Tui had bought 30 bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs the last time. He originally wanted to use them for half a month.

He had used 18 bottles over the past few days. He had consumed 17 bottles today. It was almost not enough.

After replenishing so much energy, the energy in the 72 Genetic Base Point Greater Genetic Ability Chain that he had just formed also obtained a relative balance in Xu Tui’s body.

The siphon effect disappeared.

However, Xu Tui was not satisfied.

This siphon effect was simply a sharp weapon for cultivation. The past few hours were equivalent to four to five days of Xu Tui’s full concentration in cultivating the 72-point Genetic Ability Chain. If he just counted the number of bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, it would be equivalent to seven to eight days of special training for Xu Tui.

However, this was not the only improvement.

Xu Tui felt that after he activated the last genetic base point in the third level, his mind power would increase greatly with every level that he condensed into a greater genetic ability chain.

It had at least doubled!

Xu Tui felt that his mind power had at least doubled after this breakthrough. He wanted to test the specific extent of his improvement. Firstly, he wanted to continue cultivating and see how much Level D Energy Restoration Elixir he could consume.

However, Xu Tui had expended a lot of bottles today. He did not have many bottles of Energy Restoration Elixir left. There was only one bottle of Level D and 20 bottles of Level E left.

Therefore, Xu Tui decided to use the range of his mental perception to test it.

After the 11th genetic base point of the third level was activated, it was 48 meters without the enhancement of the Origin Crystal.

Xu Tui’s mind power instantly spread out in all directions and began to calculate the distance. He saw Luo Murong next door the moment he released his mind power. He was sleeping under a pure-colored blanket.

He scanned the area with his mind power. Luo Murong, who was sleeping soundly, suddenly opened his eyes slowly. Xu Tui was shocked. He thought that Luo Murong had discovered his mental perception.

He was about to enjoy Luo Murong’s lion’s roar and break his mental perception. However, the strange thing was that Luo Murong frowned. There seemed to be a faint energy field fluctuation as he sensed the changes in his surroundings. He seemed to have sensed something amiss, but he did not discover any signs. He was not too sure.

Xu Tui was stunned.

This time, Luo Murong did not notice his mental perception? He did not notice that it was coming from his side.

In the end, Luo Murong, who was lying on the bed, trembled slightly. An energy field that was difficult to see with the naked eye shook slightly. Xu Tui immediately lost his mental perception with Luo Murong.

However, Xu Tui’s mental perception did not stop. He walked around Luo Murong’s room and continued to sense into the distance.

Xu Tui was stunned.

There was such an effect after the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique had been activated and the 72 Genetic Base Points had been linked together?

Xu Tui was very surprised. He was even more surprised by the distance of his mental perception.

109 meters!

It was projected 109 meters out of the dormitory building.

Of course, it was the blurry perception. This was also the reason why he had passed through dozens of walls. If it was in the open space, it should be further away.

His mental perception range increased by 61 meters.

The increase was too great!

Did that mean that Xu Tui’s mind power had increased by 1.27 times? If that was the case, theoretically speaking, Xu Tui’s combat strength, his superpowers, and the power of his flying sword would all be multiplied.

His combat strength would definitely increase exponentially.

Moreover, this was Xu Tui’s preliminary test.

Xu Tui was a little anxious. He wanted to test the extent of his mind power through cultivation.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s pharmaceutical center was guarded 24 hours a day.

Xu Tui was so anxious that he decided to get dressed. Even though it was midnight, he still ran toward the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Pharmacy Center. He bought 30 bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs at a discounted price.

Then, he returned to the dormitory to start the test.

When he returned to the dormitory, he did not know if his movements had woken Luo Murong up or if his mental perception had startled him.

Luo Murong also came out to take a look when Xu Tui returned. He was about to speak when he saw Xu Tui return late at night.

However, before Luo Murong spoke, Xu Tui had a strange feeling in his heart. Luo Murong seemed to have a question.

Just as this faint feeling rose, Luo Murong’s voice rang out. “Eh, Xu Tui, why are you running around in the middle of the night?”

Xu Tui was stunned.

This was a little mysterious!