Chapter 369 - Xu Tui’S Choice

Chapter 369: Xu Tui’s Choice

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Since she wanted Xu Tui to choose his cultivation direction, An Xiaoxue naturally had to explain these three cultivation directions to Xu Tui in detail.

Although the literal meaning was very straightforward, if it was really that simple, it would not have been listed as a cultivation direction by the genetic miracle.

A thousand miles. [Chinese: Qianli]

The most famous person in the Genetic Miracle was Ji Guoliang, He Yunfeng’s guide, He Yunfeng’s teacher, and Shang Long’s first student. His nickname was Ji Qianli.

This was the fundamental reason why Ji Guoliang was known as Ji Qianli.

However, the cultivation direction of the Genetic Miracle was not only about killing enemies from a thousand miles away. The cultivation direction of the Genetic Miracle, Thousand Miles, represented concentration, single-mindedness, and high precision. Thousand Miles was just its external characteristics.

Among the three cultivation directions, just the power of the flying sword alone was definitely the best.

Faster, farther, more lethal, and more accurate. Every characteristic represented a related ability.@@novelbin@@

For example, in terms of farther, it would be the ability of the mental chain.

In terms of accuracy, he had to cultivate another ability called Sword Eyes Sword Heart. Moreover, this ability was universal. After mastering it, no matter what weapon it was, it would have a sharp eye and heart. There was also Spear Eye Spear Heart. However, their names did not sound good.

In terms of speed, he had to cultivate a related ability called Spiral Force.

This cultivation branch, Thousand Miles, was actually a comprehensive entity. In a one-on-one situation where they maintained a certain distance, those who cultivated Thousand Miles would definitely win against those who cultivated Myriad Swords.

Myriad Swords. [Chinese: Wanjian]

It could be understood in a literal sense. They were more inclined to group attacks. Its basic ability was crowd control.

It was just like how An Xiaoxue could control more than 30 silver pills to attack at the same time after she possessed the ability of crowd control. Even though Xu Tui’s mind power had increased tremendously after his breakthrough, he could only control five silver pills at the same time.

Of course, this was just the basics.

Myriad Swords could only unleash the corresponding power after cultivating advanced abilities such as mental jump and mental array. Compared to Thousand Miles, the survival ability of Myriad Swords was much stronger.

According to An Xiaoxue, if one cultivated the Myriad Swords to the Greater Mastery stage, it would be very normal for a cultivator to be invincible against opponents of the same level or even those of a higher level.

Within the combat radius, Thousand Miles could not defeat Myriad Swords. Outside the combat radius, Myriad Swords might lose.

However, Myriad Swords had an obvious flaw. It consumed a lot of cultivation resources.

Taking flying swords as an example, cultivators who cultivated Thousand Miles would usually prepare one main flying sword and three to five auxiliary flying swords. Moreover, they could use all their resources on the main flying sword.

But what about the Myriad Swords?

Putting aside the fact that he had to prepare 10,000 flying swords, it was normal for him to prepare 200 to 300 flying swords to form an array to deal damage. Moreover, in order to fully unleash one’s combat strength, one had to strengthen at least one-tenth or even one-fifth of the flying swords to a certain extent.

Therefore, although An Xiaoxue’s guide, He Yunfeng, had the nickname of He Wanjian, he was the poorest person in the Genetic Miracle.

Other people’s teachers would spend resources on their disciples. When He Yunfeng first went to the extra-terrestrial, An Xiaoxue even used part of the research funds from the Research Institute Number 14 to subsidize her teacher.

Xu Tui was a little speechless.

Why was Mr. He, who cultivated the Myriad Swords, in such a miserable state? He even had his student subsidize him!

He Yunfeng had been staying in the extra-terrestrial all these years to obtain more cultivation resources to improve himself. After all, it was a little embarrassing to always have his students make up for it.

In the past year or two, He Yunfeng’s condition had improved. He started to repay the Research Institute Number 14. It was not a large sum, but it was a good start.

The third cultivation direction of the Genetic Miracle was Dimensional Explosion!

Actually, it was not accurate to call it a dimensional explosion.

This was a cultivation branch of a Genetic Miracle that Shang Long had developed more than ten years ago. Unlike the vigorous atmosphere of the two cultivation branches, Thousand Miles and Myriad Swords, the Dimensional Explosion cultivation branch was a little strange.

According to Shang Long, the cultivation branch of the Dimensional Explosion was obtained after he came into contact with the latest and most advanced quantum theory of extraterrestrial beings.

The fundamental theory of origin was the quantum entanglement state.

This specific theory regarding the quantum entanglement state was very complicated and obscure. Currently, the Blue Star’s research on the quantum entanglement state was only in the elementary state.

However, the latest quantum entanglement theory of extraterrestrial beings had reached another level. When two or more particles had a specific interaction, they would become quantum entangled. This was the initial research progress of the Blue Star.

However, the latest theory of extraterrestrial beings proved that particles that entered the state of quantum entanglement could still affect each other under certain conditions, even if they were far away. They could respond to each other and change in real time.

Technology theory was theory. Even with the theory on hand, it was extremely difficult to put it into practice.

Shang Long had helped the Blue Star obtain these quantum theories, but the Blue Star was not good enough in other aspects. There had been no progress in this aspect.

Shang Long, on the other hand, began to change his direction. He used the theory of the quantum entanglement state to try to cultivate and study it. This was because Shang Long discovered that this quantum entanglement state could explain a lot of things that were very mysterious in the past.

Many things that were defined as myths and legends in history could be explained by the quantum entanglement state.

For example, the ability of Void Transference recorded in a novel called “King of Creation”. Another example was the legendary spatial portal.

If it was based on the quantum entanglement state, it could be barely explained.

Of course, Shang Long was only guessing. It was not something that could be confirmed or even replicated overnight.

Therefore, Shang Long used the theory of the quantums responding to each other, influencing each other, and changing in real-time while in the long-distance state of the quantum entanglement state. After thousands of attempts, he had figured out the cultivation direction of the ability.

However, after Shang Long figured out the direction of the ability, his only two students, Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng, were unwilling to change their cultivation direction before they had completely mastered their abilities.

In the end, the direction of the Dimensional Explosion cultivation fell on An Xiaoxue.

The difficulty of cultivating Dimensional Explosion was several times that of cultivating a Thousand Miles or Myriad Swords. Moreover, without the cultivation experience of her predecessors, An Xiaoxue’s progress in the Dimensional Explosion over the years was rather slow.

She had only succeeded a while ago.

The ability of Dimensional Explosion was the Silver Hair Explosion ability that Xu Tui had seen An Xiaoxue use. The specific nature of the ability was a little complicated in scientific terms. To put it simply, the cultivation direction of Dimensional Explosion was that after cultivating related abilities, an attack could instantly cross space and appear in front of the enemy.

The attack method was strange and unpredictable.

It was a little like sending an attack directly to the enemy through a dimensional space. That was why it was called Dimensional Explosion. After hitting the target, it could also erupt once through this quantum entanglement connection.

It was also extremely powerful.

The disadvantage was that the cultivation progress was rather slow, and she lacked cultivation resources. She still had to explore her next cultivation direction after she succeeded.

“How is it? Which cultivation direction did you choose?” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui and asked calmly after she explained everything to him.

“This…”

Xu Tui was a little hesitant. “Miss An, I have a question. Did the founder of our Genetic Miracle, Mr. Shang Long, train in all three areas?”

“I’m not too sure.”

An Xiaoxue shook her head. “Mr. Shang first created the Thousand Miles Sword Technique, followed by the Myriad Swords Formation. He should have cultivated both of them. It’s hard to say about the Dimensional Explosion he created last.

“During the most crucial step of this Dimensional Explosion, I had gone through a total of five rounds of clone experiments. I had consumed nearly 200 clones before I found a suitable elixir formula. This is also the reason why I’ve been stuck in the Genetic Mutation Realm for the past few years,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui came to a realization when he heard that.

According to Xu Tui’s understanding, Wen Shao and An Xiaoxue had competed in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College a few years ago. At that time, An Xiaoxue had suppressed Wen Shao so much that he could not lift his head.

However, after six to seven years, Wen Shao was already an expert in the Genetic Mutation Realm, while An Xiaoxue was still in the Genetic Mutation Realm.

So this was the reason.

“Then, Miss An, have you broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Not yet, but after all these years of accumulation, I’m only one step away. It’s just that I want to find the best place and time to break through, so I haven’t broken through yet,” An Xiaoxue said.

“The best place and time to break through? Why do you say that?” Xu Tui looked curious.

An Xiaoxue slapped the table in dissatisfaction. “Don’t worry about me first. Make your decision first!”

“Uh… Miss An, can I choose all three directions? Dimensional Explosion is very awesome. The Myriad Sword Formation is cool, and the Thousand Miles Sword Technique can be used to attack. I have a feeling that I want to practice them all,” Xu Tui said.

“All?”

An Xiaoxue glared at him. “You sure are daring. Mr. Ji specializes in the Thousand Miles Sword Technique and Mr. He specializes in the Myriad Sword Formation. I specialize in the Dimensional Explosion.

“I won’t say much, but Mr. Ji and Mr. He have invested more than 10 or even 20 years into this. They had yet to master one of the specializations and had yet to reach the extreme. You actually dared to cultivate all three!

“The consequence of cultivating all three methods is that you will know everything but not be strong in any way. In the end, it might waste your talent or even harm your life.”

An Xiaoxue had wanted to use this opportunity to continue criticizing Xu Tui for not being steady enough. However, when she said this, she suddenly thought of Xu Tui’s astonishing cultivation speed.

He completed the Great Genetic Ability Chain in five months. His cultivation speed was three times hers. It was four times more than Mr. Ji and five times more than Mr. He! It seemed that he could cultivate a little more.

At the thought of this, An Xiaoxue changed the topic and said, “I absolutely do not recommend or agree to cultivating all three routes. However, you can choose one major and one minor. That won’t be a problem.”

Xu Tui nodded. If he cultivated all, he would be ordinary, he had to specialize in one. He understood this principle very well. Even if he really cultivated all of them, he would definitely have some emphasis.

“Miss An, then I’ll choose Dimensional Explosion as my major and Thousand Miles Sword Technique as my minor!”

Why didn’t he choose the Myriad Swords Formation for his minor?

There was only one reason. It was because of the weakness of the Myriad Swords Formation—money and resources!