Chapter 360 - They Don’T Have A Tough Guy

Chapter 360: They Don’t Have a Tough Guy Who’s Not Afraid of Death

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Twelve unidentified flying vehicles have appeared in front of us and are flanking us. Please pay attention to altitude. Pay attention to any guided weapons that might appear.”

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of excitement when he saw the 12 flying cars surrounding him. He immediately sent a message through the combat walkie-talkie.

“Lower your altitude and get as close to the surface as possible. If there’s a conflict later, don’t worry about me. Protecting yourself is your top priority. As long as I’m close to the surface, I have the ability to protect myself.”

Xu Tui spoke to Chang Qing, the special agent sent by Hu Tianshi to take the risk.

Xu Tui did not want this special agent, Chang Qing, to lose his life because of his extremely purposeful bait plan.

The 12 vehicles that surrounded Xu Tui did not give him any time to escape. Actually, if Xu Tui had wanted to escape, he might have been able to clear a bloody path on the flying car.

Dozens of magnetic cables shot over from afar and entangled Xu Tui’s repulsive force flying car. Xu Tui and Chang Qing’s repulsive force flying car lost its power.

What happened next made Xu Tui very puzzled.

More than 20 people jumped out of the 12 repulsive-force flying cars. These 20-odd people were all wearing the same combat uniform. However, their individual attire had the style of the India Sector.

That style was too obvious. Even if they wore the same combat uniform, they would not be able to completely hide it.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was that the mastermind was a higher-up in the India Sector. Since when did the higher-ups of the India Sector reach out so far? They could stretch their hands into the Niyah?

However, the commercial satellites of the New Tower Communications Company under the India Genetic Committee had been involved when Xu Tui had been ambushed during his previous mission.

In that case, it was possible that the mastermind was someone from India!

“Inspection! Chasing the traitor of the Blue Star, Shamera. Everyone, get out of the car for inspection!”

The roars outside the car made Xu Tui and Chang Qing puzzled. If this group of people were really sent by the mastermind, it did not seem like it. Their intelligence was a little low. If they were really sent by the mastermind, they should have killed them directly!

“There’s a problem. Judging from their attire, they should be from the India Sector. However, our route back is actually closer to the Tyman Sector. The India Sector is at least 1,500 kilometers away from here.

“Moreover, from the Blue Star Genetic Committee onwards, the various Genetic Committees had participated in the search for Shamera. However, this kind of manhunt was only for action. No one defined Shamera as a Blue Star traitor,” Chang Qing said.

“Xu Tui, we have arrived five kilometers away from you. We can reach the battlefield in 30 seconds. If you need us, please send a signal.” Hu Tianshi’s voice sounded from the walkie-talkie.

“Get out of the car and see what they want to do,” Xu Tui said.

The people surrounding them were already aiming their laser launchers at the flying car.

Five of them stepped into the air.

In other words, five of them were supernatural beings, and there might be supernatural beings at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

“Why don’t we get Captain Hu to show his identity and negotiate?” Chang Qing was a little worried.

“That way, we won’t be able to determine if they are the people sent by the mastermind. Remember, if anything happens, enter the water immediately.” Xu Tui made his decision.

Before they set off, Hu Tianshi had said that Xu Tui’s opinion was the most important.

Chang Qing had no choice but to put on the repulsive force flying skateboard.

Xu Tui stepped into the air.

“Search!”

When they saw Xu Tui and the others get out of the car, the leader of the group shouted softly. Two of them pounced toward the repulsive force flying car. They began to search the interior of the car and the trunk.

But the strange thing was that someone was comparing the images on his personal communications device to something.

Xu Tui used his mental perception to scan the area. He suddenly saw his portrait.

“This is Xu Tui.”

The person suddenly pointed at Xu Tui and spoke in the common English language of the India Sector.

However, Xu Tui, who had learned English in junior high, immediately understood.

Were these people looking for him? They were confirming his identity. Then, the portrait on the person’s communication device changed to Luo Shifeng.

Looking at Chang Qing, the man was a little puzzled. “He looks a little like Luo Shifeng, but not quite.”

The leader was a little impatient. “Is it really Xu Tui?”

“Yes!”

“The two of you, we suspect that you are related to the traitor of the Blue Star, Shamera. Therefore, we need you to follow us back to assist in the investigation,” the leader said.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. This fellow from the India Sector was really good at talking!

Xu Tui was indeed related to Shamera.

“Which organization are you from? If you want to bring us back, we need to contact the Huaxia Sector,” Chang Qing said.

Two high-powered laser launchers were instantly aimed at Chang Qing.

“No one moves! Whoever moves will die. Come back with us obediently!” As he spoke, the leader waved his hand and said, “Tie them up, search them, and turn off all their electronic devices!”

“F*ck!” Xu Tui shouted angrily.

The five supernatural beings suddenly shouted, “Be careful, dodge!”

One of them extended his fingers and pulled the leader three feet back. The other two people who had come to kidnap Xu Tui were sent crashing into the sea by Xu Tui.

Chang Qing immediately pounced toward Xu Tui. He wanted to protect Xu Tui.

“F*ck, I told you not to care about me!”

A huge water puppet had already appeared behind Xu Tui. Originally, the water puppet had hugged Xu Tui from behind to protect him as he fell into the sea.

At this moment, Chang Qing rushed over to protect Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had no choice but to use his mind power to control the water puppet to expand its body a little. It hugged Xu Tui and Chang Qing before falling into the sea. This action made Xu Tui’s movements slow by a fraction of a second.

Boom!

The two high-energy laser launchers that had been aimed at Xu Tui earlier suddenly spat out a beam of light and blasted onto the water puppet.

In an instant, the water puppet was pierced through. The mental shield instantly covered four layers. Moreover, it was a huge mental shield that protected Chang Qing and Xu Tui.

In just an instant, the four layers of mental shields were pierced through again.

Mental shields were not very effective against energy-type weapons. However, Xu Tui’s Vajra Shield had already been activated after the slight buffer.

Chang Qing exhaled and threw a punch. Energy field erupted and blocked the laser beam for half a second.

Xu Tui and Chang Qing fell into the sea at the same time.

“Chase, we must capture Xu Tui alive!”

The leader’s expression changed drastically. He roared angrily, and more than 20 people pounced toward the spot where Xu Tui had fallen into the sea.

The silver pill and the flying sword flew out at the same time.

The fastest one was the wind-type supernatural being. The moment he pounced onto the surface of the sea, the huge wind blade cut the surface of the sea more than a meter deep.

However, the moment the waves surged, the huge water puppet jumped out and pulled him into the sea.

The flying sword that had already spiraled and accelerated into a strategic state instantly pierced through his head. The silver pill danced in the air and killed three more people.

The leader’s expression changed drastically. None of them had expected Xu Tui to be so powerful after he entered the sea.

“You’re a water-type supernatural being. Open the way!” the leader shouted.

The water-type supernatural being nodded. The waves suddenly surged and wrapped around the water-type supernatural being. The water-type supernatural being also fell into the sea.

The others followed behind the water-type supernatural being. However, at this moment, five repulsive force flying cars flew over from different directions.

Before the flying car could stop, 13 figures jumped out of it.

The first one to pounce out were An Xiaoxue and her fluttering silver hair.

Xu Tui became anxious when he saw this scene. He quickly poked his head out of the sea and shouted, “Miss An, leave a few of them alive!”

An Xiaoxue’s silver hair flew up into the air. Dozens of silver hair that had been cut into one-inch lengths burst out with a slightly dazzling silver light.

In a flash of silver light, An Xiaoxue’s silver hair suddenly disappeared. When it reappeared, it was in front of the 20-odd people who were chasing after the sea.

Perhaps it was because of Xu Tui’s roar, An Xiaoxue’s silver hair, which was originally aimed at their vital points, changed to a different part, such as their chests, limbs, and so on.

The moment the silver hair pierced through, the silver light exploded again!

Bang!

More than 20 people who had been hit by An Xiaoxue’s silver hair had an egg-sized wound on their bodies.

Screams rang out.

The water-type supernatural being who had just rushed into the water was also severely injured by An Xiaoxue.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s water puppet charged forward.

However, this water-type supernatural being was indeed very powerful in the sea. Xu Tui’s puppets could not do anything to him in a short period of time even when he was injured.

He, a water-type supernatural being, had only lasted two seconds because Hu Tianshi had made his move. With just one whip, he was lifted into the air.

A minute later, the battle ended.

Seven repulsive force flying cars drove away.

They had killed eight people and captured 17 people alive.

All of them, including the leader, were captured alive.

An Xiaoxue’s stunning attack had confirmed the outcome of the battle situation, the strength and reaction of this wave of enemies were a little weak. Compared to Wang Ji’s group, they were much weaker. It was especially so for their reaction during the battle.

Hu Tianshi was also a decisive person.

If there were too many captives, it would be very troublesome to bring them back for interrogation. Their strength would also be completely dispersed.

He decided to interrogate them quickly.

As there were many captives, they used the most direct method.

Are you going to say anything?

If he did not say anything, he would just kill one. Then he’ll ask the next one!

While Hu Tianshi was interrogating those captives, Chang Qing walked up to Xu Tui with an ashamed expression. “Researcher Xu, I’m sorry for causing trouble for you. I wanted to protect you, but I didn’t expect to be protected by you. I even dragged you down!”

“It’s fine. I have to thank you for risking your life to protect me. However, if there’s a next time, you have to try your best to trust me,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Chang Qing had indeed caused trouble for Xu Tui. If Chang Qing did not pounce on him, Xu Tui would have entered the sea before the laser beam hit him.

“Sigh, Researcher Xu, you’re too powerful. You’re much stronger than the strength recorded in the information,” Chang Qing said.

As they were talking, Hu Tianshi walked over with a strange expression. Among the 17 captives, there were basically no tough guys who were not afraid of death.

Hu Tianshi had only chopped off three heads in a row, but the leader had already confessed!

He was actually here to pick up scraps!