Chapter 365 - Wealth Of 500 Million

Chapter 365: Wealth of 500 Million

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Zhuang Ziqiang was very considerate. As Xu Tui, Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing were all staying at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the gathering was held near the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

They even extravagantly booked a private room that required them to pay an additional service fee so that it would be easier for everyone to talk.

The agreed time was 12:30. Xu Tui arrived at 12:25.

However, Xu Tui did not expect that he would be the last to arrive.

Laughter filled the private room.

Cheng Mo had a glib tongue, and Zhuang Ziqiang was a troublemaker. Gong Ling couldn’t stop laughing. Even the usually aloof Zuo Qingqing had a smile on her face.

However, when Xu Tui entered, the smiles on everyone’s faces disappeared slightly. They were not afraid of Xu Tui. They also knew about Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, although they did not know the details.

However, they probably knew that Luo Shifeng had fought to the death to give Xu Tui a way out.

“Brother Xu is here. I was just talking about you. Do you know how much I sold those three Mutated Fire Apes for?”

Zhuang Ziqiang was afraid that the sudden silence would remind Xu Tui of something sad, so he went straight to the point. He was beaming with joy.

No matter what others did, he would be the first to be overjoyed!

“I don’t care how much you sold it for. In any case, I got a repulsive-force flying skateboard. I feel like I’ve made a killing! Do you know that I was even prepared to scrimp and save during my second year of university and do more clearing missions? I was prepared to spend more than half a year to save up enough money to buy a repulsive-force flying skateboard.

“To be honest, I was prepared to starve to death!”

Cheng Mo patted his belly with an exaggerated expression. “But I didn’t expect to obtain a repulsive-force flying skateboard in five to six days. Its performance is also very good. Look, I’ve gained two pounds recently!”

“Old Cheng, if you get any fatter, you’ll have to be friends with your right hand for the rest of your life!” Zhuang Ziqiang lamented.

Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing smiled. If anyone else dared to make a dirty joke in front of them, Zuo Qingqing would have scolded them. However, they had risked their lives together, so it did not matter.

“I’m fat? I’m just slightly fat, okay? If you don’t believe me, you can ask Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing. Girls feel more secure when they see me. Nine out of ten girls would like someone like me, okay? I’m definitely a first-year male idol!”

After saying that, Cheng Mo even asked Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing in an exaggerated manner, “Hey, tell me, am I a first-year male idol? Will I become the dream lover of 90% of girls in the future?”

“I don’t know if you will become a first year male idol, but if this continues, there will definitely be no problem for you to become a first year bachelor!” Gong Ling said with an accent.

“That’s a leftover man!” Zuo Qingqing added.

Cheng Mo put on an exaggerated look of despair.

Zhuang Ziqiang laughed out loud when he saw this. Xu Tui, who had just entered, also laughed in response.

The atmosphere became lively again. However, Xu Tui knew very well that the few of them were actually taking care of his emotions. That was why they were playing around.

Soon, the dishes were served. There were the exquisite stir-fried dishes that Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing liked, as well as the large pieces of meat that Cheng Mo and Xu Tui liked.

“I’ll report to you while we eat. I’ve already dealt with all the rewards from your mission, including the spoils of war. Most of them I sold to some genetic pharmaceutical companies through a trading system other than the official one. I obtained a higher profit.

“For example, the venom of the Green-Patterned Snake was sold for 230,000 yuan per gram.

“As there were a lot of Mutated Fire Apes, I dealt with them separately. There were research institutes in the Genetic Research Institute that required relevant materials. There were even some cultivation resources that individual fire-element supernatural beings wanted to purchase. I tried my best to sell them at the highest price.

“There were also the repulsive-force flying cars, repulsive force flying skateboards. I’ve sent each of you a list of the price of each item. Take a look. If there are no problems, we’ll proceed to the next step,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

The list of items that Zhuang Ziqiang had sent over was very long. There was also a detailed transaction record with various parties. It was done very professionally.

Everyone naturally agreed.

“All the gains from the mission were as high as 29.34 million dollars. The main reason was that the three Mutated Flame Apes were the bulk of the gains. In addition, you have seized a total of eight repulsive force flying skateboards. I have sold six of them for 3.85 million.

“The Black Dragon Prefecture had entrusted them with the battle spoils. There was a total of 9.21 million.

“We received a total of 42.4 million in cash. We had to pay taxes for this portion of income. Through the company that Brother Xu and I registered, we reduced the tax to 6%. In the end, we received 39.85 million.

“In addition, the Black Dragon Special Intelligence Division had issued a bounty of 1.3 million yuan and a total of 230 contribution points since you killed Yaksha and the others. These did not require taxes.

“However, the four of you will have to report to the Special Intelligence Division of the Black Dragon Prefecture after you have distributed the rewards.”

At this point, Zhuang Ziqiang directly projected all of this in front of everyone through his personal communication device. He then smiled and said, “Alright, I’ve finished my work. Next, it’s up to you to decide how to distribute it.

“After you’ve decided on the allocation, I’ll transfer the money to you one by one,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing could not hide the shock on their faces. Especially Cheng Mo and Gong Ling. They knew that they had gained a lot from this mission, but they did not expect it to be tens of millions.

No matter how they split it, it would solve their big problem.

Just as Cheng Mo had said before, personally, obtaining that repulsive-force flying skateboard had already far exceeded his expectations.

No one spoke.

The amount involved was too large. If they did not distribute it well, it would be akin to planting a thorn in everyone’s hearts. A little heavier might cause them to become enemies.

“I don’t know how to distribute them either. However, I had to rely on Little Tui for this mission. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have gained so much. It would even be troublesome to come back alive. Why don’t we let Little Tui distribute it? What do you think?” Gong Ling asked.

“No problem!” Cheng Mo was the first to express his stance.

Gong Ling looked at Zuo Qingqing.

Zuo Qingqing glanced at Xu Tui. “I don’t have any objections. As long as he doesn’t suspect me in the future, I don’t have any objections even if I don’t get any.”

Zuo Qingqing took the opportunity to mock Xu Tui. She also subtly expressed her attitude and thoughts. She still wanted to follow Xu Tui in the future.

“Brother Xu, that’s what everyone says. You can do it,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui did not decline. He only said, “People say that brothers should settle accounts. Although we have a good relationship, we still have to be clear about the distribution of income.

“I’ll be blunt. We’ll sit here and split the spoils today. If there are any thoughts or opinions, we’ll raise them on the spot. There are no problems since we can discuss the changes.

“However, if you are dissatisfied after agreeing to the distribution plan today, I can only keep a respectful distance from you in the future.

“Our Huaxia Genetic Evolution College also has the basic principle of clearing missions. The first rule is that the logistics personnel will get 10% of the spoils. Zhuang Ziqiang was the one who handled all the logistics matters this time, so he will take 10% first. If you have any objections, speak now. We will discuss it.”

Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and the others had no objections, but Zhuang Ziqiang quickly waved his hand. “There are too many. Besides, I didn’t participate in the entire process. I only participated in a portion. According to the general rules, if the amount allocated exceeded 20 million, the share of the logistics personnel could fluctuate between 10% to 5%.

“I’ll just take 5%. I wouldn’t dare take any more. What if you don’t want me in the future when I do?” Zhuang Ziqiang joked.

Xu Tui did not mind, but Zhuang Ziqiang insisted. In the end, according to Zhuang Ziqiang, Zhuang Ziqiang would only receive 5%.

That was 1.99 million.

It was obvious that Zhuang Ziqiang was very happy. He had earned two million yuan just by running around for a few days. When he took it back, he would take out a million yuan and throw it at his girlfriend’s face. At night, he could ask his girlfriend to pose however he wanted!

How wonderful!

“Among the four of us, the three of you have contributed about the same amount. As the team leader, I have contributed a little more. According to the rules of the clearing mission, each of you will get 20% while I will get the remaining 35%.” Xu Tui said.

“This… Little Tui, I feel that you took too little. We took too much. 10% for each of us. 10%, that’s 4 million. It’s really too much!”

“That’s right, Little Tui. We understand that you’re taking care of us, but 20% is too much,” Gong Ling said.

As she spoke, Zuo Qing Qing suddenly projected a string of words. “I looked up similar cases on the Internet. In a team like ours, the three of us usually get 5% each. If everyone took 10% of the profits, the leader could be considered generous. Twenty percent is too much.”

Xu Tui’s original intention was to take care of them. Especially Cheng Mo and Gong Ling. The two of them did not have a good family background.

Cultivation required a lot of money. If he gave them more for this mission, their cultivation speed would definitely increase very quickly in the future.

However, the three of them were surprisingly in agreement.

In the end, Zhuang Ziqiang concluded.

“I think each of you should take a step back. Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing, each of you will take 15%. Brother Xu will take 50%. In addition, the 1.3 million reward also belonged to Brother Xu. However, if Brother Xu had no objections, Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing would split the 230 contribution points.

“The usefulness of that to you is great!”

After saying that, Zhuang Ziqiang said humbly, “I’m just trying to split it according to all of your wishes. This way, I’ll be able to fulfill Brother Xu’s wish for you to get more. Brother Xu won’t lose out too much either. You guys can use it as a reference. If it’s suitable, use it. If it’s not, you guys can discuss it again.

“By the way, Cheng Mo, you and Gong Ling still have to fork out 600,000 each to make up for the total income. You guys directly took the repulsive force flying skateboard,” Zhuang Ziqiang added with a smile.

Xu Tui naturally had no objections to the contribution points. With the number of merit points he had now, these 200 merit points did not mean much to him. On the contrary, if Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing split it equally, each of them would have mid-grade Level E rights.

In the end, they allocated the rewards according to Zhuang Ziqiang’s plan.

Cheng Mo and Gong Ling each added 600,000. The total income after tax reached 41.05 million.

Zhuang Ziqiang received 2.05 million.@@novelbin@@

Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing each received 6.15 million.

Xu Tui had taken 20.52 million yuan and the bounty reward of 1.3 million yuan. He had received a total of 21.8 million yuan.

His income had skyrocketed. Including the 16 million yuan he had received from Agassi, his net worth was almost 500 million yuan!

This time, the distribution of benefits for the clearing mission was distributed.

Everyone was satisfied. Very satisfied.

After the distribution, Zhuang Ziqiang suggested that everyone should go and have fun. They could sing a song or something to celebrate.

Xu Tui thought about it and rejected the offer. He still wanted to go back and cultivate. If he worked harder, he would be able to activate the last genetic base point of the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

His genetic mutation could be put on the agenda!