Chapter 377 - The Special Intelligence Division’S Announcement Phone Call

Chapter 377: The Special Intelligence Division’s Announcement Phone Call

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Five minutes later, Xu Tui, who had finished consuming a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir, slowly opened his eyes. There was an inexplicable sense of relaxation in his eyes.

It can!

Even after the mutation of the genetic ability chain, he could still strengthen the genetic base points on the genetic ability chain!

The strengthening state, the consumption of energy, and the energy distribution did not change much compared to before the mutation.

For example, energy distribution.

It was still 50-50 with Xu Tui’s powerful mind power.

Taking the genetic ability chain of reaction speed as an example, 50% of the energy would be given to the targeted genetic base point and the other 50% would be given to the other genetic base points in the genetic ability chain.

After the mutation, it was still 50-50.

The second genetic base point that was deliberately strengthened took 50% of the energy, and the other eight genetic base points on the solidified genetic ability chain curve took 50%.

This was a rather good discovery.

Moreover, the human body was actually the most honest. From this energy distribution, it meant that after the genetic ability chain mutated, the degree of solidification of the genetic ability chain could continue to increase.

According to Xu Tui’s own understanding, genetic base points were like force points, but the genetic ability chain curves were like a channel that connected them together and combined the power of these force points.

It formed a different life frequency of the genetic ability chain curve. It could then improve itself.

In other words, Xu Tui could still strengthen his genetic base points even if he was undergoing a directional mutation of the genetic mutation elixir. It would achieve the effect of an autonomous mutation.

If he had enough time, Xu Tui could even make all the genetic ability chains achieve the effect of autonomous mutation.

“How does it feel to complete the mutation?” An Xiaoxue, who was holding the syringe, tilted her head and asked with a smile.

“I feel that my abilities related to the genetic ability chain should have improved significantly. However, there are no obvious changes to my basic physical qualities. Still, I can sense that certain parts of my body are slowly improving and changing,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s how it is. The cultivation of genetic newcomers is also a gradual process. The Genetic Liberation Realm is only a small genetic change to the genetic newcomers through medicine.

“On the other hand, the Genetic Mutation Realm would increase the strength of the genetic newcomers both internally and externally, but not by much. If the range was too large, neither the genetic ability chain nor the physical body could withstand such a high-intensity change.

“Whether it was the Genetic Liberation Realm or the Genetic Mutation Realm, they were both laying the foundation for the Genetic Evolution Realm. Only with a good foundation would the Genetic Evolution Realm bring great changes to the genetic newcomers. Even changes in the level of life.

“That’s why it’s called evolution.

“Since there are no side effects from the first genetic mutation, there won’t be any side effects when you undergo the genetic mutation using the genetic mutation elixir in the future. In the future, you can inject yourself with the elixir and undergo a genetic mutation. You don’t need me to inject you.

“Look at you. You’re so tall, yet you’re frowning when I inject needles into you,” An Xiaoxue said to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was at a loss for words. “Miss An, it really hurts when you poke me with a needle. It’s my instinct to frown when I feel pain. Why don’t I try stabbing you with a needle now to see if you’re in pain and frown?”

“Come, poke me with a needle. See if I frown.” An Xiaoxue rolled up her sleeves, revealing her snow-white arm.

An Xiaoxue suddenly came back to her senses after she rolled up her sleeves. She was just a teacher. Why did she have to compete with her students? Why did she have to try?

Xu Tui had just found a disposable syringe and was about to give An Xiaoxue a good poke. It would be best if he could record An Xiaoxue’s frown as evidence.

Who wouldn’t be a man just because they frowned from being poked with needles?

However, when the needles were found, An Xiaoxue rolled down her sleeves and stopped playing.

“There’s no reason for you to poke me with a needle. Xu Tui, do you think there’s something wrong with me or with you?” An Xiaoxue flipped the table, he couldn’t play anymore.

“Alright, next, I’ll inform you of a few problems that you have to pay attention to during the process of using genetic mutation elixir. Listen carefully. You have to pay attention. Otherwise, it might greatly slow down your cultivation progress,” An Xiaoxue said.

Giving a lesson was An Xiaoxue’s trump card. It was only natural for students to listen.

Xu Tui could only put down the syringe that he had found with excitement. It seemed like he would not be able to poke Miss An today.

“The first thing to pay attention to when using a genetic mutation elixir is to try to start with the genetic ability chain that has fewer genetic base points. Today is the first time you have used a genetic mutation elixir, and it is the first genetic ability chain of mutation. Therefore, it was very fast and effective.

“However, as the number of genetic ability chains that you successfully mutated increased, the solidified genetic ability chains that you saw in your introspection would continuously absorb a portion of the medicinal effects of the genetic mutation elixir.

“Actually, it was either the siphon effect or the strong magnetic field effect.

“Every genetic ability chain that successfully mutated was a strong magnetic field that was successfully activated. It would continuously take away the medicinal effects of the genetic mutation elixir that one had been injected with.

“Moreover, the greater the number of genetic ability chains one had, the stronger the strong magnetic effect would be.

“Therefore, for the 72-points great genetic ability chain of our Genetic Miracle, my suggestion is for you to mutate at the end. The effect and speed will be very fast, but it will not affect the mutation speed of the other genetic ability chains.

“Otherwise, activating it earlier would greatly reduce the mutation speed of the other genetic ability chains,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I understand.”

Xu Tui nodded heavily.@@novelbin@@

Over the past few days, he had been studying genetic mutations. Today, he had successfully undergone genetic mutation. He had basically figured out the related taboos and things to take note of.

“That’s right, Miss An. Our 72-points Great Genetic Ability Chain does not have any active abilities. How can we use the genetic mutation elixir to conduct directional mutation?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Who said that the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain doesn’t have an active ability?”

Xu Tui widened his eyes in confusion.

“Mind power is one of its active abilities. There’s also the mind power domain. It’s also one of its active abilities.”

Xu Tui suddenly understood.

As she spoke, An Xiaoxue pushed a box of genetic mutation elixir toward Xu Tui.

“This is the genetic mutation elixir that I used a blood genetic sample to re-create and fuse with. Only you can use it because it was specially created and fused with your blood genetic sample. This elixir can be said to be customized.

“It would be good enough if you could absorb 80% of the effective ingredients after being injected with the normal genetic mutation elixir. However, if you use the genetic mutation elixir that was re-created and fused with your blood samples, the absorption rate of the medicinal effects could reach 90%.

“There are 50 needles here.

“It was purchased with a sum of five million research funds that I received after I submitted a research project with the objective of calculating the results of the mind power change after the assistant researcher of Research Institute Number 14 undergo directional genetic mutation.

“That’s all I can do for you. If it’s not enough, you would have to purchase it yourself. Of course, before the injection, you can bring it to the institute and mix it with your blood genetic sample. That would be the most effective.

“In addition, remember to write a detailed report on the changes in your genetic mutation process. I’m not just making up a research project. I’m really making a comparison based on data research!” An Xiaoxue emphasized.

“Miss An, thank you.”

…

Xu Tui spent the next ten days in intense cultivation.

At night, he would activate the genetic base points of the new genetic ability chain to train. In the morning, he would undergo a directional mutation using the genetic mutation elixir. Every afternoon, he would go to Professor Song of the School of Radiation Influence.

Professor Song had emphasized from the start that Xu Tui was the one who had taught himself. However, he could sense that Professor Song was very dedicated to teaching him.

The seniors in the School of Radiation Influence would occasionally have the opportunity to experience Professor Song’s mind power magnetic field or spiritual radiation, or to use his mind power magnetic field to perform advanced hypnosis.

All of them were as excited as if they had won the lottery.

There were only three to five chances a year.

Anyone who could experience Professor Song’s spiritual radiation or mind power magnetic field three to five times in a year would be like a grand slam.

However, Xu Tui seemed to have picked it up for free.

He came to Professor Song’s place every day for 13 consecutive days. Every time, Professor Song Zhenglin would personally activate the mind power magnetic field to use his hypnotic ability. He would also use the spiritual radiation and spiritual resonance allowed Xu Tui to comprehend in silence.

It was at least half an hour, an hour at most, every time. If news of this got out, the seniors from the School of Radiation Influence would probably have the urge to tear Xu Tui apart.

Xu Tui had obtained all the benefits that they did not have. Of course, his cultivation progress was also extremely shocking.

The next day, Xu Tui displayed his most basic spiritual radiation ability in front of Song Zhenglin.

How could he be weak? That was because Xu Tui had activated two genetic base points.

On the fourth day, Xu Tui learned elementary hypnosis.

On the sixth day, Xu Tui learned advanced hypnosis.

On the eighth day, Xu Tui learned spiritual resonance, but he did not dare to say it.

Of course, he had only activated one genetic base point and was still very weak.

On the tenth day, Xu Tui experienced another trump card of the School of Radiation Influence—Spiritual Concealment!

Xu Tui had experienced two new abilities in a row, but he had not learned them. This made Professor Song Zhenglin feel that it was normal. Fortunately, he had not wasted his decades of research.

On the 12th day, Xu Tui experienced Spiritual Concealment again.

On the thirteenth day, he was still focusing on Spiritual Concealment.

Spiritual Concealment was the only ability of the School of Radiation Influence that Xu Tui had yet to learn. However, he was not in a hurry. It had only been 13 days.

His previous learning ability was already very abnormal.

Instead, the learning method of the School of Radiation Influence that allowed students to experience it personally, including his mental perception, microscopic perception, illusory introspection, and mind concentration, had the ability to turn something rotten into something magical.

As for the other students, even if they had mental perception and microscopic perception, it would only increase their learning efficiency to a certain extent.

However, Xu Tui could accurately locate and activate the relevant genetic base points with his illusory introspection.

This learning speed shocked Song Zhenglin.

It was too fast!

Even the current geniuses in the School of Radiation Influence could not catch up to Xu Tui’s progress in the past ten days.

Xu Tui had also noticed this. His progress was extremely fast under these conditions. He did not have such a speed when he was in the School of General Senses.

Over the past 13 days, Xu Tui had successfully formed six genetic ability chains.

However, just as An Xiaoxue had said, due to the strong magnetic field effect, the subsequent mutation speed would become slower and slower.

However, any genetic ability chain that had successfully mutated would have a certain level of improvement.

Xu Tui’s strength could be said to have increased greatly.

On the fourteenth day, Xu Tui did not go to Professor Song Zhenglin’s place. Instead, he made a call to inform him.

Last night, Xu Tui received a call from Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division.