Chapter 374 - He Powerful Person Who

Chapter 374: The Powerful Person Who Modified The Recruitment Conditions

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The School of Radiation Influence was the most mysterious subject with the slowest progress in the Mystery Branch. It was extremely difficult to get started, just like the School of General Senses.

The basic skill of the School of Radiation Influence was actually low-level hypnosis.

Low-level hypnosis was also different from the traditional hypnotist’s hypnosis method. Using objects, environment, language, and even a trust relationship to hypnotize a target was a traditional hypnotic method.

However, the low-level hypnosis of the School of Radiation Influence was a special hypnosis method that directly treated mind power as a magnetic field. Therefore, the low-level hypnosis method of the School of Radiation Influence was also a little special.

It was an observation-type cultivation.

The teacher would hypnotize a target. Then, the learner would enter the teacher’s mind power magnetic field and feel the mind power magnetic field from the perspective of a bystander.

Then, it was time to accumulate his efforts.

Over time, when the student was in this mind power magnetic field, his genetic base points would be stimulated by the mind power magnetic field. Over time, the genetic base points would be activated.

As long as he activated the genetic base points of the first mind power magnetic field and formed the initial mind power magnetic field, he would be able to grow stronger and stronger in the future.

According to Song Zhenglin, in general, the School of Radiation Influence would use a year as the limit. The teachers of the School of Radiation Influence would activate their mind power magnetic field for an hour every day. Then, it would last for a year other than Sundays.

Within a year, most of the students would be able to activate the genetic base points related to their mind power magnetic field and undergo low-level hypnosis cultivation. If they could not activate the genetic base points related to the mind power magnetic field within a year, they would persuade this student to switch to another faculty.

“The fastest record for activating the mind power magnetic field in our School of Radiation Influence is 12 days. The average record is three months. Generally speaking, it was very rare for me to personally activate my mind power magnetic field to help a student cultivate.

“However, Old Qu was the one who introduced you to me, and it was related to Old Luo. I’ll make an exception and personally activate my mind power magnetic field to help you cultivate.

“But with 15 days as the limit. I will personally activate my mind power magnetic field for 15 days, one hour per day. If you still haven’t activated your mind power magnetic field after 15 days, then take my recommendation letter to the other teachers’ classes and cultivate with the other students.”

With that, Song Zhenglin added, “I’m very busy. That’s all I can do for you.”

“I’m already very grateful for your help,” Xu Tui thanked him sincerely.

“Shall we start now?”

“Now?” Xu Tui was stunned. He immediately nodded. “Professor Song, no problem.”

“I’ll talk about the relevant points while I activate the mind power magnetic field. In order to make it more contrastable, I’ll call the teaching assistant in. You’ll be placed under two different mind power magnetic fields at the same time. The activation speed should be faster.”

Song Zhenglin was just as Qu Qingshan had said. He was cold on the outside but warm on the inside. He had arranged everything for Xu Tui.

The teaching assistant was called in by Song Zhenglin again, so he could only follow his instructions. He had no choice. A teaching assistant had no human rights. In front of an expert professor, teaching assistants were no different from research dogs.

The teaching assistant did not waste any time. He pulled a chair over and sat down. He glanced at Xu Tui and closed his eyes slightly. An extremely gentle mental fluctuation slowly spread toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s mind power domain immediately reacted. He did not reject it. Instead, he allowed the gentle mental fluctuation to slowly envelop him.

“This mind power magnetic field first gives people a sense of warmth. Humans like warmth, so warmth can bring them a sense of security. At the end of the day, this mind power magnetic field was just another way to exert force.

“However, the trick to exerting force was a little special. The essence of low-level hypnosis was to affect the target’s mind power magnetic field through his mind power magnetic field to achieve his goal. Therefore, the foundation of the School of Radiation Influence is mind power.

“The stronger the mind power, the stronger the related abilities. Yes, pay attention next. My mind power magnetic field will be involved.”

Almost at the same time that Song Zhenglin spoke, Xu Tui felt as if a small sun had appeared beside him.

Song Zhenglin’s mind power magnetic field was like a small sun that directly blasted onto Xu Tui’s body.

“I’ll lower the temperature of the air conditioner. The low temperature of the surrounding environment will make you instinctively want to approach our mind power magnetic field and stimulate your own mind power magnetic field,” Song Zhenglin said.

“In addition, the School of Enlightened Mind and the School of General Senses that you’ve studied before are both based on mental perception. You can activate your mental perception ability. This will be of great help to you in sensing our mind power magnetic field.”

Xu Tui did not expect that the School of Radiation Influence could use air-conditioning to cultivate.

However, that was just a thought.

Xu Tui had already activated his mental perception.

Xu Tui, who was enveloped by the mind power magnetic field of the teaching assistant and Song Zhenglin, could vaguely sense that his mind power was also being affected. It was as if the leaves would ruffle when the wind blew.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui adjusted his breathing and entered meditation. He instantly switched to the illusory introspective state.

Under the illusory introspective state, there was nothing unusual at first glance. Apart from a few Level 2 silver and less than 100 Level 1 genetic base points, most of the genetic base points on his head were gray. These genetic base points that had not been activated did not show any abnormalities for the time being.

Xu Tui, who had a lot of experience, was not anxious at all. He observed carefully. These genetic base points that had not been activated would definitely change if the relevant parts or abilities were stimulated.

But most of the time, this change was very slight. He needed to observe carefully to discover it.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui noticed something unusual. He narrowed the target range to around 40. There was almost no energy flowing into the genetic base points that had not been activated.

However, under continuous observation, the 40 genetic base points started to glow with energy.

At this moment, a cold wind blew over. Xu Tui suddenly shivered. It was Song Zhenglin who turned the air conditioner to the lowest temperature. This was November. They did not even have time to heat it up. The cooling immediately caused his body temperature to plummet.

Just as Song Zhenglin had said, his body felt cold. The mind power magnetic fields of the teaching assistant and Song Zhenglin, who had brought warmth to his body, were exceptionally obvious.

Although they could not bring them true warmth, Xu Tui wanted to get closer to them to obtain that warmth. This approach referred to the approach of mind power, not the physical approach. If they were physically close to each other, it would probably be a problem for all the students in the School of Radiation Influence.

The moment Xu Tui’s mind produced this consciousness, six gray genetic base points flowed into the light of energy and suddenly multiplied.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. He had succeeded!

Song Zhenglin had just explained that there were only six genetic base points in the mind power magnetic field.

The relevant genetic base points were locked. He immediately drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Song Zhenglin did not mind Xu Tui’s actions. He thought that Xu Tui had drunk a bottle of Energy Restoration Elixir to resist the cold.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He immediately used the Mind Concentration Technique on the spot. Generally speaking, it would not take much effort to activate a brand new genetic base point of a genetic ability chain. Moreover, with Xu Tui’s current mind power, he could mobilize his energy more accurately.

Fifteen minutes later, the first genetic base point of the mind power magnetic field slowly lit up. A strange feeling surged in his heart. It was as if an indescribable instinct had suddenly come to him.

Mind power magnetic field.

Just as Song Zhenglin had said, this mind power magnetic field was only a way to exert mind power. It was just that it was a little special. It needs a special change inside the mental generator, which is also the human body.@@novelbin@@

If he had it, he would know it!

Xu Tui knows how to do it now. In the next moment, he used this method to activate his mind power magnetic field.

The teaching assistant, who was idly activating his mind power magnetic field, was a little tired of doing such things. Suddenly, the teaching assistant felt a loud bang. A burning sensation rose beside him.

In the perception of his mind power magnetic field, a scorching sun suddenly appeared beside him, emitting an extremely hot and warm glow. The scorching sun was only slightly smaller than Professor Song Zhenglin’s mind power magnetic field.

The teaching assistant suddenly opened his eyes and looked at Xu Tui in shock. Opposite him, Professor Song Zhenglin was also looking at Xu Tui in shock.

Shock was written all over his face!

“You… activated the genetic base points of the mind power magnetic field?” Song Zhenglin found it hard to believe, but his mind power magnetic field was very real. It was only after he asked that Song Zhenglin felt like he had asked a redundant question.

However, Song Zhenglin could not accept this speed. After teaching for so many years, Song Zhenglin had seen many geniuses. The fastest speed of activation among the students he taught was 12 days. The fastest record for the other schools in the Huaxia Sector was nine days.

Nine days, according to the standard teaching time, was actually nine hours of cultivation time.

But what about Xu Tui? He had, at most, been teaching for half an hour. The cultivation speed was more than ten times faster than the students he had taught. Even with the enhancement of his mental perception, it shouldn’t have been so fast!

That’s right! Mental perception, microscopic perception!

Song Zhenglin immediately thought of this.

Song Zhenglin had already secretly added a rule to his future recruitment—under the same conditions, he would try his best to recruit students with mental or microscopic perception.

Xu Tui did not know that he had secretly changed the admission requirements of the School of Radiation Influence.

Xu Tui nodded to confirm that it was activated. At the same time, he said, “Professor Song, the spiritual radiation of the School of Radiation Influence is also a cultivation method.

“Can you activate your spiritual radiation ability and let me experience and cultivate on the spot?” Xu Tui asked.