Chapter 373 - King Of Control

Chapter 373: King of Control

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

What Xu Tui could think of, the Special Intelligence Division could too.

If the SSS-level spy wanted to use her ability to imitate Feng Qian’s biological information, she had to obtain Feng Qian’s biological information first.

Although there was no such thing as privacy on the Internet, ever since the Great Genetic Era began a hundred years ago, the calls for privacy had been getting louder by the day. Especially when it concerned the privacy of biological information.

The relevant regulations were implemented very quickly, and the process was also very complete. It was probably only because of one sentence—everyone was equal in the face of personal biological information privacy.

When faced with a public service that would collect personal biological information, everyone’s biological information privacy had the risk of being leaked.

As a result, the relevant regulations were quickly implemented. Not only in the Huaxia Sector, but even the entire Blue Star was enacted. They had an extremely strict protection program for their biological information. They even used an independent super quantum computer to store relevant biological information.

Every time one checked and read personal biological information, it would be recorded. Moreover, they had adopted an extremely special method of recording. The information after the recording could not be deleted within ten years.

There were a total of three records of Feng Qian’s biological information being read after the Special Intelligence Division’s investigation.

The first time was when Feng Qian was reported missing and reported to the database. The second time was when Painted Skin Feng Qian used Feng Qian’s fake identity to verify her identity. The third time was when Luo Shifeng was conducting an academic exchange and the Special Intelligence Division used their authority to compare Feng Qian’s biological information.

It was obvious that the most suspicious timing was when Feng Qian was reported missing.

However, the Special Intelligence Division had also done a related investigation. They had even used some special methods on the staff of the Biological Information Department. They were all clear.

The investigation was interrupted again. Things had reached a stalemate again.

Xu Tui was not too dejected. Instead, he had his own plan. He still had to continue his investigation in this direction. Of course, he was not doubting the abilities of the Special Intelligence Division. Instead, he wanted to be more meticulous.

The Special Intelligence Division and the Biological Information Department were basically two units that were close to equal. Even if the Special Intelligence Division had the right to investigate the employees of the Biological Information Department, they did not dare to go overboard.

Next, Xu Tui would have to rely on himself other than letting Ah Huang continue to gather relevant information.

In the afternoon, Xu Tui went to visit Qu Qingshan.

“Mr. Qu, are you familiar with the School of Radiation Influence of our Mystery Branch?”

“Yes!

“The School of Radiation Influence, the School of General Senses, and the School of Enlightened Mind are the bottom three departments in the Mystery Branch. I’m familiar with both abilities and teachers,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Mr. Qu, I have a question. Does the School of Radiation Influence have the ability to control other people but not let that person know?” Xu Tui asked.

“Advanced hypnosis should have this possibility.”

“Should?”

Xu Tui stared at Qu Qingshan. “Mr. Qu, I want an affirmative answer. This concerns the search for Feng Qian.”

“Is it related to the pursuit?”

Qu Qingshan’s expression immediately became serious. “In that case, you still have to find a professional to answer this question.

“Go look for Professor Song Zhenglin, the dean of the School of Radiation Influence. Professor Song is cold on the outside but warm on the inside. Although he is a principled person, he prefers to be straightforward. Go look for him and ask him anything. He will definitely answer you.”

With that, Qu Qingshan added, “I’ll call Old Song now. I know him very well.”

“Thank you, Mr. Qu.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui turned around and prepared to leave for the School of Radiation Influence.

“Xu Tui, if you need my help, just let me know,” Qu Qingshan shouted as he watched Xu Tui leave.

Xu Tui waved his hand, made an OK gesture, and quickly left.

Under such strict biological information management, there would definitely be traces left behind if one wanted to obtain Feng Qian’s biological information.

Xu Tui wanted to ask about this possibility.

Painted Skin’s ability to change her appearance at will and imitate other people’s biological information shocked Xu Tui, but it also woke him up.

There were too many unknown genetic abilities. Not only did he have to consider the normal situation, but he also had to consider the abilities of the Mystery Branch.

The Special Intelligence Division did not manage to find anything even though they tried their best to investigate the Biological Information Department.

There was a high chance that the staff member was not involved. But what if there were interference of other powerful abilities?

This was what Xu Tui suspected. He also wanted to confirm this.

Song Zhenglin was the dean of the School of Radiation Influence at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He was also one of the few professors in the School of Radiation Influence. He could be said to be a true expert.

His status in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was even higher than Qu Qingshan.

It was only because Qu Qingshan had called in advance that Xu Tui was able to meet Professor Song Zhenglin.

“I’m sorry about Old Luo. I’m very relieved that you are tracking down the murderer for Old Luo’s death. As a friend and colleague, I’m very relieved. Qu Qingshan had already told me the details. If you have any questions, feel free to ask.” Song Zhenglin was as straightforward as Qu Qingshan had said.

“Professor Song, I want to know if there is an ability that can control other people to do some things without the person being controlled feeling anything?” Xu Tui asked.

“I have this ability! Look at me!”

Song Zhenglin suddenly snapped his fingers the moment Xu Tui looked over. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power domain rippled slightly. A very strange mental fluctuation silently spread over.

Xu Tui was stunned. His mind power domain shook slightly and directly blocked the mental fluctuation that was silently spreading over.

Shock suddenly appeared on Song Zhenglin’s face.

“Mind power domain? I remember that you’re only a freshman, right?”

“Professor Song, I’m still a freshman this year.”

Song Zhenglin stared at Xu Tui and nodded vigorously. “That’s right. As expected of a first-year Dragon! Many Mystery Branch students did not even manage to form a mind power domain in their fourth year. You managed to do it in your first year. Not bad.”

After Song Zhenglin finished speaking, he did not do anything to Xu Tui. Instead, he dialed a number and casually called a teaching assistant from outside.

When the teaching assistant came in and looked at Song Zhenglin, Song Zhenglin snapped his fingers lightly. An extremely faint mental fluctuation flashed past. The teaching assistant’s expression became a little confused.

“Come here. Write a word here.”

The teaching assistant obediently wrote a word on the notebook that Song Zhenglin took out.

With that, Song Zhenglin snapped his fingers again. “Get out.”

The moment the assistant turned around and left, Song Zhenglin suddenly called the assistant back.

“Why are you here?”

The assistant scratched his head. “Professor Song, you called me. I came over and you told me to leave.”

Song Zhenglin nodded and waved his hand. The assistant left again.

Xu Tui was dumbfounded. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, he would have thought that all of this was an act.

“See? This ability that you’re talking about does exist! However, the prerequisite for using this ability is that it has a huge difference from the target’s mind power. At the same time, it will not endanger the target itself. If you ask the target to self-harm, his subconscious will definitely resist and he will wake up immediately,” Song Zhenglin said.

“What is this ability called?” Xu Tui asked.

“According to Old Qu, it’s called advanced hypnosis. However, in reality, it’s a combination of two abilities. Advanced hypnosis and spiritual radiation, this could be considered the signature ability of our School of Radiation Influence,” Song Zhenglin said.

“Professor Song, if a person is controlled by your advanced hypnosis and spiritual radiation and does something that he doesn’t know about, how can we make him remember these things or how can we find out that he was once controlled?” Xu Tui asked.

“Our School of Radiation Influence has an ability that specializes in treating psychological trauma. It’s called spiritual resonance. It can sense and read the subconscious memories of the target, and it can also communicate and influence them to a certain extent.

“However, this ability requires more prerequisites, and very few people can successfully cultivate it.”

“Prerequisite ability?”

“Yes, this ability can only be used with the combination of advanced hypnosis and high-level mental perception,” Song Zhenglin said.

“So you can find out, right?”

“You can’t go too far back!” Song Zhenglin said.

“Professor Song, I want to ask you to help me…”

“No!”

Song Zhenglin rejected Xu Tui before he could finish his sentence.

“Professor Song, I’m not done yet. Why are you…”

“I know what you have to say. It’s forbidden to hypnotize others and read their subconscious. The teaching assistant was a different case. He works here, so it is his job to show that he was hypnotized. However, under normal circumstances, such behavior is illegal.

“I know what you’re trying to do. You might be trying to track down Old Luo’s murderer, but the Special Intelligence Division is after him. It’s impossible for you to ask me to make a move in private. I will only use my relevant abilities to investigate the target’s subconscious if an official asks me to do so.

“Moreover, our School of Radiation Influence’s abilities are not omnipotent in this aspect.” Song Zhenglin rejected Xu Tui completely. He did not give Xu Tui a chance.

Song Zhenglin had already raised this matter to the level of the law. Xu Tui could no longer speak.

“Professor Song, I would like to learn and cultivate these abilities. Can you teach me or give me guidance?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.@@novelbin@@

Song Zhenglin was shocked.

“The difficulty of cultivating the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence is the same as cultivating the abilities of the School of General Senses. It was very common for someone to spend a year of hard work and not be able to cultivate a single ability.

“Xu Tui, you have already condensed a mind power domain when you are only a freshman. My suggestion is that you should not be too distracted. You should focus on a certain aspect in order to achieve great success,” Song Zhenglin said.

“But I want to investigate it myself! Otherwise, I won’t be able to rest easily.”

“So, you want to cultivate by yourself and investigate?”

“That’s right. Professor Song, you refused to help me…”

“Don’t mention me helping you. This is a principle! It was easy for the students of the School of Radiation Influence to pry into the privacy of others. Every student who entered the School of Radiation Influence had to abide by the rules of not prying into others’ privacy. I’m a professor of the School of Radiation Influence. I have to take the lead in insisting on this,” Song Zhenglin said.

Xu Tui had a helpless look on his face. “That’s why I want to learn it myself.”

“But have you ever thought that this learning process might take a year or two, two or three years, or even longer? This will delay your studies and cultivation. Moreover, the longer you delay, the more difficult it will be to read the target’s subconscious memories,” Song Zhenglin said.

“I want to try. If I can successfully cultivate it in the short term, I’ll try. If not, I’ll try other channels. In addition, learning more about the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence would only benefit me in future battles.

“If I could successfully cultivate one or two of them, I could use them as a surprise weapon in certain battles in the future. Moreover, wasn’t the School of Radiation Influence known as the king of control?

“I also want to use this opportunity to understand more so as to achieve better results in the future battles.” Xu Tui tried to convince Song Zhenglin.

Song Zhenglin stared at Xu Tui for a while before he suddenly said, “What you said makes sense. I will give you the relevant cultivation information that I have compiled on account of Old Luo and Old Qu. If you have any questions, you can ask me. I will try my best to answer them. But you have to remember that I will also note this down. All of this was your own self-learning!”

“Thank you!”

Xu Tui bowed to express his gratitude after he understood.