Chapter 378 - The More Urgent, The Better (1)

Chapter 378: The More Urgent, the Better (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Researcher Xu, let me apologize to you first. Regarding the attack on you and Professor Luo Shifeng in Niyah Sector last time, the clues are basically all gone. We might not be able to find out the true culprit behind this matter in a short period of time.

“But don’t worry, we won’t give up the chase. Once we find any useful leads, we’ll pursue them at all costs. We will definitely make the mastermind pay the price,” said Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital, through the encrypted channel.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was silent for a while after he heard this. He had probably expected this outcome. However, when Tian Suqing personally told him about it, he still felt an inexplicable mix of emotions.

He knew very well that the Special Intelligence Division must have tried their best. They might even have done whatever they could. However, Xu Tui could not accept this outcome.

The Special Intelligence Division was not to blame. He just could not accept the outcome of this matter. He wanted to change this outcome.

“I look forward to it!”

All his emotions finally turned into these few words over the phone.

“Thank you for your understanding.”

From her tone, it could be seen that both Tian Suqing and the Special Intelligence Division placed great importance on Xu Tui.

“Director Tian, how’s the safety assessment for me leaving the capital?” Xu Tui took the initiative to ask.

“Researcher Xu, the senior expert of our situation analysis of our Special Intelligence Division’s headquarters, the Blue Star Division, has come to a conclusion after analyzing the current situation.

“The destruction and chaos caused by Shamera’s coup in the Niyah Sector might never be eliminated. It could be said to be endless. Shamera’s coup had successfully provoked the unease and distrust of the Genetic Committees in many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

“It might cause some chaos. The entire Blue Star’s environment might never be able to recover to its previous state,” Tian Suqing replied.

“So you’re saying that I can’t leave the Capital in the future?” When he asked this question, the anger in Xu Tui’s heart surged.

In that case, protection was no different from house arrest!

“Researcher Xu, don’t misunderstand. We have never restricted your freedom of movement. Previously, I suggested you postpone your trip home temporarily out of consideration for your safety,” Tian Suqing quickly said.

“Just a suggestion? Not a restriction?” Xu Tui asked, puzzled.

“It’s just a suggestion!” Tian Suqing replied firmly over the phone.

“What about now? What do you suggest I do?” Xu Tui asked in a low voice.

“Researcher Xu, I originally wanted to talk to you in person about your safety. After all, you are one of the most important and youngest genetic researchers in the Huaxia Sector with major achievements. However, since you asked on the phone now, I’ll tell you directly on the phone.

“There are two suggestions and two measures for your safety.”

“Go ahead. I’m listening.”

“The first suggestion is to contact the Special Intelligence Division immediately if there are any abnormalities. Although Huaxia Sector has always been very safe, due to the Shamera coup, it might trigger some unsafe factors. Still, you can go wherever you want in the Huaxia Sector.

“At the same time, there was also a relevant measure.

“Because your individual authority level is a high-grade Level D, and you are a key genetic researcher that we need to protect in our Special Intelligence Division, your protected authority level has increased by a large level.

“In other words, although you had a high-grade Level D authority previously, you will enjoy the protection of the Special Intelligence Division, which is high-grade Level C. In view of the current chaotic situation and the popularity of your research in the next year, the Special Intelligence Division had applied to the higher-ups to have your protection level increased by another small level to a low-grade Level B,” Tian Suqing said.

Xu Tui was stunned. “Low-grade Level B rights?”

“No, Researcher Xu. Your personal rights are still at high-grade Level D. Even the Huaxia Genetic Committee can’t change that, let alone us. However, our Special Intelligence Division, including the various security departments, have raised your protection response level to low-grade Level B.”

Tian Suqing made it sound simple, but it sounded a little complicated. “Director Tian, just tell me. How does this low-grade Level B protection response affect me?”

“Researcher Xu, this really doesn’t affect you much. It’s good that you have it. For example, only people with low-grade Level B rights or higher could read your basic information. Your detailed information will be kept confidential.

“Also, as long as you reveal your personal information, the security personnel nearby will immediately receive relevant reminders to provide you with help.

“In addition, as one of the few people who obtained the low-grade Level B Protection Response, you will be transferred to me immediately if you have any problems in the future.

“I’m the first person in charge of your safety.” Tian Suqing tried her best to explain clearly.

“Does that mean that a low-grade Level B Protection Response like me is very rare?” Xu Tui asked, puzzled.

“It’s not that rare. For example, as the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the capital, my protection response level is only at mid-grade Level B. It’s also because of my profession.

“In terms of your hometown, your hometown’s governor of Jincheng Prefecture and the director of the Jincheng Prefecture Genetic Committee have a low-grade Level B protection response,” Tian Suqing explained.