Chapter 372 - The Difference Of Painted Skin

Chapter 372: The Difference of Painted Skin

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui did not expect that after he eliminated the data from the Big Data, he would use an inconspicuous piece of information about the Deep Sea Electric Eel’s genetic information that he had obtained from Agassi to track the mastermind to the five giants of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee.

It was unexpected, but expected.

Surprisingly, the mastermind was one of the five giants of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee.

Unsurprisingly, only the mastermind behind the scenes, one of the five giants of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, could have such power. Whether it was using the commercial satellites in the India Sector through connections, or using the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control chip to nurture sacrificial warriors like Yaksha and Wang Ji, or erasing Wang Ji’s information after the incident.

All of this was impossible without a huge amount of power.

Xu Tui or An Xiaoxue, who had a certain amount of authority, would not be able to do this.

If he thought about it this way, Xu Tui might have missed some information while he was pursuing the mastermind. However, the answer he obtained might be correct. Because it matched the characteristics of the mastermind.

Xu Tui would not believe it if he traced the clues of the mastermind to an ordinary noble or a wealthy person.

That was where the problem was.

Who among these five people was the mastermind?

Also, no matter which one of them it was, no matter who the mastermind was, why would they lower themselves to deliberately target a poor student like Xu Tui?

He looked at the list of five people a few times before his gaze suddenly landed on the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, Li Jin.

This person had interacted with Xu Tui before.

Of course, the reason why Xu Tui paid special attention to him was because during the celebratory banquet, Li Jin and Xu Tui seemed to be chatting casually, but he had mentioned the research progress of the Research Institute Number 14 regarding the abnormal load of mind power.

The Research Institute Number 14 carried out a long-term research project that was very remote and few people knew about. Only those who paid attention to it knew a little.

Xu Tui, an assistant researcher at the Research Institute Number 14, only knew about it occasionally. However, during the celebration banquet, Li Jin had mentioned to Xu Tui about the abnormal load of mind power.

Xu Tui would be a fool if he thought that a big shot like Li Jin would casually chat with him.

In other words, Li Jin might have deliberately asked this during the awards banquet. That was to say, Li Jin was extremely concerned about the Research Institute Number 14’s abnormal load of mind power project.

“Could it be Li Jin?”

Xu Tui circled Li Jin’s name.

The five giants of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee all had a 20% chance of being the mastermind. Right now, Xu Tui felt that Li Jin had 50% to himself.

Not to mention anything else, just the fact that Li Jin had deliberately asked Xu Tui about the progress of the research project regarding the abnormal load of mind power would greatly increase Li Jin’s chances.

“Li Jin wants to understand or obtain research progress or even research information on the abnormal load of mind power through me? But the problem was that I did not come into contact with the research progress and research data of the abnormal load of mind power. Is this why Wang Ji and the others wanted to capture me alive?”

Many questions flashed through Xu Tui’s mind.

If it was really Li Jin, then the source of the problem was the research project of the abnormal load of mind power.

Xu Tui felt that he should communicate with Miss An when he had the time. He should ask her what was involved in the study of the abnormal load of mind power.

“Ah Huang, help me gather the relevant information about the five giants of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee that I just found, as well as the detailed information related to this matter. The main point is to collect information about Li Jin,” Xu Tui said.

“Xu Tui, I’m afraid that won’t do.”

Xu Tui was stunned. This was the first time Ah Huang, an advanced artificial intelligence, had rejected his orders.

“At Li Jin’s level, all the information on the Internet will be set to be reverse-tracked. If I were to directly gather their detailed information and related information, I would immediately be discovered as soon as I passed a certain frequency. I would then bring you trouble.”

After saying that, Ah Huang added, “There is still a connection between the Genetic Committee of the various districts.”

Xu Tui began to understand what Ah Huang meant.

“So you can’t help me gather information about them?”

“I can, but I need to change to a more troublesome method. I can constantly switch to the identities of ordinary people in the Sing-Malaysia Sector and occasionally search for information about the five giants in the Sing-Malaysia Sector. It’s considered a normal frequency. It just took a little longer.

“Moreover, if I have to collect the information for a long time, it would be best if you could help me bring an expansion chip into the Sing-Malaysia Sector and install it on an intranet machine in the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

“This way, my efficiency will greatly increase,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, I’ll arrange it. Now, tell me about Feng Qian’s situation.”

There were two directions to look for the mastermind. One was Wang Ji, and the other was Feng Qian.

Especially Feng Qian. Xu Tui hated this woman to the core.

Luo Shifeng had fallen in love with her. He had bought a ring and was about to propose to her. At the most critical moment, she had actually stabbed Luo Shifeng in the back.

That slash had completely killed Luo Shifeng. At the same time, it also caused Luo Shifeng to die with indescribable regret and pain.

Xu Tui had to find this woman! While he could not do something like cutting someone into pieces, he could hold her head and use her body to pay his respects to Luo Shifeng.

However, the investigation of Feng Qian, including the Special Intelligence Division, had almost come to an end.

Ah Huang did not waste any time and directly projected the information to Xu Tui.

Feng Qian was a real person. However, in the Huaxia Sector’s database, Feng Qian had been reported missing by her family a year ago. Her whereabouts were unknown.

Three months ago, Feng Qian appeared in the capital. She first got to know Qu Qingshan’s ex-girlfriend and got to know Luo Shifeng through Qu Qingshan.

Almost every trait that Feng Qian displayed accurately hit Luo Shifeng’s ideal woman.

She loved to laugh. She did not say much and was very gentle. When Luo Shifeng was drinking with Qu Qingshan, she would always accompany him and never rush him. However, she never drank or smoked. She knew how to cook. Although it was not too delicious, it was not bad either. She had a good fashion sense, but did not wear revealing clothes.

…

These characteristics made Luo Shifeng, who spent most of his time in nightclubs, feel a little different. He began to pursue Feng Qian crazily. After wooing her for a month or two, he finally got her.

Xu Tui found out what happened after that.

When Luo Shifeng went to the academic exchange, he even brought Feng Qian along. However, in the Special Intelligence Division’s final investigation report, this Feng Qian was actually fake.

Due to the reason for Luo Shifeng’s death, Feng Qian’s disappearance was investigated.

The investigation discovered that Feng Qian had been attacked by mutated plants when she went camping with her friends a year ago. She had died.

Feng Qian lived alone in the Capital. But her hometown was a city below the Rong Prefecture. Her family had not been able to contact Feng Qian for several months, so they reported her to the police. In the end, they temporarily decided that she was missing.

Now that the Special Intelligence Division had begun to investigate, the truth was quickly revealed.

The real Feng Qian died a year ago.

Feng Qian, who had approached Luo Shifeng, was a fake.

However, the key point was that an important professor like Luo Shifeng, the people around him, especially those who were involved in academic exchanges, had all undergone identity checks.

Feng Qian, who was beside Luo Shifeng, had the same biological information as the real Feng Qian.

One had to know that the biological information of the Great Genetic Age included the overall biological information, fingerprints, iris, and genetic characteristics. Ordinary tests did not require genetic characteristics. However, even if the overall biological information, fingerprints, irises, and blood type, the possibility of being impersonated was zero.

Especially in front of the Special Intelligence Division.

However, Feng Qian succeeded.

“Director Tian, I want to know how a fake Feng Qian managed to get away with the identity check of the Special Intelligence Division.” Xu Tui dialed the number of Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital.

“We’re also investigating. Currently, we highly suspect that a Blue Star SSS-level spy disguised as Feng Qian,” Tian Suqing said.

“SSS-level spy? But no matter how strong a spy is, how did such biological information pass your inspection?”

“This SSS-level spy is ranked so high because of her special ability. I’ll send you the relevant information later. You’ll understand after you take a look,” Tian Suqing said.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui received Tian Suqing’s information.

Painted Skin: The most dangerous spy on the Blue Star.

It was also known as the Thousand Faces True Body Mask!

She had activated an extremely special genetic ability chain since she was young. The characteristics of her ability were that she could directly change her appearance, including biological information.

According to the intelligence, she was the trump card of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, but she was related to many non-genetic committee organizations.

…

After reading the information, Xu Tui cursed. There was also such a powerful genetic ability. She could directly change her appearance and even imitate biological information. She was a natural top-notch spy.

Other than that, the Special Intelligence Division basically did not know much about this Painted Skin.

In other words, after Painted Skin Feng Qian harmed Luo Shifeng, she could change her appearance and imitate biological information. Then, she could completely become another person and continue living her life.

The clues were cut off again!@@novelbin@@

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui would not be able to find Painted Skin Feng Qian even if he continued to investigate.

“Damn it!”

Xu Tui felt a little resentful.

He and Luo Shifeng had been tricked by the mastermind and Feng Qian. Luo Shifeng had even sacrificed himself! However, by the time he was done, he did not even have a direction to pursue, let alone a clue.

He had cut off all clues that Xu Tui had used to find Feng Qian.

Just as he was about to vomit blood, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought.

No!

There were still clues!

There was also the direction of the investigation!

If she wanted to imitate Feng Qian’s overall biological information, fingerprints, iris, and genetic characteristics, she had to first obtain relevant information about the real Feng Qian.