Chapter 375 - Genetic Mutation Elixir

Chapter 375: Genetic Mutation Elixir

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Spiritual radiation.

It was one of the specialties of the School of Radiation Influence. The title of the King of Control in group battles came from spiritual radiation. This ability, in layman’s terms, was to influence the actions and thoughts of others to a certain extent through one’s mind power. Sometimes, one could even control it!

The basic ability of spiritual radiation was still the mind power magnetic field.

Hypnotism and spiritual resonance increased the influence of spiritual radiation. If it was a team battle, it would be a very awesome ability. However, not only was it very difficult to cultivate, but there were also very few students who chose to major in this ability.

This was because the effects of the spiritual radiation were not very good in a one-on-one situation.

Many students from the School of Radiation Influence chose to major in hypnosis or spiritual resonance. Moreover, the spiritual radiation ability had a prerequisite ability—elementary microscopic perception!

The requirement for microscopic perception was lower than that of the School of General Senses. This was because the ability of spiritual radiation required one to accurately sense and find the compatible point and entry point of the target’s mental fluctuations.

Spiritual radiation could affect or even control the target to the greatest extent.

Coincidentally, Xu Tui’s microscopic perception was ridiculously strong. He did not know what level Qu Qingshan’s microscopic perception was at, but among the few students in the School of General Senses, Xu Tui’s microscopic perception was unquestionably the best.

As a result, when Song Zhenglin used spiritual radiation to affect Xu Tui, Xu Tui only used ten minutes of microscopic perception to locate the Genetic Base Points of spiritual radiation.

This was the reason why Xu Tui had confirmed it twice.

Spiritual radiation, which was extremely difficult for other students to learn, was a bug-like existence in Xu Tui’s eyes.

If Xu Tui drank another one or two bottles of Level E energy to replenish his energy, he would be able to activate a genetic base point of spiritual radiation on the spot.

Professor Song Zhenglin’s jaw dropped to the ground.

In the end, Xu Tui decided to keep a low profile. It was already shocking enough that he had activated his mind power magnetic field in half an hour.

Xu Tui straightened his posture and lowered his stance. He carefully sensed the fluctuations in the spiritual radiation of Professor Song Zhenglin and his teaching assistant.

Occasionally, Xu Tui would ask Professor Song Zhenglin to use spiritual radiation to affect him. He wanted to experience the attack and defense of the spiritual radiation in advance.

An hour later, Xu Tui expressed that he had gained something. However, he did not activate the spiritual radiation. He thanked Professor Song Zhenglin again.

“It would be normal if it wasn’t activated. If you were to activate the two main abilities of our School of Radiation Influence, the mind power magnetic field and spiritual radiation, in a day, the professors and teachers of our School of Radiation Influence will probably lose their jobs.”

Professor Song made a rare joke.

“Tomorrow, come over at this time tomorrow. I’m looking forward to seeing how long it will take you to activate the spiritual radiation,” Song Zhenglin said.

“Yes, definitely.”

After thanking him again, Xu Tui left.

Xu Tui felt that it was too easy to learn the trump card abilities of the School of Radiation Influence today. It was so easy that he felt that it was unreal.

Was it really that easy to activate genetic base points?

Xu Tui pondered as he walked back to the dormitory. He discovered a very important problem—mental perception!

Disregarding his illusory introspection, mental perception was actually greatly beneficial to his learning speed, especially in the Mystery Branch. Especially microscopic perception.

This microscopic perception seemed to be useless. However, many times, it could help the owner directly sense and observe the essence of things or even a certain manifestation.

If he had friends in the future, Xu Tui planned to recommend them to try practicing the microscopic perception of the School of General Senses if their conditions were suitable.

He might not feel anything when he cultivated his microscopic perception, but the effect it had on his cultivation was immeasurable.

What Xu Tui did not know was that his performance today had shocked Professor Song Zhenglin of the School of Radiation Influence.

After Xu Tui left, Song Zhenglin immediately called Qu Qingshan.

“Old Qu, can I discuss something with you?”

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Song Zhenglin was superior to Qu Qingshan in terms of age, identity, and qualifications.

Qu Qingshan immediately agreed when he heard Song Zhenglin’s tone.

“Director Song, don’t stand on ceremony with me. If you want me to do anything, just tell me. I’ll definitely do it for you. Even if I can’t do it, I’ll think of a way to do it for you,” Qu Qingshan said righteously.

Of course, it was also to repay Song Zhenglin for giving him face today. It was Qu Qingshan who called him just now, and that was why Professor Song had taught Xu Tui a lot today.

“It’s like this. I think it’s a pity that Xu Tui’s talent is limited to the School of General Senses. Why don’t we let him change his elective course…”@@novelbin@@

“No!”

Before Song Zhenglin could finish speaking, Qu Qingshan, who had patted his chest just now, immediately became a different person.

“Director Song, the School of General Senses only has that bit of people. Don’t even think about it. That won’t do!” Qu Qingshan said firmly.

“Old Qu, you just said that you can do something you can’t do…”

“Director Song, this is not something that I can’t do. This is something that I shouldn’t do. Besides, Director Song, isn’t he learning from you? You can teach him the abilities of your School of Radiation Influence. If he really becomes famous, how can he not acknowledge you as his teacher?” Qu Qingshan said.

Song Zhenglin was stunned by Qu Qingshan’s words. It sounded like that was the case. However, Song Zhenglin only came to his senses after he hung up.

Qu Qingshan had a bald and naive appearance. However, his brain and mouth were extremely sharp!

…

There were a total of six genetic base points in the mind power magnetic field of the School of Radiation Influence.

There are 13 genetic base points for the spiritual radiation.

However, it was child’s play compared to the Great Genetic Ability Chain of 72 genetic base points that Xu Tui had cultivated. Moreover, his current cultivation speed was astonishing.

He was prepared to spend a few days activating them all.

Xu Tui arrived at Research Institute No. 14 at nine o’clock on Monday morning.

Today was the time he had agreed with An Xiaoxue to undergo a genetic mutation.

For the other students, genetic mutation was an extremely critical node. It was basically equivalent to a system that designed one’s abilities. Only then would one dare to undergo genetic mutation. This was because once he underwent a genetic mutation, he would have to put in several times more effort to activate a new genetic ability chain.

However, the Genetic Miracle did not have such concerns because of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

After the 72 genetic base points of the Great Genetic Ability Chain were connected, he could undergo genetic mutation at any time. Moreover, with the help of his illusory introspection, the effects of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique were ridiculously powerful.

“Are you prepared?”

An Xiaoxue had already changed into a white cloak in the Research Institute Number 14. She asked Xu Tui a question the moment she entered the room. It made Xu Tui even more nervous.

“Miss An, what am I supposed to prepare? Flowers?” Xu Tui joked when he thought about how he had become familiar with An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue’s pretty face tensed up. She glared at Xu Tui and said, “I mean, are you prepared for the needles?”

Xu Tui was speechless.

In a corner of Research Institute No. 14, Ah Huang’s simulation robot could not help but cover its face and sigh when it heard this conversation.

“These two are simply a pair of straight rulers!”

…

“The genetic mutation elixir can be said to be a great miracle in human genetic pharmaceutics in the past hundred years. It was also one of the most valuable genetic elixir techniques that humans obtained from the extra-terrestrial.

“It could directly affect the genetic ability chain that had already taken shape. It could also solidify the structure of the genetic ability chain and strengthen the genetic base points on the genetic ability chain to a certain extent. This would greatly increase the relevant abilities.

“Many times, this kind of improvement would trigger a qualitative change. It would directly transform a very ordinary ability. At the same time, the Genetic Liberation Realm and the Genetic Mutation Realm were also the levels that the genetic elixirs produced by human technology could increase.

“To a certain extent, as long as there were enough genetic mutation elixirs, a powerful genetic mutant could be created. At the same time, this was also one of the easiest realms to break through on the path to the future.”

After joking around, An Xiaoxue asked Xu Tui to make preparations while she introduced the place to him.

“In order to complete a genetic ability chain mutation, the Genetic Committee has roughly set up a reference list. A single bottle of the Genetic Mutation Elixir could be used for anything below five genetic base points.

“For every additional two to three genetic base points in a genetic ability chain with five or more genetic base points, an additional bottle of genetic mutation elixir would be added. You could not inject more than five bottles of genetic mutation elixir in a day. Otherwise, the risk of side effects would increase tenfold.

“Under normal circumstances, injecting a genetic mutation elixir would occasionally result in the side effects of the genetic ability chain collapsing because it could not withstand the medicinal effects. However, the probability of this side effect happening was about one in 100,000. It was very small.

“Moreover, our Genetic Miracles can use our mind power to influence it slightly. The probability of side effects happening is so small that it can be ignored,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Alright, tell me now. Which genetic ability chain did you choose for your genetic mutation? I’ll teach you how to do it,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, I want to mutate the Genetic Ability Chain for my reaction speed.” This was the answer that Xu Tui had come up with after some consideration last night.

“No.”

An Xiaoxue subconsciously denied it. “You have to be able to use the genetic ability chain that is related to active abilities in order to undergo a genetic mutation.”

The moment An Xiaoxue finished speaking, Xu Tui winked at An Xiaoxue. “Miss An, have you forgotten what I told you? Haven’t you cultivated that yet?”

An Xiaoxue was slightly stunned. “I’ve already activated all the genetic base points related to reaction speed. However, I’ve only achieved the passive ability. I haven’t obtained the active ability of Time Distortion. It’s probably because the development level is not high enough.

“Since this is considered a related active ability, then it should be okay.” An Xiaoxue nodded. “You can start now. You have to use the relevant active abilities for at least ten or more minutes.

“Then, we can start injecting the genetic mutation elixir,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Why did you do that?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“In order to stimulate the relevant genetic chain to enter an active state, the Genetic Mutation Elixir will automatically target the target after the genetic chain enters an active state. It will help you break through. Therefore, my suggestion is that you can use the related abilities a few more times in order to have a better effect,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Alright, I understand!”

Time Distortion could not be used continuously. He could only use it once every three seconds.

Xu Tui used it almost 20 times within a minute. He did not need to activate his mental perception to feel an inexplicable sense of exhaustion and trembling.

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue inserted a needle into the vein on Xu Tui’s arm and pushed the transparent and colorless genetic mutation elixir into his body.