Chapter 376 - Critical Verification

Chapter 376: Critical Verification

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The genetic mutation elixir entered his body. Xu Tui, who was lying there, immediately entered an illusory introspective state. He wanted to observe what was going on with the directional mutation of the genetic mutation elixir.

Of course, Xu Tui’s main goal was to distinguish the fundamental difference between a directional mutation and an autonomous mutation. This was so that he could decide if he would focus on mutating on his own in the future or to use the genetic mutation elixir.

Xu Tui had already figured out what was happening in regards to autonomous mutation.

An autonomous mutation was actually an extension of the strengthening of genetic base points that Xu Tui had activated previously.

An Xiaoxue’s explanation was to strengthen the genetic base points on a genetic ability chain to a certain extent. The inner part of the genetic ability chain would produce a polymerization effect. Then, through high-intensity training at a certain frequency, these genetic base points that had been strengthened to a certain extent would form a strange and stable connection with each other.

This was also the solidification of the genetic ability chain structure. Then, it began to nourish the human body.

There was no clear conclusion to this so-called strengthening.

Xu Tui predicted that there was a high chance that all the genetic base points on a genetic ability chain would be strengthened to Level 2 before the internal polymerization effect would occur.

This was also the fundamental reason why the ability of a certain genetic ability chain would increase greatly after undergoing an autonomous mutation.

However, it took an extremely long time to carry out an autonomous mutation. For most genetic newcomers, they were measured in years. It was considered fast to have one mutation in a year. It was not slow to mutate a genetic ability chain within two years.

Of course, the Mind Concentration Technique of the Genetic Miracles has a faster way.

However, Xu Tui, who had already strengthened several genetic base points to level 2, knew very well how difficult it was.

Strengthening a genetic base point to Level 2 required two to three days of cultivation. Xu Tui’s full-out cultivation for three days was equivalent to him cultivating for six to eight days under normal circumstances. In terms of consumption, it was equivalent to two to three months of cultivation for other students.

This was the consumption of strengthening a genetic base point to level two.

The number of genetic base points in a genetic ability chain ranged from three to five to dozens. Even Xu Tui, who had both the Mind Concentration Technique and the illusory introspection, did not dare to completely mutate on his own.

That road was too long.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui wanted to know the changes that the genetic mutation elixir made to his body so that he would be able to make a decision when he cultivated.

It would be convenient for him to arrange which genetic ability chains should undergo mutation with genetic mutation elixir, which genetic ability chains should undergo autonomous mutation.

Xu Tui’s body had a total of nine genetic base points in his body, which formed the curve of the genetic ability chain for reaction speed. Due to the high frequency of his previous training, the line lit up slightly.

The genetic mutation elixir that had just been injected into his body instantly turned into countless energy lights of different attributes that flowed in all directions.

However, at this moment, the curve of the genetic ability chain of reaction speed that had briefly lit up flickered.

It felt like a mosquito had discovered a light in summer.

It was like the handsome men who had experienced a miserable winter suddenly realized that spring had arrived overnight. The beauties who were originally wrapped up tightly suddenly revealed their arms and legs. Some of them even revealed their waists. Their gazes were like a hungry wolf that had its eyes turn green as they stared at them. At the same time, they looked forward to the arrival of summer.

The genetic mutation elixir, which had originally entered his body and was aimed at random targets, gathered over due to the flickering curves of the genetic ability chain.

Xu Tui understood now. The genetic mutation elixir was probably developed specifically to target the curve characteristics of the genetic ability chain. The special energy light carried by a large number of elixirs began to flow into the genetic ability chain of reaction speed.

In just a few minutes, the genetic ability chain of the reaction speed had changed from flickering to flashing.

Solidification.

This genetic mutation elixir was indeed solidifying the curve of the genetic ability chain.

The genetic ability chain would only appear when he activated the relevant abilities. When he did not use his ability, the curve of the genetic ability chain would be hidden. It was faintly discernible.

But now, the genetic mutation elixir had created an exquisite leather rope that strung the nine genetic base points together like beads.

In less than half an hour, the string of genetic base points was completed. However, it did not seem to be reliable. It did not form a closed loop. Furthermore, the rope was a rope and the string was a string.

There were two signs that a genetic ability chain had completed a genetic mutation.

One was to form a closed loop.

The second was to become one with the rope.

In other words, the genetic ability chain curve and the genetic base points on the line were actually completely integrated.

“The first injection should be about done. I’ll give you the second injection now.” An Xiaoxue’s voice sounded.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. He felt a slight pain on the back of his hand. He had been injected by another needle. The effect of the second needle was the same as the first. A large amount of energy flowed into the entire genetic ability chain.

Before long, the entire genetic ability chain looked complete, forming a closed loop. Then, the genetic ability chain curve that had just solidified changed again.

The various energy lights formed by the genetic mutation elixir were gathered towards the solidified curve of the genetic ability chain.

However, at this moment, the curve divided the energy that had gathered into nine equal portions and sent them evenly towards the nine genetic base points on the genetic ability chain of the reaction speed.

The nine genetic base points that received energy feedback began to expand at the same time. It slowly became brighter as it expanded. It even grew.

This process of growing brighter was a process of growing stronger. It gradually fused with the genetic ability chain curves that were connected to their bodies.

Half an hour later, the third needle entered his body. He repeated the results from before.

The only thing worth mentioning was that the ninth genetic base point of the genetic ability chain, which Xu Tui had strengthened to Level 2, had the slowest fusion with the genetic ability chain.

It absorbed the most energy, but the fusion process was the slowest.

After the fusion of the other eight genetic base points with the genetic ability chain curve was completed, this genetic base point that had been strengthened to Level 2 was still absorbing the remaining energy and slowly fusing.

Fortunately, before the third dose of the genetic mutation elixir was consumed, the Level 2 genetic base point finally fused with the genetic ability chain curve.

A white stream of light began to circulate in the entire solidified genetic ability chain.

With the only genetic base point that had been strengthened to Level 2 as the starting point, the stream of light flowed out and flowed into the second genetic base point through the solidified genetic ability chain. Then, it flowed to the third genetic base point and finally flowed into the starting point again.

There was no consumption or change.

However, Xu Tui felt an inexplicable surge of emotions. Even if he exited the illusory introspection or even meditation, he could vaguely sense the genetic ability chain that had mutated. It felt like a blood vessel. Previously, it was only hidden on the surface of the body and could not be seen.

However, after a long period of training, this blood vessel had become much stronger. Even if one remained still, one could still feel the power brought about by the blood flowing in it.

Yes, a sense of power!

The genetic ability chain that had completed its mutation gave Xu Tui a sense of power. However, this did not really increase his strength. What gave him this feeling was the increase in his abilities.

Xu Tui closed his eyes and tried to use the Time Distortion ability. There was a general result immediately.

0.3 milliseconds!

Previously, the duration of this ability was 0.2 milliseconds.

This time, Xu Tui felt that the duration of his own examination had increased slightly, but not by much. It had increased by about 50%.

Xu Tui believed that his reaction speed would increase again after the genetic ability chain mutated. He could not wait to go to the Neural Reaction Speed Research Center to test his latest reaction speed. His reaction speed had definitely increased to a certain extent.

The mutation of the first genetic ability chain was completed just like that.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to get up. Instead, he continued to observe the changes in his body.

The difference between the genetic mutation elixir and the autonomous mutation should be that the genetic ability chain curve was first solidified.@@novelbin@@

During the solidification and fusion process, the relevant genetic base points would also be strengthened to a certain extent. However, this kind of strengthening and development was very limited. He was still far from strengthening these genetic base points to Level 2.

However, after the mutation, the power of the genetic ability chain had indeed increased.

The key was that it was very fast.

In less than two hours, he had completely mutated a genetic ability chain.

With a thought, Xu Tui switched from illusory introspection to his realistic introspection.

Xu Tui made a new discovery under his realistic introspection.

He did not have to do anything when he was in the realistic introspection because the genetic ability chain of the reaction speed had solidified. He could see the shiny mutated genetic ability chain when he entered the state.

However, what surprised Xu Tui was that this solidified genetic ability chain was emitting an inexplicable frequency with the curve and genetic base points as the core.

He only realized it after he observed it carefully with his microscopic perception.

The life frequency of this mutated genetic ability chain was already different from that of the surrounding flesh, tissue, and other organs. Its life frequency was higher than the surrounding flesh, blood, and organs.

It was also because its life frequency was higher and stronger than the surrounding flesh, blood, and organ tissues, the life frequency of the surrounding flesh, blood, and organ tissues was also imperceptibly affected by this mutated genetic ability chain. It began to slowly speed up and strengthen.

Of course, these discoveries were made by Xu Tui using his microscopic perception.

The life frequency of a mutated genetic ability chain was a relatively slow process to accelerate and strengthen the life frequency of other organs. However, over time, the various physical attributes of the genetic newcomers would increase to a certain extent.

A change in the frequency of life?

Xu Tui suddenly grasped the essence of the genetic mutation that increased the physical fitness of genetic newcomers with the help of his microscopic senses.

Xu Tui drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir in front of An Xiaoxue. Next, he wanted to verify something. Would he be able to strengthen a certain genetic base point on the genetic ability chain after the genetic ability chain mutated?

If not, Xu Tui would have to carefully choose which genetic ability chains to use for genetic mutation elixirs and which genetic ability chains to use for autonomous mutation.

If it was possible, he would be able to quickly increase his strength and strengthen his genetic ability chain with a target.

This verification was crucial to Xu Tui’s future cultivation path and increase in strength.

With a thought, he focused his mind power on the second genetic base point on the genetic ability chain that he had just mutated.