Chapter 371 - Who Could It Be?

Chapter 371: Who Could It Be?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

There were two directions to the ambush in Niyah. The first direction was to investigate Wang Ji and his subordinates. He did not gain much from this. When Ah Huang started checking, there was almost no relevant information on the public network. There were no relevant records even in the public search database.

It was obvious that the data had been wiped out.

Ah Huang turned to search for information about Wang Ji and the facial recognition of his subordinates through the regional internal network. He entered the Niyah intranet and the Sing-Malaysia intranet respectively. It was not difficult for Ah Huang to enter the intranet of these two sectors.

Not only that, Ah Huang also entered the intranet and found and secretly controlled a few accounts that had a certain level of authority in Niyah and Sing-Malaysia. Then, based on the rights of these accounts, Ah Huang began to search for information about Wang Ji and his subordinates.

He still gained very little, and even less useful information.

However, Ah Huang, this high-level artificial intelligence super quantum computer, began to display its high-level artificial intelligence at this moment.

Ah Huang discovered that it was more or less possible to find some information about Wang Ji’s subordinates in the corner of the Niyah’s internal network.

Ah Huang also found an advertisement that Wang Ji had once posted on a trading network. The Kian Market sold the genetic information of the Deep Sea Electric Eel. He also found the tax records of Wang Ji’s company in Niyah. He also found a short video taken by a certain netizen in the Kian Market through a comparison of the data. In the short video, Wang Ji inadvertently appeared on camera from the side.

There were thousands of messages with no reference value.

However, there was zero information about Wang Ji on the Sing-Malaysia’s intranet.

Zero!

This was a little unusual.

The Huaxia Special Intelligence Division was not to be trifled with. Two days ago, information regarding Wang Ji was sent over. The information of Wang Ji’s subordinates was the same as Ah Huang’s. They had been wiped off the internet and were temporarily in the dark.

However, Wang Ji was the manager of the Kian Market in Niyah. This Kian Market was the largest underground market in Niyah. This kind of information that involved the underground market of cultivation resources for genetic newcomers had long been in the sights of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division.

Therefore, the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division had long noticed the manager of the underground market, Wang Ji, and paid close attention to the mutated genetic materials circulating in his underground market.

In the Great Genetic Age, although the Blue Star Genetic Committee was established, the Blue Star Genetic Committee was more like an alliance to the various genetic committees under it, not a superior and subordinate.

In comparison, the Blue Star Genetic Committee had more influence in the extra-terrestrial. As a result, the Genetic Committee of the various sectors on the Blue Star maintained a high degree of autonomy.

Many mutated animals and plants with regional characteristics became rare resources. Many times, rare mutated genetic animals and plants that could not be bought through official channels could be bought through the underground market controlled by Wang Ji.

Of course, the cost would definitely be higher.

As such, the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division had specially assigned people to keep an eye on this area in order to obtain some rare mutated genetic animals and plants. The information on the underground market manager, Wang Ji, had long been placed on the desk of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division.

Wang Ji was born in April 2096 in Lion City, Sing-Malaysia Sector. He then grew up step by step. He was injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir in high school and activated 11 genetic base points. His talent in the Extreme Branch was astonishing. He entered the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College.

Originally, Wang Ji should have had a bright future. However, he accidentally killed a classmate and went to jail for seven years during his third year.

At this point, Wang Ji’s intelligence resume had been blank for nearly 12 years.

After a 12-year gap, Wang Ji appeared again. He established a small trading company in the Niyah Sector and set up a very small-scale resource circulation platform market, which was the Kian Market.

In the past ten years, Wang Ji’s Kian Market has always been able to get their hands on some rare goods. As a result, his reputation grew, and so did his scale.

The intelligence from the Special Intelligence Division stated that Wang Ji would leave Niyah every two weeks and drive to Lion City in Sing-Malaysia Sector.

According to the Special Intelligence Division’s investigation, he should be visiting his wife and children.

Wang Ji’s wife and children were in Lion City.

That was all the information the Special Intelligence Division had on Wang Ji.

This was because Wang Ji was only an underground market manager. The Special Intelligence Division did not have to investigate Wang Ji too deeply. Otherwise, it would be a waste of manpower and resources.

The information provided by the Special Intelligence Division explained one thing—Wang Ji was born in the Sing-Malaysia Sector. He also had a wife and children over there. Niyah Sector was just the place where his career was established.

Yet, something strange happened. In the Niyah District, although Wang Ji’s information had been swept clean, he could still be found in the corners of the Internet.

However, they could not find any information about Wang Ji in his birth place.

Logically speaking, there should be more information about Wang Ji in the Sing-Malaysia Sector where he was born and where his family lived.

Putting everything else aside, tax information, living expenses, children’s education, and at the very least, there should be information on the entry and exit of the repulsive force flying car every time he went back and forth between Sing-Malaysia Sector and Niyah Sector.

These were all information that a person’s social activities would inevitably produce.

However, there were none. It was as if nothing had happened. It was swept clean.

This was not normal!

This was very abnormal. Even a high-level artificial intelligence like Ah Huang could tell.

There were two types of information cleaning on the Internet. One was external cleaning, and the other was internal cleaning.@@novelbin@@

External cleaning is as it said. It was just like how Ah Huang invaded the Niyah Sector’s supercomputer database and deleted the key information with Wang Ji as the center. Due to the intrusion of his authority, he could only sweep away most of the data regarding Wang Ji. Some information that was not pure data and lacked key information could not be erased.

The information about Wang Ji that remained on the Niyah intranet was similar.

The internal cleaning was simple.

It was just like how Ah Huang, the supercomputer, wanted to delete all the information related to Xu Tui in his database. As long as he entered the command and cooperated with his internal computing power, all of Xu Tui’s information would be wiped clean.

The possibility of Xu Tui being found again was zero.

In other words, Wang Ji’s information-clearing method in the Niyah Sector was external, while the information-clearing method in Sing-Malaysia Sector was internal. It was the kind of internal cleaning that had high-level rights inside the super quantum computer in the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

Under normal circumstances, the high-level rights of such a super quantum computer had a physical key to prevent data leaks.

This way, Ah Huang gave Xu Tui a conclusion. The person who cleaned up Wang Ji’s information had high-level physical key rights to the super quantum computer in the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

This immediately gave Xu Tui an extremely accurate direction.

There were not many people who could grasp the high-level key rights of super quantum computers. For example, there were only two physical keys to Ah Huang’s advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer.

Of course, there were also many high-level access rights to the physical key of the super quantum computer of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. After all, the rights to the physical key were different.

Ah Huang’s computing power these two days was to analyze this data in the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

Through the various public and non-public data that could be found in the Sing-Malaysia Sector, Ah Huang roughly found out the number of people in the Sing-Malaysia Sector who had high-level physical key rights.

There were a total of 46 people. Of course, he might have missed something.

These 46 people were basically all people with high positions in the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. It was unlikely that they would investigate one by one. Xu Tui did not have the ability to do so.

“Ah Huang, help me check. How many powerful people in the Sing-Malaysia Sector can affect the genetic information fluid quota of the Deep Sea Electric Eel?”

“That’s easy. Give me three minutes,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright.”

In less than three minutes, Ah Huang gave Xu Tui his answer.

“In the Sing-Malaysia Sector, there are a total of 17 political and business figures who can influence the genetic information fluid quota of the Deep Sea Electric Eel in various ways. Of course, I can’t guarantee that I didn’t miss anything. The information I found on the Internet is not complete,” Ah Huang said.

“Let’s compare how many of these two lists overlap.”

When Ah Huang heard this, it was stunned for a moment. “Damn, Xu Tui, this is probably why your human intelligence is stronger than a high-level artificial intelligence like me. I needed these two lists to be placed in front of me at the same time before I could think about anything related. However, you had already considered this when you asked me to investigate the genetic information fluid of the Deep Sea Electric Eel.”

“That’s right, Ah Huang. Otherwise, why would you add the word artificial in front of your intelligence?”

“Tch! The results are out. In the two lists, there are a total of five names that overlap. However, the identities of each of these five people are extraordinary,” Ah Huang suddenly said.

“Projection.”

In the next moment, Ah Huang projected the name list in front of Xu Tui and marked their identities.

Xu Tui sucked in a cold breath when he saw these identities. They were all members of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. The five of them were either the director or the deputy director.

There was one director and four deputy directors.

Wu Shiji, Director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee.

There were also those who held positions in the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the Huaya Genetic Committee.

Suddenly, Xu Tui saw a familiar name among the five names.

Li Jin!

He was the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee and the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee. He had once given him a medal.

Xu Tui chased after the mastermind and continued to narrow down and eliminate the suspects. In the end, he locked up the suspects on the heads of the five big shots in charge of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee.

Who could it be?

Xu Tui fell into deep thought.