Chapter 370 - Structure And Reactivation

Chapter 370: Structure and Reactivation

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“The cultivation materials for the Thousand Miles Sword Technique are relatively complete at the moment. You can first learn the sword technique and start cultivating the Sword Eyes Sword Heart and Spiral Force. These two abilities will increase your strength greatly. The other abilities depended on your cultivation progress and needs.

“For the next period of time, your focus will be on the Dimensional Explosion.” Xu Tui made his choice so An Xiaoxue began to guide Xu Tui’s cultivation.

“There are a total of three steps to cultivating Dimensional Explosion. The first step is to use your mind power to simulate the quantum entangled state and establish a quantum entangled state model.

“The second step, through the resonance of the quantum entangled state model established by your mind power, you have to find the genetic base points of the quantum entangled state that had long been silent or even degenerated.

“The third step was to inject a special quantum channel information fluid and fuse the mind power entangled state model with the degenerated quantum entangled state genetic base points to form a quantum entangled channel.

“After these three steps, the rest will be simple,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on as he listened. It sounded very complicated.

“Miss An, is that difficult?”

“It was very difficult. The first step took me nine months. The second step took me a year and a half. The third step took me two years. However, I could be considered a pioneer of this cultivation branch. When I cultivated the Dimensional Explosion, I took many detours.

“Now that you have started cultivating the Dimensional Explosion, you can avoid these detours. Naturally, you don’t have to spend so much time like me. Especially the third step, it should save you a lot of time,” An Xiaoxue said.

After saying that, An Xiaoxue sighed and said, “When you master the Dimensional Explosion, your strength will be about the same as mine. Even if there is a gap, it will only take time to accumulate.”

“Miss An, you’re about to reach the Genetic Evolution Realm. By the way, Miss An, you previously suggested that I undergo a genetic mutation and complete a genetic mutation before going to the extra-terrestrial. This means that I had to break through to the Genetic Mutation Realm to increase my strength.

“I have a question. Generally speaking, do many students undergo genetic mutation only after they form a system with their genetic ability chains?” Xu Tui asked.

“Didn’t you form a system?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Flying sword, silver pill, mental perception, mental chain, mental whip, and high-level materialization. Just these abilities have already formed a three-dimensional offensive and defensive system.

“Speaking in a broader sense, you are able to step into the air. You also have the mind power domain. This system could be said to be complete. Moreover, our Genetic Miracle had an advantage that other cultivation sects envied.

“Even if your cultivation level entered the Genetic Mutation Realm or even the Genetic Evolution Realm, it would only be slightly more difficult for you to activate a new genetic ability chain than before you broke through.

“After breaking through to the Genetic Mutation Realm or even the Genetic Evolution Realm, other genetic newcomers would need to put in three or even five times the effort to activate a new genetic ability chain.

“But our Genetic Miracle will only take 20 to 30 percent more effort,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was also stunned. He did not discover it when he’s not thinking. After some thought, he realized that his starting point was actually higher than that of the other students.

In the beginning, his training was systematic training. Therefore, his combat strength had always been outstanding.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue’s words also resolved Xu Tui’s biggest worry.

Xu Tui was still very interested in the ability of the School of General Senses. The superpower cultivated by the School of General Senses was extremely powerful. He wanted to continue digging deeper into this area.

If the time needed to activate a new Genetic Ability Chain after the breakthrough was huge, then it would be difficult.

Xu Tui had to consider whether he should carry out the genetic mutation later. But he could completely accept this if it would only consume 20 to 30 percent of his energy.

After the incident in Niyah, Xu Tui realized one thing: he had to improve his strength as soon as possible. After all, no one would know whether the accident or tomorrow would come first.

“Miss An, I knew that there are two ways to undergo genetic mutation. One of them was the very popular genetic mutation elixir. The other is autonomous mutation. What kind of mutation should I undergo if I want to break through?” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui had not spent half a year studying in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College for nothing. He had already learned most of the cultivation theories regarding genetic newcomers.

“In theory, it’s best to undergo an autonomous mutation. It’s also the strongest in combat power. Moreover, there’s no danger. After all, injecting the genetic mutation elixir was an invasive method. Although the side effects had been minimized over the years, there was still a certain degree of danger.

“However, it would take too long if you were to carry out an autonomous mutation. If you want to undergo a genetic mutation, I suggest that you combine the two.

“Select one or two genetic ability chains to undergo an autonomous mutation. For example, your mental chain and mental whip which will have a huge impact on your combat strength in the future.

“Others such as low-level and high-level instantiation, reaction speed, and mental perception, including the great genetic ability chain that has just been connected, you can use the genetic mutation elixir.”

At this point, An Xiaoxue paused for a moment. “However, the overall mutation of the Great Genetic Ability Chains involves a lot of genetic base points.

“You can slowly accumulate mutations. You can mutate once a week and again the next week. You can accumulate progress. When your other abilities are completely mutated and you can advance to the Genetic Evolution Realm, the mutation of the Great Genetic Ability Chain will naturally happen,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui understood this. The more genetic base points a genetic ability chain had, the more difficult it would be to mutate, be it autonomously or through genetic mutation elixir. If he used autonomous mutation, the duration of the mutation would be longer. If he used a genetic mutation elixir to mutate, he might need to do it several times before he succeeded.

However, Xu Tui had a question in his mind.

“Miss An, is the mutation of the genetic ability chain related to the level of the genetic base point development?” Xu Tui asked.

This problem has existed since Xu Tui started thinking about genetic mutation. This was because the self mutation recorded in the books was very similar to him strengthening his genetic base points.

“For now, although the theoretical world has raised the idea that genetic base points have a development level, there are currently many different opinions. There is no conclusion. An autonomous mutation was actually the re-development of an entire genetic ability chain.@@novelbin@@

“It was similar to the genetic mutation elixir. But according to our Genetic Miracle research, the development level of a single genetic base point could affect the mutation of the genetic ability chain.

“However, the mutation of the genetic ability chain was more of a structural change. Through introspection, you should be able to discover that the curve of the unlocked genetic ability chain was actually a dotted line. If we did not stimulate it, we would not even be able to see this dotted line.

“Genetic mutation was to solidify this dotted line and turn it into an existence similar to the physical structure in the body. Then, through the solidification of this genetic ability chain, it could change our body and improve our various physical attributes.

“This is called a mutation. It could be said that mutation emphasized structure, while genetic base point development emphasized individuals. The structure was more stable.

“If the individual development level is high, the combat power will be even stronger!”

An Xiaoxue thought about Xu Tui’s question for a while before answering.

Clearly, Xu Tui’s question was a little off. However, he roughly understood what he meant.

There was actually no conclusion regarding the development level of the genetic base points. The current Level 2 silver level was something that Xu Tui had come up with himself in his illusory introspective state.

The mutation of the genetic ability chain was to fix all the genetic base points that constituted the entire genetic ability chain with a solid line, forming a stable structure. It would nourish his body and strengthen his physique.

“Miss An, in that case, I plan to start the genetic mutation tomorrow,” Xu Tui said.

“Then is it an autonomous mutation or using the genetic mutation elixir?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“I want to try both methods. Then, I’ll compare the pros and cons before deciding which one to use,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, since you’re going to undergo genetic mutation and you’re now an assistant researcher at the Research Institute Number 14, I’ll set up a project and use the research funds to concoct a genetic mutation elixir for you,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, there’s no need for that. I still have money,” Xu Tui quickly said.

An Xiaoxue glared at Xu Tui in dissatisfaction. “Do you think it’s just a matter of funds? I can customize the genetic mutation elixir that I’ve given you in the Research Institute Number 14. I can minimize the side effects and increase the medicinal effect to the greatest extent and your compatibility.

“I’ll order a batch of genetic mutation elixir today. Come over early tomorrow,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui did not dare to refuse. He could only agree.

“By the way, your personal communication device has been modified. The next time you encounter a particle pulse electromagnetic bomb, even if your communication is interrupted, your personal communication device can still be used as a standalone device. You can obtain Ah Huang’s support at any time. Ah Huang’s core chip has also been reactivated.”

As she spoke, An Xiaoxue handed over Xu Tui’s communication device and Ah Huang’s core quantum chip.

Xu Tui put on his communication device and turned it on. After verifying his identity, he inserted Ah Huang’s core quantum chip into the communication device.

Xu Tui had learned his lesson from the incident in Niyah. He did not immediately repair his communication device after he returned. Instead, he spent another few million dollars to purchase supplies according to Ah Huang’s modification list. He then modified and strengthened the communication device.

Such a small electronic device was extremely difficult to defend against a particle pulse electromagnetic bomb. However, after being modified and strengthened, it could retain its functions as much as possible.

He also used Ah Huang’s equipment to create a convenient electromagnetic overload safety interface. After encountering another particle-pulse bomb, the electromagnetic overload safety interface would immediately melt.

However, other than its communication function, the entire personal communication device had other functions. Ah Huang could also provide Xu Tui with information and even a small portion of its computing power.

Moreover, as long as he brought along a backup electromagnetic overload insurance, he would be able to easily replace and restore the communication function. It was unlikely that he would lose contact with a particle-pulse electromagnetic bomb again.

After five to six days, Ah Huang returned to Xu Tui’s wrist. To be honest, Xu Tui did not think much of Ah Huang’s real-time data. However, after losing it these few days, he felt that something was missing.

Xu Tui wanted to investigate the mastermind and Feng Qian, but he felt that it was not convenient.

He communicated with Ah Huang the moment he left the Research Institute Number 14.

“Ah Huang, give me the results of your investigation in the next few days.” Although Xu Tui had cut off contact with Ah Huang over the past few days, Ah Huang’s investigation had not stopped.