Chapter 379 - The More Urgent, The Better (2)

Chapter 379: The More Urgent, the Better (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, who was on the other end of the line, was stunned. His mouth was slightly agape. He was a little shocked. After attending school for a year, the level of protection he enjoyed was already on the same level as the governor of Jincheng Prefecture?

Back when he was in Jincheng Prefecture, the governor of Jincheng Prefecture was only a big shot that Xu Tui could only see in the news.

Now, the level of the protection response was actually the same as his.

It seemed pretty good.

“The second suggestion is that if you want to leave the Huaxia Sector, such as going to other sectors, you must inform us before you set off.

“We will also have a relevant measure. The relevant measure is to arrange for a special operations team to appear by your side in various ways so that they can protect you immediately,” Tian Su said.

“Alright, I understand. I’ll try my best to do as you suggest,” Xu Tui promised.@@novelbin@@

“Thank you.”

…

Xu Tui hung up the phone. He took a deep breath and slowly exhaled.

He had already known that there was a high chance that the Special Intelligence Division’s investigation would not yield any results even before Ah Huang had gotten a general result more than ten days ago.

The mastermind’s methods were too ruthless and thorough.

The Special Intelligence Division would give up because they did not have any leads. However, Xu Tui would not give up.

Moreover, Xu Tui still had a possible clue.

However, he had not touched this clue for more than ten days. Other than the fact that he was still learning cultivation-related abilities, the most fundamental reason was that his worries had not been resolved.

After returning from the ambush in Niyah Sector, both Ah Huang and the Special Intelligence Division had a common direction to pursue—Wang Ji’s family.

The results of the investigation were fruitless. All traces of Wang Ji’s family seemed to have been erased.

Although there was no result, it made Xu Tui realize an extremely important problem for the first time—the safety of his parents.

Previously, he wanted to go home mainly because he wanted to change the living conditions of his parents. After all, he was rich now.

But now, he had to consider this.

Previously, the mastermind who was targeting Xu Tui might have been intimidated by the strength of the Huaxia Sector’s security department. It might also be because the mastermind did not have intentions on the passive genetic ability chain of the reaction speed. Thus, they did not take any action in this area.

But what about the future?

He could not be sure!

The garrison troops in the Huaxia Sector had already begun to fully implement the passive genetic ability chain of reaction speed. Once it was successfully promoted and displayed its power in future wars, this ability would become popular again.

There was no lack of irrational lunatics in this world. For example, many official organizations that were not part of the Genetic Committee.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not only consider that his parents had to live a comfortable life, but also that they had to be safe. Although the Jincheng Prefecture was safe, there were still members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization lurking half a year ago.

Where would be the safest place?

There was no doubt that it was the Capital. Even the security guard at the entrance of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Uncle Qin, knew this clearly. He was extremely confident.

Xu Tui had confirmed this a few days ago. He had not moved because he was waiting for news from the Special Intelligence Division. He had to solve this problem.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would not dare to act rashly no matter how much he thought about it.

As long as he solved this problem, he would be able to carry out many of his plans when he returns.

The next day was also the 14th day since Xu Tui stepped into the Genetic Mutation Realm.

It was November 25th.

Xu Tui arrived at the Research Center for Neural Reaction Speed early in the morning.

Luo Shifeng had died, but Xu Tui was still an intermediate researcher at the Research Center of the Neurology Department.

Luo Shifeng’s office was still there. Originally, after Luo Shifeng’s death, Luo Shifeng’s office and the high-quality equipment had to be reallocated. However, Xu Tui used his status as an intermediate researcher to ask for Luo Shifeng’s office. Of course, that included the high-quality equipment.

Of course, he did not monopolize it.

There was no dust in the office. Someone must have cleaned it. However, the placement of the items and books did not change.

Xu Tui took a deep breath and activated the 24-headed mixed laser array launcher that Luo Shifeng had used in the past as well as the relevant testing equipment.

The test began.

The fastest reaction speed was 0.04 milliseconds.

The average reaction speed was 0.09 milliseconds.

His overall reaction speed was 0.2 milliseconds.

This was the result half an hour later.

Compared to the speed when he strengthened his ninth genetic base point to level two silver, it was a huge improvement. In particular, his overall reaction speed had increased from 0.4 milliseconds to 0.2 milliseconds.

The improvement was huge!

After getting the results, Xu Tui opened the safe and carefully read through Luo Shifeng’s research progress and various conjectures.

Another thing in Luo Shifeng’s final wishes was to realize his dream.

His ideal was to reproduce the ability of Time Distortion and confirm his previous conjecture that the speed of his neural response had the ability of active genetic chains.

The reason why Xu Tui chose the genetic ability chain of reaction speed to undergo a directional mutation a few days ago was because he wanted to try and accumulate experience.

However, from the looks of it now, his thoughts conflicted with Luo Shifeng’s guess back then.

Before Luo Shifeng’s sacrifice, he had considered countless times to increase the development of the genetic ability chain of reaction speed through genetic mutation to reproduce Time Distortion.