Chapter 381 - Good Neighbors (1)

Chapter 381: Good Neighbors (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui suddenly decided to make a trip home, and he set off immediately.

It looked rushed. However, in reality, going home was not rushed at all.

Xu Tui had been planning to return home ever since he attended Luo Shifeng’s funeral.

However, the Special Intelligence Division had told Xu Tui not to leave the Capital for the time being, which was why he had not been able to do so.

But all the preparations had been made. Including the gifts for his parents.

The gifts he bought for his father were two boxes of Maotai and two Huazi that he had bought when he went to the mall last week.

Xu Jianguo liked to drink and smoke. However, because of his mother, he never smoked at home. He smoked them outside or on the road.

This did not stop Xu Tui from bringing some cigarettes and alcohol for his father. He originally thought that one or two bottles would be enough. With Xu Jianguo’s personality, he would probably only drink one or two bottles to try it out. Then, he would keep them for his family and friends.

Everyone was happy.

Therefore, he brought a few more bottles.

Xu Tui did not know what to buy for his mother.

After asking Cheng Mo, Cheng Mo said to buy a dishwasher for his mother so that she could free her hands after dinner.

Xu Tui ended the call.

Most of the dishes in his house were washed by his father, Xu Jianguo.

In the end, he still followed Gong Ling’s suggestion. He bought a set of cosmetics. Things were not expensive, but didn’t one have to have a sense of ritual in life?

Of course, these were all minor details.

The other preparations, including the preparations for possible accidents, had already been prepared.

The original plan was to bring Cheng Mo home with him.

However, Xu Tui considered his current state. He was like an accident summoning device with the Genetic Miracle’s research project of abnormal load of mind power, and his passive genetic ability chain of reaction speed on him.

It might bring him an unexpected outcome. If he returned with Cheng Mo, it was very likely that he would bring disaster to Cheng Mo. Therefore, Xu Tui quietly returned home this time.

Xu Tui did not even drive his repulsive force flying car when he set off. Instead, he drove An Xiaoxue’s repulsive force flying car directly out of the Capital and headed west with his not-so-large but not-so-light combat backpack.

He headed west!

There were many people on the way to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College five months ago. They used public transportation and took a detour. They were even ambushed. They had to walk for more than a day and a night.@@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui was driving the repulsive force flying car when he returned. He flew all the way after leaving the capital.

If he was flying, he would not have to make as many turns as he did on the road. The distance between them would be shorter.

The 1,400-kilometer journey took Xu Tui less than three hours. He quietly returned to Jincheng Prefecture from the Capital Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui was thinking that under such circumstances, if the mastermind could still track his whereabouts in real time, he could only say that he was convinced.

It had to be said that the repulsive force flying car was really fast. It would be much more convenient if there were enough repulsive flying cars when he went to school to report. Unfortunately, the repulsive force flying car could only carry two to three passengers.

The key was that the requirement of the driver’s reaction speed was extremely high. So there were too few drivers.

Under normal circumstances, students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, which was ranked first in the entire Huaxia Sector, would only be able to achieve the reaction speed of a repulsive force flying car after a year of hard training.

After the inspection at the radar checkpoint, Xu Tui drove the flying car slowly into Jincheng Prefecture. It immediately attracted the attention of the crowd below the city. Many students pointed at the flying car in the sky and shouted.

It was a little eye-catching.

Comparatively, there were not many repulsive flying cars in Jincheng Prefecture.

It was not that the people of Jincheng Prefecture could not afford it. The price of a second-hand car was even cheaper. There was no problem buying it. The key was still that problem—the special flying license!

Without a special flying license, if one dared to drive a flying car on the road without a license, they would definitely be punished until they doubted their life and their future.

When he returned to the familiar Jincheng Prefecture, Xu Tui subconsciously drove the flying car to the vicinity of the old district where he used to live.

Xu Tui only came to his senses when he was close enough. His parents had already sold the house here. In order to provide for his cultivation, his parents had abandoned their home.

However, with parents, there would be a place to return to and a home.

Xu Tui directly asked Ah Huang to use the address of the house that his parents were currently renting as its navigation destination.

To be honest, the journey from the Capital to Jincheng Prefecture only took two and a half hours. On the other hand, it had been almost two hours of flying in the capital and Jincheng Prefecture.

At three o’clock in the afternoon, Xu Tui finally found his parents’ rented apartment.

It’s in an old residential area on the west side of the city. Most of the houses were over 30 years old. They did not have property management and were old and dirty. This was a characteristic of this residential area.

Xu Tui could not even find a suitable landing spot for the repulsive force flying car.

In the end, Xu Tui parked the repulsive-force flying car in a toll parking lot two kilometers away. Then, he carried his combat backpack and bags and headed home.

The attack on Niyah Sector told Xu Tui that he had to carry his combat backpack no matter when or where.

At that time, if Xu Tui had been carrying the artificial mechanical warehouse…

Unfortunately, there were not many ifs in reality.

It was already four o’clock in the afternoon by the time he found his parents’ rented apartment.