Chapter 380 - The More Urgent, The Better (3)

Chapter 380: The More Urgent, the Better (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was just as Xu Tui had thought.

However, those without the Time Distortion ability would not be able to use the genetic mutation elixir to mutate the genetic ability chain. If he was unable to cause the genetic ability of this reaction speed to mutate, he would not be able to make the cultivator replicate the ability of Time Distortion.

If he wanted to replicate this ability, he would have to let the volunteers undergo training that would target their reaction speed for at least three to five years. However, it was too difficult to find a volunteer who could give up for such a long time.

Back then, Luo Shifeng had only found a few of them as the head of the department and a professor of the neurology department. Not to mention the current Xu Tui.

He memorized all of Luo Shifeng’s research materials. Then, Xu Tui placed Luo Shifeng’s research materials into the safe.

This was an honor that belonged to Luo Shifeng.

If Xu Tui could one day fulfill Luo Shifeng’s dream, these would be the cornerstones of Luo Shifeng’s honor.@@novelbin@@

That was why Xu Tui did not move these.

What he needed to do now was to continuously expand and improve himself. When he stood at a higher height and solved this problem, he might have a different train of thought.

No matter what, Xu Tui is determined to fulfill Luo Shifeng’s dream. Even if he really could not replicate it, Xu Tui had to prove this point after his influence reached a certain level.

He locked the safe and straightened the photo frame of Luo Shifeng, who had an exquisite beard on his desk. Xu Tui was about to leave.

At the door, the teaching assistant, Liu Lan, was already standing there. No, it should be Senior Lecturer Liu Lan. She had used Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng’s research results to skip a grade.

“Miss Liu, did you clean up this place?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, I’ll come over every morning to clean up.” Liu Lan nodded gently.

“Are you still persisting in the overall training method of the genetic ability chain for reaction speed that Professor Luo asked you to carry out?”

Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Liu Lan was one of the few volunteers Luo Shifeng had chosen to replicate the ability of Time Distortion. Of course, volunteers had a discount.

After all, Liu Lan was a teacher in the Neurology Department. She had to listen to Luo Shifeng.

Liu Lan was stunned. She quickly nodded. “I’m still persisting in it!”

“Miss Liu, as long as you stick to the training plan for the genetic ability chain for reaction speed formulated by Professor Luo, you can look for me if you have any trouble! Moreover, your name will still be included in my next stage of research,” Xu Tui said.

“Really?” Liu Lan was surprised.

“Absolutely!”

“However, you’d better keep a good training log. Also, you can inform the few volunteer teachers who were also selected. As long as they insisted on carrying out the training plan for the genetic ability chain every day and made a good training log, I will give out substantial benefits here!”

Xu Tui left after he finished speaking.

Liu Lan was left behind with a delighted expression.

Xu Tui’s request did not require a choice. Their teachers in the Neurology Department insisted on training. It would help them improve their business standards and professional titles. Moreover,they could gain benefits from Xu Tui.

The benefits of an intermediate researcher like Xu Tui were not something that could be obtained by just working hard.

Xu Tui left the Neural Reaction Speed Research Center and went straight to Research Institute 14.

“Miss An, I’m going home.”

The Special Intelligence Division said that as long as he was in the Huaxia Sector, there was no need to inform them. However, he still had to inform his teacher, An Xiaoxue, that Xu Tui was going home.

This was a must!

“Back to Jincheng Prefecture?”

“Yes.”

“When?”

“Now!”

“Why the rush?”

“I don’t know if the mastermind is paying attention to my whereabouts, but from a safe perspective, the more urgent my departure is, the safer it is. It’s mainly for my parents’ safety,” Xu Tui said.

“Your parents…” An Xiaoxue pondered for a few seconds. “What do you need me to do?”

“I don’t need it before I reach Jincheng Prefecture. However, I might need your help when I reach Jincheng Prefecture,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand what you mean. Get Ah Huang to inform me through the encrypted channel as to what you want me to do when you get to Jincheng Prefecture.”

“Thank you, Miss An.”