Chapter 386 - The Face Of Jincheng Prefecture’S

Chapter 386: The Face of Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division Is Swollen! (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“We have already arrived within three kilometers of your location in Jincheng Prefecture. In order to avoid possible exposure, we will arrive at your location in batches.”

Xu Tui received a message from Tian Suqing at 3:13 a.m. Looking at the time, it was four minutes earlier than what Tian Suqing had said.

A minute later, a repulsive-force flying car with all its lights extinguished flew near the neighborhood like a bat in the night. A few figures in black quickly entered the night.

“We’re here. Don’t be nervous.”

With their abilities, the Special Intelligence Division did not need Xu Tui to open the door for them. Supernatural beings were the standard unit in the Special Intelligence Division of the capital. There was no problem with the traps that Qian Gui had set up.

However, when the door opened quietly, there was a soft ding. It was the sound of the footrest at the door falling to the ground.

Xu Tui put it back after he entered. Unexpectedly, the special agents of the Capital were also affected by this move.

Tian Suqing, who was wearing a black combat uniform and special combat boots, looked very tall and had a valiant aura. However, she did not look too good. She had activated the warning device during her infiltration.

To the special agents of the Special Intelligence Division, this was as good as slapping them in the face. If it was any more serious, it would mean that the operation had failed.

“Is this the warning device you set up?” Tian Suqing asked.

“No, he set it up. I triggered it when I came in.”

Xu Tui’s answer made Tian Suqing’s expression turn even uglier. In other words, if they were to capture the target, they might have to go through an intense battle to capture or kill the target.

During the course of the battle, the target would most likely send a warning message to his accomplices through special means.

“I didn’t find any traces of battle.” Tian Suqing exchanged glances with the elite special agents she had brought with her. Her gaze landed on Qian Gui, who was sleeping soundly on the bed.

“Is he unconscious? How did you control him? How did you do it?” Tian Suqing asked.

“Hypnosis.”

Tian Suqing’s eyes lit up when she heard that. She forced a smile on her tense face.

“You know the Advanced Hypnosis ability of the School of Radiation Influence? I’m afraid that just Advanced Hypnosis alone isn’t enough, right? You should have learned spiritual radiation, right? Researcher Xu, why don’t you join the Capital Special Intelligence Division?

“It’s not a special offer, but a full-time offer. I guarantee that you’ll be satisfied with the treatment!”

It was obvious that Xu Tui’s ability had been noticed by Tian Suqing.

“Shouldn’t the focus be on him?” Xu Tui pointed at the unconscious Qian Gui.

“Think about it. I’m very sincere. All conditions can be discussed!”

“I still prefer to be a special expert and have more freedom. Alright, I’ll leave it to you.”

After saying that, Xu Tui stood up and sent a recording to Tian Suqing on his communication device.

“This is the recording of my questions after I hypnotized him. However, Qian Gui had undergone extremely professional and enhanced anti-hypnosis training. He was extremely determined when it came to a few key issues. What happens next will depend on your methods,” Xu Tui said.

Tian Suqing nodded. A special agent was already carrying an exquisite medicine box over. It was difficult for most people to withstand superpowers coupled with special drugs.

“Oh, that’s right. Tomorrow afternoon, help me prepare a repulsive force flying car with good performance. Also, help me prepare a team of guards. Is that okay?” Xu Tui made a request before he left.

“No problem. A standard combat team, a genetic evolver, three genetic mutants, and a supernatural being,” Tian Suqing agreed readily.

Xu Tui had given her such a great favor. This request was really nothing.@@novelbin@@

“Thank you!”

At four in the morning, Xu Tui quietly returned to his parents’ rented apartment. When he opened the door, the special agent from Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division named Wang Ning quietly sat up. He must have been observing the situation at the door through a secretly installed camera.

This special agent was quite dutiful. Even if he had received special training, he would not feel too comfortable in the long term. It was just that his ability was lacking.

After returning home, Xu Tui curled up on the sofa and communicated with Ah Huang. Everything was normal. His parents were sleeping soundly. He fell into a deep sleep after he completed his energy field cultivation.

At 6:30 in the morning, his father, Xu Jianguo, rushed into the bathroom like a thief. His mother, Zhang Xiuli, chased after him with a broken expression.

“You shameless old man, at your age, you actually…”

“Shh, don’t wake him up! Didn’t I drink too much last night?” Xu Jianguo rubbed his head awkwardly. He pleaded for mercy as he spoke, hoping to save some face in front of his son.

He was not usually like this. He would occasionally drink some wine and wake up in the middle of the night. However, he slept so soundly today. The sense of urgency did not wake him up.

Instead, he dreamed of going to the toilet. Just as he was peeing, he woke up his wife, Zhang Xiuli!

It was simply…

His wife instantly entered Hell Mode!

Zhang Xiuli had to save some face for her husband in front of her son. She pinched her husband’s waist and pushed Xu Jianguo into the bathroom.

Actually, Xu Tui had already woken up. He almost couldn’t hold back his laughter.