Chapter 385 - Special Agent

Chapter 385: Special Agent

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

There was a completely transparent thin thread connected to the door lock. The end of the thread was tied to the wind chime hanging at the entrance. There were transparent warning threads tied to the windows.

If one did not have special equipment, they would not be able to see these transparent threads even if they were standing in front of them, unless he touched it with his body. However, it would trigger these warning devices.

It was only because Xu Tui had a mental perception that he noticed it. If it were any other extreme-type cultivator, they would not be able to discover this warning equipment unless their perception was extraordinary.

Any normal person or ordinary person would not have made such warning equipment given the security situation in the Huaxia Sector. On the other hand, if Engineer Qian did such an arrangement in his rented residence, there would be a problem with him.

Xu Tui also noticed that there was a camera blinking at the staircase. This should be one of those smart sensor cameras. If it sensed that someone or other objects had stayed in place for more than five seconds, it would automatically record it. If it was a much more high-end product, it would directly call the police indoors when someone stays in place for too long.

This Engineer Qian’s warning methods were quite comprehensive.

Xu Tui used his mental perception to sense the situation in the room. At the same time, he turned onto the stairs. He only stopped when he was out of the camera’s field of vision. He could sense that Engineer Qian was sleeping.

Relatively speaking, sleeping was more suitable for spiritual radiation.

Xu Tui’s mind power changed slightly and turned into a mind power magnetic field. There was an invisible fluctuation that affected the sleeping Engineer Qian. At the same time, Xu Tui used his mind power to grab the wind chime at the door that was used as a warning device.

He used his mind power to materialize his other hand and slowly opened the locked door. Then, he walked down the stairs and pushed open the door.

Ding!

A soft sound made Xu Tui stop in his tracks.

F*ck, there was undiscovered warning equipment. This guy was really smart!

Fortunately, Xu Tui’s spiritual radiation had caused Engineer Qian to fall into a deeper sleep. The soft sound did not wake Engineer Qian up.

At this moment, he carefully searched around with his mind power. He realized that there was a corner of the footrest at the door. The edge of the footrest was made of metal. When he pushed the door open and landed on the ground, there was a soft sound.

This guy was really sneaky. If it were anyone else, they would have been discovered.

The moment Xu Tui silently entered the room, Ah Huang’s information about Engineer Qian appeared in front of Xu Tui. He was a student of the Ningyin Prefecture Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch, a water-type supernatural being.

However, his superpower was not obvious. He had been in school for three years and his improvement was slow. After he graduated, he found a normal job in society and became a highly skilled engineer who repaired the repulsive-force flying car.

He is an elite blue-collar worker. The income was also very good.

“Then let’s ask.”

Xu Tui suddenly increased the frequency of his mind power magnetic field. While he increased the intensity of his spiritual radiation, he gently woke Engineer Qian up. He activated the Advanced Hypnosis.

Engineer Qian, who was sleeping in a daze, had yet to fully wake up when he entered another half-asleep state. He was hypnotized.

“Tell me about your background,” Xu Tui sat on the sofa in the bedroom and asked casually.

“My background…”

Engineer Qian’s answer under hypnosis was exactly the same as the information Xu Tui had obtained.

This stunned Xu Tui.

The anti-hypnosis training that this guy had received was much more professional than the anti-hypnosis training that Wang Ning had received. If Xu Tui did not have the spiritual radiation, he would have been able to fool him.

He slowly activated the spiritual resonance. Under the effect of the mind power magnetic field, Xu Tui allowed Engineer Qian to gradually accept him mentally. He established a certain level of spiritual trust in him.

“Who sent you to observe Xu Jianguo?”

“It’s a temporary mission from the organization.”

“The details of the mission?”

“Contact Xu Jianguo and his wife without attracting the attention of the special agents guarding them. After the organization has set up a route to receive them, I will wait for an opportunity to take Xu Jianguo and his wife away. That way, we will have one to two hours to escape.”

“Mission progress?”

“The contact has been completed. We have also avoided the attention of the special agent on duty with the help of our colleague’s rental. We just have to wait for the organization to establish a route to receive us and give the order to take them away.”

“Your identity.”

“D-rank intelligence agent of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Dawn Salvation.”

“How do you contact your superiors?”

“Password?”

“You don’t need a password. You can just tell me. I’ll verify you!”

“Password!”

“I’m your superior. Just tell me your contact information.”

“There must be a password!”

Even under hypnosis, Engineer Qian was extremely determined about this matter. He should have gone through repeated intensive training.

Following Xu Tui’s repeated questions, the eyes of Engineer Qian, who was under hypnosis, began to sway. His condition became unstable.

“Alright, you can continue resting then.”

Xu Tui did not dare to ask any more questions. If he did, he would fall out of the hypnotic state. He needed to stabilize himself. He did not expect the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization to target his parents. He could roughly guess the reason. It was most likely because of the Genetic Ability Chain. It was only because the security in the Huaxia Sector had always been high that they could not go far even if they took someone away.

Otherwise, the other party would have succeeded long ago.

Xu Tui did not plan to interfere too much after that.

Capturing members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization was the job of the Special Intelligence Division. However, this was actually a contribution.

Who should he call? Should he call Tian Suqing from the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital or the Special Intelligence Division of the Jincheng Prefecture?

Xu Tui dialed Tian Suqing’s number without much hesitation. The director of the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division was still Zhou Sheng. He was the person who had dealt with Xu Tui back then. It was not hatred, but he definitely did not have a good impression of him.

Since it involves contribution, he naturally had to call Tian Suqing. It could be considered as returning a favor.

Of course, there was another important problem. Xu Tui did not trust the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division. After all, this was the Special Intelligence Division of a remote place. The special agents who worked here were inferior in terms of ability and basic quality.

Be it the special agents who had protected Xu Tui half a year ago or the special agents who had protected Xu Tui’s parents, they had done their best. However, their abilities were…

According to Engineer Qian, they had long discovered the special agents protecting Xu Tui’s parents. Therefore, he did not use direct contact. Instead, he used various methods to lure the two young colleagues to Xu Tui’s parents as neighbors.

Right, Engineer Qian had mentioned something else just now.

The last time he went to his colleague’s house, he had installed a miniature camera nearby so that he could check on the situation outside Xu Tui’s parents’ house at any time. The special agents of Jincheng Prefecture did not notice anything.

Tian Suqing was undoubtedly extremely dedicated. He wondered how she slept.

Xu Tui’s phone only rang twice before she picked it up. It was the middle of the night. If Xu Tui’s phone suddenly rang while he was asleep, he would probably be in shock for a long time.

Tian Suqing acted as if nothing had happened. “Researcher Xu, what happened?”

Xu Tui roughly explained the situation.

“Researcher Xu, you should look for the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division first. Also, we gave the order to protect your parents. However, I didn’t expect the special agent sent by Jincheng Prefecture to be so lacking in professionalism. They were actually discovered.”

“You sent them out on orders?”

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment before he suddenly smiled. “Director Tian, this Qian Gui is a D-rank intelligence agent from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. I think he might be a big fish. It’s better to give him to you. As for the issue of jurisdiction, can you think of a way to resolve it?”

On the other end of the line, Tian Suqing was stunned.

The D-rank intelligence personnel of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization could be considered a big fish. At the very least, one of them could fish out one higher-rank, and three to five of the lower.

Moreover, Qian Gui had been lurking in Jincheng Prefecture for five to six years. They might be able to wipe out the Dawn Salvation Organization, which had the least number of traitors in the northwestern region of Huaxia Sector. That would be a huge contribution. It would be considered very good for Tian Suqing. Moreover, Tian Suqing also needed such contribution points to distribute to her subordinates.

The only problem was the Special Intelligence Division’s jurisdiction.

“Researcher Xu, if you’re willing, I’ll get someone to give you an appointment order immediately.”

“What appointment order?”

“I’ve specially hired you as a special agent of the Capital’s Special Intelligence Division. You’re an expert. How about that? In that case, you can report the problem you discovered to the Capital’s Special Intelligence Division and let us handle it,” Tian Suqing said.

“Will there be any benefits?” Xu Tui asked with a smile.

“Of course, after obtaining this identity, if you’ve used some special methods on some people, our Special Intelligence Division can deal with the aftermath as long as no one dies. Of course, you could not do anything that would harm the country. With this identity, you would be considered one of us. It would be more convenient in the future. Needless to say, everything has to be done according to the rules.

“There’s also an expert allowance. It’s not much. It’s more than 10,000 yuan a month. There will be additional subsidies if you participate in the mission. It will be a little more,” Tian Suqing said.

“No problem. I like those with an allowance. Send it over now. I’ll sign to confirm.”

“Alright, one minute.”

Tian Suqing was extremely efficient. A minute later, a document was sent to Xu Tui’s personal communication device. After he signed and confirmed it, his personal information was updated immediately.@@novelbin@@

“Alright, Director Tian, how long will it take for you to rush over? It would be best if you can arrive before dawn. I suspect that if this guy is being controlled, there might be clues at his workplace or a secret way to check in and report his safety every day. If he’s not at work, we might alert the enemy.”

“There’s no need for dawn. Fifteen minutes later, our personnel could assemble and depart. It’s late at night now. Traffic is smooth. We will arrive on time in two hours and 35 minutes!” Tian Suqing said.

“Alright, I’ll wait for you.”

Xu Tui felt a little bored staying there, so he sent a message to An Xiaoxue through his communication device. “Miss An, after you see this message tomorrow morning, drive my flying car to Jincheng Prefecture. I need your help. Just arrive before noon.”

Xu Tui thought that it was past 12:30 a.m. and An Xiaoxue should be asleep. She would probably wake up early the next day when she saw the news. Unexpectedly, he received a reply from An Xiaoxue a minute later.

“Roger that. Be there by twelve!”

Xu Tui was dumbfounded when he saw the reply.

Was An Xiaoxue still awake? Or did An Xiaoxue set an emergency wake-up call to the message he sent?