Chapter 388 - The Face Of Jincheng Prefecture’S

Chapter 388: The Face of Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division Is Swollen! (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

However, he was old and did not sleep well. Therefore, he had made special settings for some less urgent situations. He would read them at work in the morning. He did not want to disturb his rest.

After browsing through a few reports, the special agent Wang Ning, who had been sent to protect Xu Jianguo and his wife, suddenly sent a message that made Zhou Sheng freeze.

Xu Tui had returned home!

This situation was normal. However, what was abnormal was Xu Tui himself.

The Special Intelligence Division was constantly keeping an eye on the students who left Jincheng Prefecture. When they graduated in the future, they could also select a portion of them to join the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division.

Xu Tui’s performance over the past six months had been too eye-catching. The battle results made Zhou Sheng look at him in a new light. Moreover, Zhou Sheng did not know many things.

For example, the ambush in Niyah!

However, the most eye-catching information that Zhou Sheng knew about Xu Tui was the title of the intermediate researcher and the level of Xu Tui’s protection response in the Special Intelligence Division.

A low-grade Level B protection response was already the protection response level of a Prefecture Lord.

“I’m afraid that Xu Tui will have a bright future ahead of him. Since he had returned home, I’ll go meet him and form a good relationship with him. After all, I’m the one who will protect his parents. I’ll show him some face. Yes, I have to prepare a similar gift.

“That’s right, Xu Tui’s parents don’t have a good living environment. After we’re done, we’ll get better public housing…

“This won’t do. We should make the arrangements today and offer these benefits in front of Xu Tui…”

…

Although he was the head of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division, Zhou Sheng had become a standard bureaucrat over the years.

Just as Zhou Sheng was arranging the many things he had just planned, his adjutant suddenly ran over in a panic.

“Director Zhou, I just received a call from the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital. Their special expert, Xu Tui, discovered a Level D middle-rank intelligence officer from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in Jincheng Prefecture.

“They’ve already dug out seven people from the lower ranks and one person from the higher ranks. However, they don’t have enough manpower, so they requested to cooperate with us!”

“What?”

Zhou Sheng jumped up like a monkey whose butt had been burned.

A middle-grade Level D intelligence officer. They even dug out a higher-rank and seven lower-ranks.

The higher-rank is at least Level C intelligence personnel from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Based on past experience, a Level C intelligence officer from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization was basically the person in charge of intelligence in an area!

What did that mean?

They dug out a bunch! They might be digging up the power of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in Jincheng Prefecture.

This was a great contribution! They could brag about their achievements for at least ten years!

But f*ck…

Zhou Sheng had the urge to stomp his feet and curse. In the territory of Jincheng Prefecture, this great contribution was taken away by the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital.

What a slap in the face! It was such a sound slap!

When the news spread in the future, the face of the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division would definitely swell.

“Let’s go. Gather the elites in the bureau and meet up with the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital!”

Zhou Sheng felt that this matter could still be salvaged. He could salvage the situation a little.

The deputy commander’s expression was a little strange. “Director Zhou, the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital only sent out the information and locations of three Level E intelligence personnel from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. They said that they will capture all the targets in half an hour.”

Zhou Sheng was stunned. The Special Intelligence Division of the Capital had given them some leeway and shared the soup. It was impossible to salvage the situation.

Looking at the report that Wang Ning had urgently reported last night, Zhou Sheng suddenly wanted to slap himself! If he had seen this piece of information last night, he would have gone to see Xu Tui last night.

Perhaps anything could be rewritten. But now, it was all too late!

The face of the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division was about to swell!@@novelbin@@

For a moment, Zhou Sheng felt that Xu Tui was taking revenge.

Half a year ago, they had taken advantage of the situation and released Xu Tui as bait. He was taking revenge for that incident.

Among the two parties involved in that incident back then, Colonel Liu Tianhu had neglected the information that Xu Tui had reported, resulting in many casualties among the students. As the military commander, he had an undeniable responsibility. He took the initiative to drop four levels in a row and went to the extra-terrestrial to fight for his future.

So was it his turn as the director of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division now?

Not to mention that the face of the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Bureau would be swollen, because of this matter, he, the head of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division, would most likely be labeled as incompetent.

Being incompetent meant…

At the thought of this, Zhou Sheng’s face darkened!