Chapter 389 - A Girl That Ensures Rich Life

Chapter 389: A Girl That Ensures Rich Life

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“I’m in Jincheng Prefecture. Where should I go next?”

At 11:30 p.m., Xu Tui received a call from An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui sent An Xiaoxue an address. He was also extremely anxious as he went through all sorts of procedures for his parents.

Individual rights were usually useless, but it was extremely useful now. Originally, Xu Tui had to wait in line for an hour or two, or even make an appointment for a day or two before they could process his application. But when he immediately showed his Level D high-grade rights, his application was done straight on the spot.

In terms of the number of contribution points that could be upgraded to Level D, be it in extra-terrestrial or on the Blue Star, those who could obtain these merit points could not be considered heroes, but, they were definitely people who had contributed greatly to the Blue Star and Huaxia Sector.

Obtaining some priority in these public services had long been recognized by society. Especially in the past six months, the Huaxia Genetic Committee had planned to release the abilities of the genetic newcomers and some of the battle scenes in the extra-terrestrial to the public.

The acceptance level of ordinary people also increased greatly.

At noon, he finally completed the medical insurance and pension insurance that his parents had to go through. He could slowly deal with other unimportant matters through the Internet in the future.

At 12:30, Xu Tui drove An Xiaoxue’s repulsive force flying car back to his parents’ rented apartment. When he arrived at the entrance, Xu Tui noticed from afar that a large group of people had gathered in front of the apartment building. It sounded rather lively.

“Eh, why is it so lively today?” Zhang Xiuli, who had not recovered from the shock of Xu Tui’s repulsive force flying car, suddenly exclaimed as she stuck her head out. “Look, it’s another repulsive force flying car. It looks quite new! Not only did my son drive one, but we have another one in our rented apartment?”

Xu Tui, who was driving, immediately reacted when he heard that.

Miss An Xiaoxue had arrived.

Xu Tui stopped the repulsive force flying car in the air and saw his own repulsive force flying car.

Hundreds of people were pointing at the repulsive force flying car. Some of the people who lived in this rented apartment had never seen a repulsive-force flying car up close.

Of course, there was another reason—An Xiaoxue!

An Xiaoxue, who was wearing light blue jeans, a loose top, and a woolen sweater, had her hair tied into a ponytail. Even though she was wearing a large mask, her aura was top-notch. It was a natural high-energy magnetic field that attracted many people’s attention.

Even someone as strong as An Xiaoxue felt a little uneasy under the gazes of so many people.

“Miss An, I had something to do and came back late.”

An Xiaoxue heaved a sigh of relief when she saw Xu Tui. If Xu Tui did not return soon, she would probably want to drive away from this place.

“Improvement, this is?”

“An Xiaoxue, she’s my teacher. I asked her to come over and help me with something.” Xu Jianguo went forward to greet her. Zhang Xiuli looked at An Xiaoxue. As she sized her up, her eyes lit up.

“Let’s go back to the house first.”

However, it was rather messy in the rented apartment because they had to pack up. This made Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli feel awkward.

“Look, we didn’t know you were coming. If we had known that you were coming, we definitely wouldn’t have packed our things. We had to make you a good meal at noon.”

“Auntie, it’s okay. It’s like this when you move. I’ve moved before.”

These words surprised Xu Tui. He had always thought that An Xiaoxue was a little cold. Coupled with her temperament, she looked a little like a fairy who was not interested in the mortal world. He was afraid that his enthusiastic parents would not be used to it.

On the way here, he had even told his parents that this friend of his had a cold personality and would not take much of a conversation. He told them not to take offense.

He did not expect An Xiaoxue to be so eloquent.

Since they were moving, there was no need to talk so much.

“Miss An, my parents have already been targeted by the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Perhaps the mastermind is also monitoring me. Therefore, I would like you to bring my parents back to the capital. Also, the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital has sent a standard combat team to escort you,” Xu Tui said directly.

An Xiaoxue nodded slightly. “No problem. But there are two problems. Where am I supposed to drop your parents? Also, what about you?”

“They’ll stay in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s external reception center first. I’m already buying a house. It should be done in a few days. As for me, don’t worry. I’ll deal with these chores. I might go back with the people from the Special Intelligence Division of the capital,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, be careful!”

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui received a call from an unknown number. It was the standard combat team that Tian Suqing had sent over as security.

The four of them were driving two repulsive-force flying cars.

Tian Suqing must have considered Xu Tui’s motive.

From the perspective of the Special Intelligence Division, Xu Tui had come to Jincheng Prefecture and even invited the standard combat team of the Special Intelligence Division to guard him. It was obvious what Xu Tui wanted to do.

Four repulsive-force flying cars that were rarely seen even in Jincheng Prefecture’s high-end residential area suddenly appeared in an old and dilapidated rental district. The commotion caused could be imagined.@@novelbin@@

The various things that they had experienced in the past half a day had overturned their parents’ understanding of their son. The fact that their son, Xu Tui, could use these flying cars so easily made them understand the seriousness of the situation.

Naturally, they cooperated fully.

An hour later, Xu Tui’s parents boarded An Xiaoxue’s light blue flying car. The two repulsive-force flying cars of the Capital Special Intelligence Division acted as guards, one after the other. They slowly rose into the air and quickly flew away.

Xu Tui waited for the delivery man to arrive. He packed some valuable things that his parents could not bear to part with and sent them to the capital. Then, he handed over his father’s old maglev car, which had been driving for more than ten years, to his uncle to handle.

Although they were not on good terms, his parents still kept the goodies to themselves. These things were not worth much, they were still best left for their own people.

While Xu Tui was dealing with all of this, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, was feeling uneasy on An Xiaoxue’s light blue repulsive force flying car. She finally spoke.

“Xiaoxue, are you a teacher or a friend of our son?”

“I taught Xu Tui a little. I can be considered a teacher, but he is also a friend,” An Xiaoxue, who was driving, replied.

“Yes, your mask… Can you take it off if it’s convenient? We can remember you and recognize you. Otherwise, we might not recognize you when we see you in the future.” Zhang Xiuli’s words made Xu Jianguo a little dissatisfied.

Xu Jianguo, who understood his wife’s thoughts, felt that her reason was far-fetched.

“Auntie, I’m just used to wearing a mask.” As she spoke, An Xiaoxue took off her mask.

Zhang Xiuli was slightly shocked by that exquisite and clean face. Then, she smiled. “Xiaoxue, how old are you?”

“I… should be 25 this year.”

“You’re 25 years old.”

Zhang Xiuli was a little surprised by this answer. She did not expect An Xiaoxue to be 25 years old. This disappointed Zhang Xiuli. She secretly sent a message to Xu Jianguo on her communication device.

“Xiaoxue is actually 25 years old. Improvement is only 19 years. She’s five or six years older than Improvement. Isn’t this age a little too old?”

“What are you guessing about? They’re just friends. Why are you thinking that she’s your daughter-in-law?”

“Have you ever seen an ordinary friend drive 2,000 kilometers just to pick up their parents? Moreover, it’s a girl! Have you forgotten that you ran to my house in the middle of the night to wait for me when I sent you a message back then? Look, isn’t Xiaoxue the same as you back then?”

Zhang Xiuli’s rebuttal rendered Xu Jianguo speechless. That seemed to make sense.

“Isn’t it said that when a girl is three years older than the husband ensures a richer life? When a girl is 5 or 6 years older, she ensures a much richer life. That’s pretty good.” Xu Jianguo was led astray by his wife, Zhang Xiuli.

“That’s true. Older people will dote on others. Improvement will be blessed in the future!”

“Don’t be too happy yet. Maybe she’s really just an ordinary friend. Maybe Xiaoxue has a boyfriend? Maybe she’s married?” Xu Jianguo poured a bucket of cold water on Zhang Xiuli.

“That’s also possible. I’ll ask and make sure.” After thinking about it, Zhang Xiuli suddenly said, “Xiaoxue, you’re so beautiful and you’re a teacher at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There must be a lot of people chasing you, right? You have a boyfriend, right?”

This question made An Xiaoxue feel a little nervous. “Auntie, I’m very busy.” I’m in the laboratory every day.”

An Xiaoxue was too embarrassed to answer directly.

“That’s true. Young people are very busy nowadays. They’re so busy that they’ve forgotten about their marriage. Sigh, I’m also anxious about my family’s Improvement. Now that fertility was encouraged, the children of Improvement’s classmates in middle school and high school could call me Grandma. After I settle down, come over often. I’ll give you some advice!

“Sigh, why don’t you consider our Improvement…”

“You old woman, what are you talking about?” Xu Jianguo, who could not stand it anymore, elbowed Zhang Xiuli. “It’s still unknown if Miss An will take a liking to Improvement.”

An Xiaoxue was speechless. She was a little stunned. Fortunately, she was driving a semi-automatic vehicle. Otherwise, there was a possibility that the flying car would crash into the mountain.

…

In Jincheng Prefecture, Xu Tui looked at his communication device and sent a message to the director of the Capital Special Intelligence Division.

“Director Tian, give me a call when you’re done. There’s something I want to discuss with you.”

Xu Tui had considered and calculated many factors before coming to Jincheng Prefecture. Now that his parents had been taken away by An Xiaoxue, he had nothing to worry about.

Next, he wanted to implement his plan.

He had previously told An Xiaoxue that he would return with the Capital Special Intelligence Division. However, he did not explain one thing. The way he returned with the Capital Special Intelligence Division was different. It was even a little special.

Now that he was out, he had to catch a fish. It was fine if no fish took the bait. Once a fish took the bait, Xu Tui’s School of Radiation Influence ability, which was prepared for them for many days, would be ready.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui received a call from Tian Suqing.

“Researcher Xu, I’m at this address. Come over. We need your help with something. As for the cooperation you mentioned, we can discuss it in person.”