Chapter 383 - I’M Going For A Morning Exercise (1)

Chapter 383: I’m Going for A Morning Exercise (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The rental apartment his parents rented was relatively small. Xu Tui could only sleep on the sofa tonight.

Xu Tui and his mother, Zhang Xiuli, had just helped his drunk father onto the bed when someone knocked on the door.

Before Xu Tui could say anything, Zhang Xiuli went to open the door. The moment Xu Tui’s mind power surged out like a tidal wave, he wanted to stop his mother from opening the door.

Xu Tui suddenly smiled bitterly before he could finish his sentence. Was he being oversensitive?

“Auntie, my water pipe is leaking. I need to wrap some raw materials around it. Lend me your wrench.”

The person who knocked on the door was a young man in his mid-twenties with bright eyes. While his mother, Zhang Xiuli, was looking for a wrench, he looked around the room.

“Auntie, you have a relative here? I didn’t disturb you today, did I?” The young man took the board and asked with a smile.

“No.”

Zhang Xiuli did not mention the awkwardness from before. After all, it was not easy for everyone. The main problem was the house.

“No relatives either. My son is back.”

“Your son is a top student from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Auntie, I won’t disturb you anymore. I’ll go repair the water pipe first. I’ll return the wrench to you tomorrow.” The young man thanked her and left with a smile.

Zhang Xiuli closed the door with a smile.

Xu Tui, who was sitting on the sofa, had a slightly sinister look in his eyes. This young man was a genetic mutant.

Genetic liberators and genetic mutants were both genetic newcomers. However, because of the mutation in the genetic chain, the genetic mutant’s overall physical fitness was about 40 to 50% stronger than that of a genetic liberator.

Ordinary people would not be able to sense such power. It was like two people standing in front of you. One could lift 100 kilograms, while the other could lift 150 kilograms. It was impossible to tell the difference with the naked eye.

However, Xu Tui’s mental perception could detect the slight difference.

He had mutated a total of six genetic ability chains over the past ten days. The genetic ability chain of mental perception was one of them. His mental perception had increased by 30% after his genetic ability chain had succeeded in mutating.

A few days ago, his combat radius had increased to 122 meters after he had cleared the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had undergone a directional mutation of the genetic mutation elixir. After he had mutated his genetic ability chain of mental perception, his maximum combat radius had increased by 30%.

It reached 158 meters. It could be said that there was not much of an increase in the genetic ability after the mutation. It was not even 50%.

However, Xu Tui realized that although the increase in the radius of his mental perception was relatively small, his senses were even more sensitive. He could vaguely sense even more subtle sensations, auras, and even breathing.

Under such circumstances, others could not tell.

However, Xu Tui could sense that the young man before him was definitely a genetic mutant. The overall aura of a genetic mutant was completely different from that of an ordinary genetic liberator.

It was like a 100-kilogram weightlifter and a 150-kilogram weightlifter. It was not obvious when they were wearing clothes, but when they took off their shirts, their muscles were definitely different.

This was interesting. A genetic mutant had become his parents’ neighbor. This probability was still possible. However, there was a problem with renting a very cheap old neighborhood.

It was relatively easy for genetic mutants, no matter how lousy they were, to find a good job. It was not a problem for him to earn more than 10,000 yuan a month. Of course, it was also possible for him to rent a house every month to save money.

However, Xu Tui did not want to test the odds.

With a thought, his mental perception surged into the room above his head. Although the floor, including the steel bars, would weaken his mental perception, this weakening was nothing to his current mental perception.

In order to prevent alerting the enemy, Xu Tui only used his blurry mental perception. Then, he slowly increased his perception.

However, the young man did not notice anything.

Extreme Branch!

Xu Tui scanned the entire room with his mental perception, but he did not discover any leaks. The wrench that he had just borrowed was useless.

The young man was scribbling on his communication device.

Xu Tui boldly leaned over with his mental perception.

“An unexpected situation has been discovered. The target’s son, Xu Tui, has returned home.”

Xu Tui, who was sitting on the sofa, suddenly smiled when he saw those words.

“Mom, I’ll go upstairs and help take a look. I don’t want his room to leak and flood our house.”

Zhang Xiuli, who was still cleaning the dishes in the kitchen, replied, “Yes, that’s true. Come back quickly.”

“Yes, I think he’s also a young man. I’ll chat with him along the way. Don’t be anxious.”

On the second floor, Xu Tui knocked on the door.

The young man, who had borrowed the wrench earlier, saw that it was Xu Tui. He was very surprised. “Your water pipe leaked. I came to see if you needed help.”

“Ah… I’ve already fixed the water pipe.” The young man was stunned for a moment. He quickly said, “I’ll get you the wrench.”@@novelbin@@

“Alright.”

The young man turned around and Xu Tui followed him in.

The young man was also very alert. When he noticed that Xu Tui had followed him into the room, he turned around and was about to say something. However, the moment he turned around, he saw Xu Tui snapping his fingers at him.

A warm mental fluctuation brushed past the young man like a spring breeze. The young man slowly closed his eyes and stood rooted to the ground.