Chapter 387 - The Face Of Jincheng Prefecture’S

Chapter 387: The Face of Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division Is Swollen! (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s mental perception was very strong. He could wake up immediately if there was any movement around him. He happened to hear his parents’ conversation. He turned over and buried his twisted face under the blanket.

Fortunately, his father, Xu Jianguo, did not know that this was a side effect of him being relaxed by his son’s spiritual radiation. If he knew, the kitchen knife at home would probably fly for a while!

“Be gentle. Don’t wake him up.”

“Go, go and mince the meat outside the door. The kitchen is too close to the sofa. Don’t disturb him.”

…

The old couple carefully prepared breakfast. They did all sorts of things to prevent Xu Tui from waking up. Xu Tui felt warm when he heard that.

Time seemed to have returned to his high school days. Although the environment had changed, their home was still the same!

At seven o’clock, Xu Tui stretched his body and got out of bed. It also allowed the old couple to finally heave a sigh of relief. They no longer had to carefully cook.

“Come, Improvement. It’s time to eat.”

“Look, these are the buns that your mother made for you. They are pork and onion stuffing and beef and celery stuffing.” Xu Jianguo, who was wearing an apron, finally got rid of the awkwardness after breakfast. You can’t leave out the vegetables either. This is mixed vegetables.

“Here, milk. The eggs are ready too. This is a small dish with raw soy sauce and vinegar.”

The familiar scene and the familiar breakfast suddenly gave Xu Tui an inexplicable sense of satisfaction.

“Mom, Dad, you guys eat too. While you eat, look at something.”

A minute later, Xu Jianguo was stunned.

Zhang Xiuli placed her hand on her forehead and looked at Xu Tui. She then looked at the image projected by Xu Tui. “Improvement, why is your balance so… So much zero. This should be… 4 million?”

“Dad, Mom, you counted correctly.”

It could be seen that the two elders had already seen that Xu Tui had a balance of 40 million in his personal account. However, they found it a little unbelievable.

Hearing this, Xu Jianguo’s expression suddenly became serious. “Improvement, tell me, what did you do? If you do anything illegal, tell me and we’ll discuss it. Or I can help you take the blame. It’s fine!”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Dad, what are you thinking!”

Xu Tui felt like he was about to vomit blood. Why did he not believe that he had earned it with his own abilities? Of course, from a normal person’s point of view, it was indeed a little too much for a student to obtain this amount in half a year.

“Dad, I really earned this through research. However, I’ve run into trouble with this research. Listen to this recording first.”

Xu Tui had considered many things before he came. Considering that his parents might not be able to leave their homeland, Xu Tui finally decided to go straight to the point. He would go straight for their vitals.

His parents’ weakness was Xu Tui!@@novelbin@@

As expected, Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli’s expressions changed after listening to the recording.

“This person is from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization? They were planning to capture us? They want to use us to threaten you and get the research results handed over to the country?”

Xu Jianguo’s knowledge was not bad. He immediately deduced most of it.

“That’s right. When the time comes, they might not only be after my research results, but they might also be after me,” Xu Tui said seriously.

“Using us as a threat to get you to join the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization and work for them?” Xu Jianguo nodded slightly. “That’s a possibility.”

Zhang Xiuli was already panicking. “Then let’s quickly call the police and get the government to protect us.”

“The person upstairs is from the Special Intelligence Division to protect you. However, his abilities are limited.”

Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli were tongue-tied. After a while, Xu Jianguo said, “Improvement, since you’ve told us this, you should have a solution, right? Tell us what you want to do!”

“Dad, Mom, Jincheng Prefecture is a little more remote. If someone deliberately targets it, its safety will be a little worse. Move to the capital with me. The security of the capital was definitely top-notch. I’ll be at ease if you guys stay in the capital,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Zhang Xiuli looked troubled. “But how are we going to live when we reach the capital? It’s too hard on you if we rely on you…”

“Mom, don’t forget the balance I showed you just now. It’s more than 4 million yuan. How much can you eat and drink? Also, you can find a job in the capital.”

…

Half an hour later, the head of the family, Xu Jianguo, made a decision.

“In that case, we’ll listen to Improvement. Although it’s difficult for us to find a job when we’re old, it’s not a problem for us to work hard and find a job again.”

This was one of the few moments in the family where Xu Jianguo, the comrade in charge of the family’s affairs, made the decision.

It was not a big deal for a small family!

Xu Tui had already arranged to move out this afternoon. He had brought along some of his family’s belongings as a memento. He intended to throw away the rest.

However, the old couple could not bear to throw it away. They picked some valuable items and sent them to the capital. After that, the old couple still had some work to do, such as medical insurance, pension insurance, and so on. Xu Tui accompanied them the entire time.

Just as Xu Tui’s family made a major decision to leave Jincheng Prefecture,

Zhou Sheng, the director of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division, arrived at the office at eight in the morning. Comparatively, he was more diligent.