Chapter 384 - I’M Going Out For My Morning Exercise (2)

kan

Chapter 384: I’m Going Out For My Morning Exercise (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

This is the ability of the School of Radiation Influence, Advanced Hypnosis. If one’s mind power was stronger than the target’s to a certain extent, they could use their mind power to hypnotize the other party. If the target’s mind power was about the same or if the target had a mind power domain, the success rate of hypnosis would be greatly reduced.

However, if it was used well, it could still affect the target’s actions to a certain extent.

The genetic mutant in front of him was hypnotized by Xu Tui’s powerful mind power.

“You can tell me now, gently. Which organization do you belong to?” Xu Tui asked directly after the target was hypnotized.

The ability of the School of Radiation Influence was extremely effective in these aspects.

“I belong to…”

Just as he said that, the genetic mutant perked up and suddenly showed signs of waking up.

Xu Tui understood that he had undergone professional anti-hypnosis training. If it was an ordinary person, they would have stopped. Even if Xu Tui had not learned all the skills of the School of Radiation Influence, he had learned most of the advanced hypnosis-related skills.

Xu Tui swept the young man into his own mind power domain. On the other hand, his mind power domain had already activated spiritual radiation through the adjustment of his mind power magnetic field.

Xu Tui’s spiritual radiation transmitted a sense of spiritual trust and stability to the mutant. He used the spiritual radiation to make the mutant believe that Xu Tui was one of them.

“I… belong to… the Third Special Operations Unit of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division…”

Xu Tui, who had received the preliminary answer, was stunned. A special agent sent by the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division to protect his parents?

Fortunately, Xu Tui had only hypnotized him. He did not use any other methods, so it did not affect him much. He took the opportunity to ask a few key questions before he retracted his mind power domain and allowed the young man to wake up naturally.

The young man looked at Xu Tui in shock. He seemed to have had a dream just now. The situation in the dream was very strange. He seemed to have said something, but he could not remember what it was.

Xu Tui did not waste his breath. He immediately revealed his identity.

“I am Xu Tui. The Special Intelligence Division of the Capital said that you are a special agent sent by Jincheng Prefecture to protect my parents. You have worked hard during this period of time.”

Wang Ning was stunned. He looked at Xu Tui in shock. His identity was exposed just like that? However, this could not be considered exposed if the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital informed him.

Based on the key questions that Wang Ning had answered during the hypnosis just now, the protection that the Jincheng Prefecture Special Intelligence Division had for Xu Tui’s parents had probably started after Xu Tui’s research had discovered the passive genetic chain of his reaction speed.

It has been about two months now. There were a total of two special agents taking turns to carry out covert security.

Xu Tui was very touched by this. His impression of the Special Intelligence Division changed slightly.

“Have you noticed anything unusual around my parents recently?” Xu Tui started talking to Wang Ning after he revealed his identity.

“Everything is normal. There are no abnormalities for the time being,” Wang Ning said.@@novelbin@@

“My mother said that the neighbors have been changing quite frequently recently. Have you checked the two young people who work in the car dealership opposite them?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve checked. Everything is normal.”

“Can an ordinary young man working in a car dealership have a special flying license?” Xu Tui asked.

“Oh, that time when the repulsive flying car appeared. We’ve checked. It was when the senior engineer of their car dealership picked them up for a meal,” Wang Ning said.

“Have you checked the senior engineer?”

“It was a coincidence. I’ve checked. He’s been working in that car dealership for four years. He can be considered a high-level blue-collar worker with a clean record.”

“Yes, thank you for your hard work!”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui returned home with a wrench. His mother, Zhang Xiuli, had a busy day at work. After informing him, she went to rest.

Xu Tui lay on the sofa, but his mind power slowly seeped through the door opposite him. The two young men who worked in the car dealership had gone to bed. He scanned the area with his mind power and did not find anything unusual. He thought about it and decided to try out the spiritual resonance that he had just learned.

He wanted to try it out.

It was so that he could use it on the real target when he returned and obtained information.

Xu Tui’s mind power magnetic field carefully sensed the mental fluctuations of the two sleeping youths. Then, he slowly allowed his mind power magnetic field to match the mind power magnetic field fluctuations of the two sleeping youths.

Spiritual resonance!

In an instant, some of the mental states of the two youths appeared on Xu Tui’s mind power magnetic field like a movie.

Joy, happiness, anger, dissatisfaction.

Xu Tui filtered out these things. He wanted to obtain their subconscious memories through spiritual resonance. The subconscious memories of humans would not lie.

Xu Tui experienced the subconscious memories of the two young men as if he was experiencing a movie. There were even scenes of people practicing their hand speed in love action movies. They all looked normal.

Xu Tui suddenly frowned.

“I helped you take a look. This house is of the right size. The key is that the rent is very cheap. I can often pick you up from work on the way. It couldn’t be better if you rented this place.”

“Brother Qian, are you picking us up with the repulsive-force flying car?”

“Dream on. If the opportunity is right, I’ll naturally drive the repulsive force flying car to pick you up. However, I can only use the maglev car usually.”

The two young men looked around the room. They did not seem too happy. The neighborhood was too old and dilapidated.

Qian’s voice sounded again.

“To be honest, my cousin, whom you met at dinner last time, also rented a room in this building. She even brought her other beautiful colleague along. The house has already been booked. They will probably move over during this period of time.”

…

Xu Tui frowned slightly.

In his subconscious memory, this senior engineer with the surname Qian was too good at guiding these two youths. There was something wrong with this senior engineer surnamed Qian.

“Ah Huang, check this address.”

In less than a minute, Ah Huang found the exact location. It was not far. It was still very close to this neighborhood. It was less than two kilometers away. It was quite close to the parking lot where Xu Tui had parked the repulsive force flying car.

According to Ah Huang’s data, Engineer Qian did not live here in the past. He had only moved to the vicinity two months ago. The time was after Xu Tui’s parents moved over.

That was very suspicious.

Xu Tui expanded his mind power once again. He used the spiritual radiation to slightly affect his sleeping parents so that they could have a good night’s sleep and sleep until dawn. As for the problem of not being able to wake up in the middle of the night or even wet his bed if he slept too deeply, Xu Tui did not consider it.

That was a battle between his parents! He had been scolded by his father for wetting his bed when he was young.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui quietly opened the door and left.

The moment he opened the door and left, Xu Tui sensed that Wang Ning, the special agent on duty upstairs, had already sat up when he heard the sound of the door opening. He was listening quietly.

Xu Tui smiled. He was quite responsible.

“I’m going out for my morning exercise.”

Xu Tui used the contact number he had just added to send a message to Wang Ning.

Wang Ning, who received the message, was dumbfounded. It was just 12 p.m. at midnight. What the hell was he doing out for morning exercise? Was this the style of a student from a top university like the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College? He went out for morning exercise at midnight every day?

If that was the case, there must be a reason why the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were so strong after they graduated.

He went out for morning exercise at midnight! Impressive!

Of course, since he had discovered the abnormality, Xu Tui had made some arrangements for his long absence. There were at least four simulation machines in the simulation machine warehouse that were already on alert under Ah Huang’s control. They would immediately inform Xu Tui if there were any abnormalities.

Xu Tui’s genetic mutation had only occurred recently. It had not even been half a month. However, in less than half a month, he felt that his physical fitness was improving every day.

Xu Tui ran two kilometers at a speed of 100 meters per second. He was not even panting when he arrived in front of Engineer Qian’s residential area. Of course, this was also related to the genetic base points that he had been strengthening during this period of time.

Two minutes later, he leaped over the wall and arrived at his target building. His mind power transformed into an invisible hand that opened the unit’s door lock. He arrived at the door of Engineer Qian.

This time, Xu Tui did not open the door roughly. Instead, he used his mind power to check the situation.

A cold light flashed in the corner of Xu Tui’s eyes the moment he sent his mind power in.

There was indeed something wrong with this Engineer Qian!