Chapter 395 - The War Of Genetic Miracles

Chapter 395: The War of Genetic Miracles

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Lu Guanqing had many residences in the capital. His home was in the villa area of the Jade Water Manor, but it was located in a slightly remote area. Lu Guanqing’s wife and children lived there, but Lu Guanqing did not go back often.

He would stay for two days on weekends.

Other than that, Ah Huang found out that Lu Guanqing would regularly go to two other high-end residential areas to rest every Tuesday and Thursday, Monday and Wednesday.

These two high-end residences had different mistresses. They should be Lu Guanqing’s lovers.

Today was Wednesday. Lu Guanqing left the Genetic Research Institute at 6.30 p.m. and arrived at the community of Landscape Garden at 7 p.m.

Don’t ask Xu Tui how he managed to track them down. He had the assistance of a high-level artificial intelligence super quantum computer in the capital city, where information surveillance was extremely advanced. He did not even need to use a bionic machine to know where Lu Guanqing was outside.

The cameras that were everywhere were Xu Tui’s eyes.

Xu Tui, who was wearing a fisherman’s hat, swaggered into the neighborhood through the main entrance. The moment he entered, the camera near the door flashed for a moment. The three security guards on duty at the entrance of the district revealed an inexplicable expression. They did not notice Xu Tui’s entrance at all.

Xu Tui had only used his spiritual radiation ability to affect them at that moment, causing them to subconsciously recall some beautiful memories and distract them. The advantage of the spiritual radiation was that even if a master of the radiation-type came over in the future, he would not be able to find any abnormalities on the three security guards.

Lu Guanqing’s residence in this district was a 28-story high-rise residence. Lu Guanqing lived on the 26th floor.

Xu Tui tried his best to walk around the building while leaning against the wall. He spread his mental perception and found Lu Guanqing. He was using his blurry perception.

Lu Guanqing’s floor had already exceeded the range of Xu Tui’s accurate perception. Moreover, even if he could, Xu Tui did not dare to use his accurate perception to sense Lu Guanqing. The possibility of him being discovered was too high.

Lu Guanqing was a water-type supernatural being. He had been stuck at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm for ten years. The official information was that he had not broken through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Xu Tui analyzed that he had not broken through either. If Lu Guanqing broke through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm, his authority in the Genetic Research Institute or even the Huaxia Genetic Committee would increase.

However, a water-type supernatural being who had been stuck at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm for ten years was still very terrifying.

Xu Tui had to be extremely careful. Then, he began to look for a suitable location. He walked around the building and found an empty room on the 27th floor of the unit next to Lu Guanqing. It had been renovated, but there was a thick layer of dust on the furniture and floor. It should have been uninhabited for a long time.

Xu Tui walked up slowly and arrived at the 27th floor. He used his mind power to unlock the door and entered the room. He did not do anything too complicated.

The two worm-like robots that were only the size of a grain of rice crawled along the outer wall to the 26th floor where Lu Guanqing was. They would eventually crawl into the room through the smoke pipe or ventilation windows.

He also released four bionic mosquito robots that stuck to the edge of the window and merged with the darkness.

Half an hour later, all the bionic robots entered their designated locations. After Xu Tui confirmed that there were no problems with the image transmission, he went to another residence that Lu Guanqing might visit. He made the same arrangements.

The next step was to observe and prepare.

There was no doubt that Lu Guanqing, as the vice chairman of the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute, enjoyed a higher security level than Xu Tui.

The only thing Xu Tui was glad about was that the Special Intelligence Division rarely sent out special agents to protect the important personnel in the capital. Moreover, in most cases, a person like Lu Guanqing would not accept close-range security. Otherwise, where would he get his privacy?

Only when they left the capital would they accept the security of the Special Intelligence Division to a certain extent.

Xu Tui went back at night to train. He would occasionally look at the videos that were transmitted to him.

It had to be said that Lu Guanqing really knew how to enjoy life.

The lover he kept in this building first washed Lu Guanqing’s feet with hot water after dinner. Then, she gave Lu Guanqing a full-body VIP service. The massage technique of essential oil was really good.

Lu Guanqing enjoyed it. He was being served very well. It could be seen that Lu Guanqing was not with this mistress purely for sex. Here, he was the boss. He was being served.

Of course, some indescribable scenes happened in the end.

Xu Tui did not look at them much because these indescribable scenes were meaningless to his next actions. Of course, the most important reason was that Xu Tui did not dare to watch. If he continued to watch, he would become restless.

The next morning, Xu Tui was still in Research Institute No. 14 conducting genetic mutation.

Currently, he has used a genetic mutation elixir to mutate an ability. Due to the strong magnetic siphon absorption effect, he needed more than seven bottles of genetic mutation elixir. Basically, he could only mutate one ability every two to three days.

Moreover, the cost was astonishing!

An Xiaoxue had already used up all 50 bottles of genetic mutation elixir.

Xu Tui had already purchased the genetic mutation elixir. The price of a bottle of genetic mutation medicine was as high as 100,000 dollars! With his level as a student at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he could apply for a bottle of genetic mutation elixir a week if he applied directly.

However, it was not worth mentioning compared to his current consumption.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had already started buying the genetic mutation elixir himself. Then, he used an instrument in the Research Institute Number 14 to fuse his biological genetic information to increase the effectiveness of the medicine.

It costs 500 thousand a day. A Level D individual rights could enjoy a 15% discount. Even so, it still costs 425 thousand a day.

Xu Tui’s only relief was that the genetic mutation elixir would only be used for a period of time. If he used it every day, he might never be able to realize his dream of becoming a tycoon. At the same time, he also understood why all the teachers had emphasized that he should not activate too many Genetic Ability Chains. He had to form a system.

The consequence of activating too many like Xu Tui was that the consumption of energy during the mutation was too shocking. But at least, there were potions that could be used during genetic mutations.

When he reached the Genetic Evolution Realm, he could only rely on himself to break through. The more genetic abilities he unlocked, the greater the consumption and difficulty of breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

It was the same for the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Xu Tui felt that he had to consider controlling the number of genetic ability chains.

“Miss An, can our laboratory prepare a permeable fast-acting anesthetic?” Xu Tui went directly to An Xiaoxue’s research hall after he was done cultivating.

“Permeable? Through what channels? Viscous membrane? Skin?” An Xiaoxue looked up.

“Skin. It has to be tasteless. It can be slightly less colorless, but it has to be effective quickly.”

“How quickly?”

“Anywhere from one to three minutes,” Xu Tui said.

“Sure. The materials and craftsmanship are more complicated, but they can still be prepared. Ah Huang can do most of the work.” At this point, An Xiaoxue paused. “But you need to tell me why you need this. This was a strictly controlled drug. Preparing it privately is illegal.”

After saying that, An Xiaoxue added, “Of course, if you have a valid reason, the laboratory can still help you prepare it for your experiments.”

“I want to use this method to knock out a genetic evolver, a supernatural-type. Then, under the condition of anesthesia, I want to ask some key questions through advanced hypnosis.”

“Is it important?”

“It’s very important! It’s related to the mastermind who dealt with me!”

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui in surprise when she heard that. She remained silent. She seemed to be thinking, but she also seemed to be communicating.

Xu Tui suddenly came to a realization.

“Ah Huang, if you f*cking dare to say it, I will definitely not let you off this time. I don’t want to implicate Miss An!” Xu Tui shouted at the screen.

Ah Huang’s aggrieved voice sounded, “I… I can’t refuse.”

“In the face of management rights, Ah Huang, this advanced artificial intelligence, has no chance of rejecting me.” An Xiaoxue explained on Ah Huang’s behalf. Suddenly, she sighed. “I can’t believe it might be him. I didn’t expect him to be so crazy for the sake of the abnormal load of mind power.

“Can’t we report to the Special Intelligence Division to control him and interrogate him using special methods?” An Xiaoxue asked.

Xu Tui shook his head when he heard that.

“The behavior of Lu Guanqing that I found out is related to the Purifier Officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. I only deduced it based on Ning Yize’s memories.”

“Then let the Special Intelligence Division interrogate Ning Yize. They can also analyze the situation.”

“However, a lot of the key information is what I saw from the subconscious memory fragments from a bystander’s point of view after hypnotizing Ning Yize. That was all that I saw, Ning Yize and the relevant personnel could not confess. Moreover, with his status, even if the Special Intelligence Division suspects something, they would not dare to act rashly,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue nodded. “That’s true! His identity is indeed extraordinary. He is also involved with the extraterrestrial forces. The Special Intelligence Division would not dare to touch him without concrete evidence.”

After pondering for a moment, An Xiaoxue suddenly asked, “Have you thought it through and made a decision? If you are exposed, you might face jail time.”

“I’ve made a deduction. There is a possibility of failure, but the possibility of being exposed is not high,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue nodded slightly. “An anesthetic that can be effective against Genetic Evolution Realms, and one that is permeable. There are special requirements. I’ll purchase supplies in batches. It will take about three days to prepare them.”

“No problem.”

“I want to participate too,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

“This… is not good. It’s better for me to do it alone. If something really happens, you can help me, Miss An,” Xu Tui refused.

“I have to participate. Dealing with Lu Guanqing and the mastermind is already a war of our Genetic Miracle. Moreover, by participating, I can reduce the possibility of failure or exposure to the greatest extent,” An Xiaoxue insisted.

Xu Tui could only agree to this. Then, he waited for An Xiaoxue to prepare the relevant medicine.

Xu Tui had never intended to confront Lu Guanqing head-on.