Chapter 390 - Purifier Officer

Chapter 390: Purifier Officer

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui met Tian Suqing in the basement of a building in the downtown area of Jincheng Prefecture. He realized that the design of the place was very ingenious.

The entrance of the underground building happened to be in the underground parking lot. There were repulsive-force flying cars and all kinds of maglev flying cars. Due to the underground parking lot, they were not eye-catching at all.

Xu Tui had a guess. This place was probably related to the Special Intelligence Division.

After passing through layers of cleverly designed doors, he arrived at the underground hall and saw many familiar faces.

Tian Suqing.

Also… Zhou Sheng, the director of the Jincheng Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division.

Zhou Sheng had a complicated expression when he saw Xu Tui.

“Director Tian, if you need any help, just tell me,” Xu Tui greeted her and went straight to the point.

“You were the one who discovered the clue first. Let me tell you the results first. This time, thanks to your discovery, we secretly obtained a Level D spy from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

“Following the clues, we captured a Level C intelligence officer and seven Level E intelligence officers who were related to the Level D intelligence officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

“We also managed to capture the 11 peripheral intelligence agents that they had already successfully developed. It can be said that the results were huge,” Tian Suqing said.

“Then I’ll congratulate Director Tian first.”

Hearing this, the corner of Zhou Sheng’s mouth could not help but twitch. Zhou Sheng felt that Xu Tui had deliberately congratulated her. He deliberately sprinkled salt on his wound.

However, what Zhou Sheng did not know was that Xu Tui did not really care about his feelings.

“I have to congratulate you as well. According to the rules of our Special Intelligence Division, the information you, a special expert, discovered gave us the basis for the operation. You also captured Qian Gui without anyone noticing and obtained a first-hand statement, which bought us precious time to act. According to the rules, you will be the main contributor!” Tian Suqing said.

“Director Tian, you talk too much. It looks like you’re not in a hurry to get me to do something,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Who said that? It’s very urgent! The Level C intelligence officer we captured from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization is the leader of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization around Jincheng Prefecture.

“After a surprise interrogation, we discovered that the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization had unknowingly established a temporary base deep in the Qinling Mountains 800 kilometers east of Jincheng Prefecture.

“It was their important base of operations in the northwest region. The reason why they were able to successfully retreat from the attack on the students in June was because they had this temporary base as their logistics.

“At ten o’clock this morning, we attacked the temporary base of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in the Qinling Mountains. Unfortunately, the safety verification between the high-ranking members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization was carried out daily.

“They had to confirm it every day!

“By the time we arrived at the Qinling Base of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, the base had already turned into a sea of fire. The personnel had also been evacuated. We, who were a step too late, could only spread out and search the area within 500 kilometers of their temporary base.

“We did not have much hope. However, we did not expect to catch a big fish with a casual net.

“According to the comprehensive intelligence analysis, the big fish we caught is most likely the Purifier Officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.”

“Purifier officer?”

This was the first time Xu Tui had heard this term. He was a little confused.

“Time is of the essence. Let’s cut to the chase. The selection of internal members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization is extremely strict. This was especially so when the outer members were promoted to Level E intelligence personnel or when the internal intelligence personnel were promoted. They had to go through the process with the Purifier Officer.

“The ability of a Purifier Officer was actually related to hypnosis. He could confirm if the target was a spy from another organization or had other motives through harmless high-level hypnosis or even spiritual radiation. Such people were called Purifier Officers.

“There were not many Purifier Officers in the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, but every one of them was extremely important. They held many positions and gave the intelligence dispatcher such positions.

“Therefore, if we can take down this Purifier Officer, it will be of great significance in destroying the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization’s intelligence organization in the country. It’s very likely that we will uproot the intelligence agents of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in many areas,” Tian Suqing said.

“Haven’t we already captured him?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Yes, but we can’t pry his mouth open.”

Xu Tui immediately understood what Tian Suqing meant. “The Special Intelligence Division can’t pry open his mouth even with the help of drugs? Then there’s nothing I can do. Is there really something that your Special Intelligence Division can’t pry open?”

The first two sentences were answers, but the second was a question. With the current technology, there was no mouth that the Special Intelligence Division could not pry open.

“In theory, we can pry open his mouth. However, we need an old expert who has been studying hypnosis for decades to cooperate with the medicine and special equipment to obtain the information we want.

“However, the equipment was in the capital and could not be transported over. The old expert was currently on a mission in the Black Dragon Prefecture. He had already received our urgent request and was on his way here. But it would take at least five hours to arrive.

“Five hours was too long. The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization’s temporary base in the Qinling Mountains had been wiped out by us. It would probably take less than a few hours to confirm the safety of the relevant personnel.

“If they could not confirm this person’s safety, they would probably immediately make a large-scale adjustment based on this person’s level. At that time, it will be too late even if we get the information,” Tian Suqing said.

“But none of your professionals can. I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do.”

“We are making a Hail Mary effort. Xu Tui, I’ve just checked your records in the School of Radiation Influence. You’ve already come into contact with spiritual resonance. Have you learned it?” Tian Suqing asked.

This question made Xu Tui hesitate. No matter what, it was a little shocking that he had learned the advanced hypnosis, spiritual radiation, and spiritual resonance abilities in less than half a month.

“Don’t have any qualms. Your Genetic Miracle has always been the place where miracles are born. This time, if you could pry open this person’s mouth, it was very likely that we would deal a heavy blow to the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization’s strength in the Huaxia Sector.

“It will leave them breathless for years. If you succeed, the probability of incidents, such as you being attacked on your way to school this year, will be very small,” Tian Suqing said.

It had to be said that Tian Suqing had a sharp eye. Her words accurately pointed out Xu Tui’s emotional weakness.

Xu Tui was willing to contribute as long as he could deal a heavy blow to the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in the Huaxia Sector. It was unforgivable for the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization to target his parents.

“I just learned it. I don’t know if it will work,” Xu Tui replied.

“As long as you know how to do it. The experts from the Interrogation Department that I brought along this time only knew advanced hypnosis and spiritual radiation, they had never learned spiritual resonance. If we can cooperate with spiritual resonance and our medicine, it is indeed possible to pry open the mouth of this Purifier Officer.”@@novelbin@@

A minute later, Tian Suqing brought Xu Tui to another quiet room.

In the quiet room, a middle-aged man was unconscious. He was covered in blood and had been injured. Other than a few special agents, another middle-aged special agent was sitting there cross-legged. There were faint mental fluctuations emanating from his body.

“Help me and use your spiritual resonance to lower his mental vigilance and eliminate his uneasiness and the self-protection brought about by the previous battle. I had hypnotized him, but his counter-interrogation training prevented us from getting any information out of him. We need to further break through his mental defenses to obtain information,” the interrogation expert said.

“Okay!

Xu Tui quickly agreed to the request.

He immediately sat down as well. His mind power magnetic field was like a warm spring breeze that enveloped the Purifier Officer. Then, he sensed the Purifier Officer’s mental frequency and tried his best to adjust the aura of his mind power magnetic field to be the same as the Purifier Officer. It eliminated the Purifier Officer’s uneasiness and mental self-protection state.

Spiritual resonance!

“Truth Elixir, double!”

The interrogator sensed the change in the target’s mental state and immediately gave the order. Then, the fluctuations of his mind power spread out from the interrogator. He must have used advanced hypnosis and spiritual radiation.

“Now, you can tell me your name or code name so that I can confirm your identity,” the interrogation expert asked carefully.

“My code name is Hand Sanitizer.”

“Mr. Hand Sanitizer, how many Purifier Officers are there?”

“There are three of them.”

“What are their code names?”

“Shower Gel, Detergent.”

“Can you tell us their true identities?”

“The true identity of the Detergent is…”

The Purifier Officer, whose code name was Hand Sanitizer, suddenly became extremely nervous. It was as if a blooming lotus flower had suddenly closed. He instantly fell into a sealed state.

The interrogation expert was anxious and asked a few questions. There was no response from the Purifier Officer.

“The questions you asked are too central! They must have undergone professional anti-hypnosis and anti-interrogation training for such extremely central questions.” Tian Suqing concluded and did not have any intention of criticizing. “Try again. Start over. Next time, change the direction of your questions. I’ll write the outline for you with a pen and paper.”

Xu Tui cooperated with the interrogator again. However, after the incident with the Hand Sanitizer Purifier Officer, his mental self-protection had increased by a huge level.

He tried three times in a row but failed!

“Almost! I feel like I was so close to making him speak again.” The interrogation expert looked depressed.

Tian Suqing looked at the interrogator and Xu Tui. She knew the situation of her interrogator very well.

However, Xu Tui still had the possibility of changing.

“Researcher Xu, your spiritual resonance shouldn’t have mutated yet, right?” Tian Suqing asked.

“Not yet.”

“Then how about you mutate it on the spot? There are a total of eight genetic base points in your spiritual resonance. You only need two to four hours to complete the mutation. Let’s see if you can make him relent again after your spiritual resonance ability has improved.” Tian Suqing looked at Xu Tui eagerly.

“Sure, but I don’t have any genetic mutation directional medicine,” Xu Tui said.

“There will be one soon! Director Zhou, I want 10 bottles of Genetic Mutation Elixirs of laboratory grade within 10 minutes. That’s an order!”

“Roger that!”

Just seven minutes later, Zhou Sheng delivered 10 bottles of laboratory-grade Genetic Mutation Elixirs.

Tian Suqing handed the entire bottle of Genetic Mutation Elixir to Xu Tui.

“Researcher Xu, we will guard you while you mutate on the spot. But I only have one request! Do it quickly! You had to be fast! It had been two hours and 41 minutes since we captured this Purifier Officer alive.

“Based on our understanding of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, their non-communication non-timing security confirmation cycle could reach a maximum of six hours per cycle.

“Three hours! I hope you can complete this mutation within three hours!” Tian Suqing said.

“I’ll try.”

“Please!”

When Xu Tui took the medicine box, Tian Suqing actually bowed to Xu Tui. This shocked Xu Tui.