Chapter 399 - Unbearable Weight

Chapter 399: Unbearable Weight

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Lu Guanqing had been arrested.

This was explosive news!

Early the next morning, when Xu Tui went to the Genetic Research Institute to carry out his daily genetic mutation, he saw that the Genetic Research Institute had undertaken martial law. The security forces temporarily took over the defense of the Genetic Research Institute.

This was a very rare situation in the capital. However, the Vice-Chairman of the Genetic Research Institute was a spy. If one were to take this matter seriously, the impact would be unimaginable!

Who knew how much information Lu Guanqing had sent out?

At least one-third of the latest scientific research results in the Huaxia Sector were completed in the Genetic Research Institute. Although most of them were related to civilian and genetic cultivation, the consequences of some key information being leaked were immeasurable.

Therefore, they had to investigate thoroughly.

Of course, most people were still confused, not knowing what had happened. Even if Lu Guanqing really became a spy, this news would not be announced to the public for a long time.

After verifying his identity and entering the Research Institute Number 14, Xu Tui realized that Li Yuenan had been taken away.

This woman who had once seduced Xu Tui and had her breasts blown out by Ah Huang was also related to Lu Guanqing. She had also stayed in Lu Guanqing’s Research Institute No. 29 and had a close relationship with him.

She was also a key target for review.

It was foreseeable that even if Li Yuenan was not involved in Lu Guanqing’s spy case, it would be impossible for her to return to the Research Institute Number 14. It was impossible for her to return to the Genetic Research Institute, let alone the Research Institute Number 14.

An extremely sensitive scientific research institution like this would often resort to a strategy of killing the wrong person rather than letting them off when it came to safety issues. Even if there were no problems, they would not be rehired.

It would be best if it was a transfer!

Other than that, there were two Special Intelligence Division investigators in the Research Institute Number 14 talking to An Xiaoxue.

The main content of the conversation was about Li Yuenan’s various movements and whether she could come into contact with the scientific research materials of the Research Institute Number 14.

Xu Tui also had such conversations.

Early in the morning, he received a notice from Tian Suqing asking him to go to the Special Intelligence Division to replenish his information.

To outsiders, it was called a statement. To the people involved in the internal operations, it was called supplementary information.

However, Xu Tui postponed it all the way into the afternoon. He did not want the rhythm of his life to be broken.

It was still five bottles of genetic mutation medicine. It took two and a half hours. Every morning, no change.

Xu Tui planned to mutate one more ability before he left for the extra-terrestrial. Yet the speed of the mutation was getting slower. It took two to three days for an ability to mutate successfully.

However, the improvement was very obvious. This was especially so after the genetic mutation. It was very significant to Xu Tui’s physical foundation as it continued to improve.

Before he underwent the genetic mutation, Xu Tui activated a portion of the physical fitness genetic base points. He jogged forward at a speed of nine kilometers per hour while carrying a weight of 50 kilograms. He reached his limit in three hours at most.

However, he had not activated any physical fitness genetic base points in the past month after he underwent the genetic mutation. However, his physical strength had been continuously increasing.

The latest test result was that he could still hold on for four hours while carrying a weight of 50 kilograms and traveling at 12 kilometers per hour. He could still persist after he consumed the Energy Restoration Elixir. With a weight of 70 kilograms, he could run 50 kilometers at a speed of 12 kilometers per hour.

Xu Tui would only feel the strain if he traveled at a speed of 12 kilometers per hour when his load reached 100 kilograms. His physical strength, power, speed, and even vision had been enhanced to a certain extent. Moreover, the enhancement was still ongoing.

According to his past practice, Xu Tui should continue cultivating the Spiral Force after the genetic mutation is completed every day. He should also try to gain a basic understanding of the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

This was Xu Tui’s current cultivation course. He had chosen the basics of the Thousand Miles Sword Technique. Originally, he had majored in the Dimensional Explosion that An Xiaoxue cultivated. However, the Dimensional Explosion had a prerequisite, which was the Heart Eye in the Heart Sword Heart Eye. Moreover, cultivating the Dimensional Explosion required a batch of precious extraterrestrial materials.@@novelbin@@

For the time being, he could only cultivate the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

The entry-level of Heart Sword Heart Eye was actually one of the earliest elementary applications of the quantum entanglement state that Shang Long had developed. However, this kind of quantum entanglement state was actually above mind power.

It was a little like a method of exerting one’s mind power, but it also involved a word—enlightenment!

He understood. He would understand when he found it! Of course, it was not purely mysterious. There were still cultivation methods for Genetic Miracles.

The cultivation method of the Heart Eye was to find the point in one’s mind power that was related to the state of quantum entanglement through the continuous release and recovery of mind power.

In other words, if a portion of mind power was refined into the smallest quantum, the number of quantum components that formed Xu Tui’s mind power would be in the billions. According to the theory of the quantum entanglement state, a special interaction could be produced after a special interaction. This interaction was the quantum entanglement state.

To put it simply, if two particles were 1,000 kilometers apart in the quantum entanglement state, Particle A were to undergo some sort of movement, even without exerting any force, Particle B that was 1,000 kilometers away would be able to respond to it to varying degrees.

His current scientific understanding could not explain how this had happened. However, if he used ancient Chinese metaphysics, many things could be explained.

For example, teleportation.

For example, teleportation arrays.

If he extended it further, the wormhole in the theory of the universe could also be touched. However, that theory was too great.

The most impressive thing about Shang Long, Old Mr. Shang, was that he was able to implement a concrete and practical plan in an empty and large physics world.

What Xu Tui was practicing now was to spread his mind power to its maximum range after the collision in his body. Then, he would find a pair of mind power that were entangled with each other, or a mind power beam.

In any case, as long as he found a pair of mind power powers that affected each other and used them as seeds, he would be considered to have mastered the Heart Eye.

However, this kind of cultivation was like finding a needle in a haystack. Quantum was the smallest unit of indivisibility. If Xu Tui’s mind power was converted into quantum, it would be in the billions.

It was too difficult to find it! Therefore, it was very, very difficult to get started.

However, according to Shang Long and Ji Qianli, or An Xiaoxue’s teachings, as long as he persevered, he would eventually be able to do it. His mind power had been converted into the smallest unit of quantum, which was in the billions.

However, some abilities of mind power were not something that a quantum computer could compare to where it could filter millions of pieces of information in an instant.

The most important thing in cultivation was to calm one’s mind. He quietly sensed, searched, and discovered.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui chose to come to the Research Institute Number 14 to cultivate. It was quiet in Research Institute No. 14.

However, Xu Tui tried many times today, but he could not calm down and cultivate. For some reason, he felt a sense of frustration that he could not dispel. Through meditation, he could calm his mind. However, once he started cultivating, he would still be affected by this heat.

Xu Tui knew very well the source of this irritation.

Li Jin!

The mastermind was really the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, Li Jin!

Luo Shifeng had died because of Li Jin’s arrangements. He was also the reason why Luo Shifeng was injured the most. According to Lu Guanqing, only Li Jin could contact a top SSS-grade spy like Painted Skin.

However, this Li Jin had a high status. He was constantly protected by Genetic Transmutation Realm experts and a powerful security team. Not to mention that he could mobilize the power of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee at any time.

Xu Tui could only look up to such an existence.

Revenge? Whether or not he could get close to him was a problem! Not to mention controlling Li Jin and getting his hands on Painted Skin, which was Feng Qian’s whereabouts.

He had found out who the mastermind was, but he was helpless.

Xu Tui could not calm down at all. He sat up several times but was unable to enter a cultivation state.

An Xiaoxue, who was in the research hall next door, seemed to have sensed something and frowned. Her mental perception was equally strong. After some thought, she got up and made two cups of coffee. She then knocked on the door with the coffee before entering Xu Tui’s cultivation room.

“Cultivation is a persistent thing. If you stop occasionally to relax and adjust your state, you can achieve twice the results with half the effort. Take a break and have a cup of coffee. I made it myself.”

An Xiaoxue was more talkative when she faced Xu Tui in Research Institute No. 14.

“Thank you.”

Xu Tui took the coffee and took a sip. The coffee, which was usually very fragrant, tasted extremely bitter. It was even a little difficult to swallow.

“Is it because of Li Jin?” An Xiaoxue, who had seen Xu Tui’s condition, suddenly asked.

Xu Tui nodded. “I feel a little useless. I’ve found the mastermind, but I can’t do anything about it. I knew very well that this was normal. My mentality was not good either. However, I’m just unhappy. I feel very unhappy.”

“I understand. I had a similar experience.

“When Mr. He returns from being extra-terrestrial, ask him for help. Li Jin will definitely give you an explanation,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Mr. He? Just an explanation?”

“Li Jin is the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. He is very likely to be promoted to the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. He is also the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee. Moreover, after he was promoted to the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, he would also hold an important position in the extra-terrestrial.

“It was already Mr. He’s limit for him to give you an explanation. Especially after the Shamera incident,” An Xiaoxue said firmly.

“But…”

“If you still want to have a ‘but’, fight for it yourself!” An Xiaoxue interrupted Xu Tui’s words. “If you want to do something that violates the rules, everyone in our Genetic Miracle, including Mr. He and Mr. Ji, can help you. However, you must be the leader! Otherwise, the enemy would not dare to do anything to them after Mr. He or Mr. Ji stood up for you.

“However, you and your family will suffer an unbearable burden. Do you understand?”

Xu Tui instantly thought of his parents and understood what An Xiaoxue meant.

“I understand.” Xu Tui nodded heavily.

“Okay, then cultivate well!”