Chapter 391 - The Receiver Of Painted Skin And The New Clue

Chapter 391: The Receiver Of Painted Skin and the New Clue

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The Mountain Formula was the genetic ability chain that Xu Tui had used the Genetic Mutation Elixir to mutate.

The Mountain Formula Genetic Ability Chain also had eight genetic base points. Because of the strong magnetic siphon effect, he had used five bottles of genetic mutation elixir. It took two hours and forty minutes.

The enhancement effect of the Mountain Formula was very obvious. The mountain that he conjured was already showing signs of substance. Of course, it was only a sign. Although it does not have substance, its lethality has indeed increased greatly.

If he used the time consumed by the mutated of the Mountain Formula genetic ability chain as the foundation, coupled with the weight gain, then, he might need to spend close to three hours or even more than three hours to mutate the Spiritual Resonance Genetic Ability Chain with eight genetic base points.

In that case, the extremely valuable intelligence officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization might lose his value for some reason.

Xu Tui felt that he needed to do something. Whether he succeeded or not, he had to work hard!

Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Since he could use the Mind Concentration Technique to increase his speed by activating genetic base points, what about genetic mutation?

Xu Tui felt that they were all potions that were related to energy. He could try! Actually, he had tried it before he underwent the genetic mutation. However, the extent of his attempts was slightly limited.

Of course, Xu Tui would not take the risk. Even if he could buy five more minutes, ten minutes would be enough.

Xu Tui skillfully injected the first syringe of genetic mutation elixir into his body.

When the laboratory-level genetic mutation elixir entered his body, Xu Tui, whose mental perception were extremely powerful, felt that something was amiss. Even the laboratory-level genetic mutation elixir could not compare to the genetic mutation elixir that An Xiaoxue had fused with his biological genetic information.

The absorption efficiency was worse than the medicine An Xiaoxue had given him.

In other words, it would take a little longer. A bottle might take three to five minutes more. After four to five bottles, he…

In an instant, Xu Tui entered the illusory introspective state through meditation.

Xu Tui continued to use his Spiritual Resonance ability with all his might for two minutes. When the Genetic Ability Chain Curve of the Spiritual Resonance began to flicker and absorb the medicinal effects, his mind power slowly focused on the flickering Genetic Ability Chain Curve.

In an instant, the speed at which the medicinal effect gathered toward the curve of the genetic energy chain increased.

The first bottle took 29 minutes.

When he injected the second bottle, Tian Suqing became a little anxious. “Researcher Xu, based on your experience, how many bottles of medicine do you need to complete this mutation?”

“I might need six bottles because of the strong magnetic siphon effect,” Xu Tui said.

Tian Suqing was shocked. Six bottles might take three hours. “Can you think of a way to speed up? If it exceeds three, I’m afraid…”

“I understand!”

Xu Tui used his mind power to speed up the second bottle. It took him 28 minutes. The third bottle took him 26 minutes.

The fourth bottle took 25 minutes.

This speed of improvement surprised Tian Suqing.

However, before Xu Tui could notice the fifth bottle, Tian Suqing and the special agents present suddenly realized that Xu Tui had a nosebleed. This was one of the side effects of the genetic mutation elixir.

The appearance of this side effect meant that the mutation speed was too fast. He had to stop the mutation and give the human body a chance to adapt.

“There are side effects. Why don’t we stop temporarily?” Tian Suqing said.

“It’s a nosebleed. It’s just a slight one. I feel fine. Give me a life monitor to monitor the changes in the blood vessels in my brain. I’ll continue.”

“Okay!

After pondering for a moment, Tian Suqing agreed.

Xu Tui did not dare to speed up the fifth bottle. He even slowed down a little. It took 26 minutes. It was important to get information from the Purifier Officer, but Xu Tui’s life was also very important.

Xu Tui believed that as long as he continued to grow, he would be able to get rid of more Purifier Officers from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in the future. At this moment, it was stupid to risk his life.

However, not long after the sixth bottle was injected, blood began to seep out of Xu Tui’s eyes, ears, and nose. The blood that slowly flowed out of his eyes was especially terrifying.

“Director Tian, he’s overloaded. Most people could only inject four to five bottles of Genetic Mutation Elixir a day. Six bottles. It’s already a serious overload,” the special agent who was monitoring Xu Tui’s life status said. “There are already dozens of capillary pressure ruptures in his head.”

“Xu Tui, give up if you can’t take it.”

Just as Tian Suqing finished speaking, Xu Tui suddenly opened his eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood. Under Tian Suqing’s shocked gaze, Xu Tui smiled.

“Done. Five and a half bottles!”

Tian Suqing suddenly waved her hand. “It took two hours and 31 minutes. We still have about 20 minutes. Xu Tui, can you perform the Spiritual Resonance after the mutation now?”

“Sure!”

“Alright, then let’s begin immediately! Xu Tui, if we manage to dig out a big clue this time, you will still be the first to receive the credit after you have made a contribution,” Tian Suqing said.

At the side, the interrogation experts had already started working.

“Four Truth Serums!”

The medical special agent who was acting as an assistant was stunned. “Four vials of Truth Serum? If he were to take this dosage, he would probably become mentally confused and become an idiot when he wakes up in the future.”

“Why do you care so much about the future? Do you think you need to consider humane behavior for a member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, which is defined as anti-human?” Tian Suqing shouted.

“Moreover, we’ve already detected that he has a sorcerer chip implanted in his brain. Currently, we’re using a special particle jammer to make this sorcerer chip temporarily hibernate. However, according to our intelligence, the sorcerer brainwave radiation control chip had a dormant countdown function for all three generations.

“Once it went into hibernation, it would immediately self-destruct. We don’t have much time left,” Tian Suqing added.

Without any hesitation, four bottles of Truth Serums were injected into the body of the Purifier Officer, who was known as the Hand Sanitizer. The powerful medicinal effect made the muscles of the Purifier Officer twitch instinctively.

At the same time, Xu Tui used his mind power magnetic field to wrap around the Purifier Officer. He activated his spiritual resonance and slowly lowered the self-protection of the Purifier Officer.

“Can you use Spiritual Radiation at the same time?” The interrogator suddenly asked.

“I can.”

“Then this time, you and I will cast Spiritual Radiation at the same time. My Spiritual Radiation has already mutated and will be the main guide. Your spiritual radiation ability has not mutated yet. Just be a bystander and record the memory fragments you see from his subconscious.

“When I’m using my advanced hypnotic ability to ask relevant questions, in his mind, there would be corresponding subconscious memory fragments to flash. He won’t say these subconscious memory fragments voluntarily, but you can see a portion of them from the perspective of a bystander with your spiritual radiation,” the interrogation expert said.

Xu Tui nodded.

It turned out that if one wanted to obtain the subconscious of a professional who had received special anti-hypnosis and anti-interrogation training, they needed to guide and make their subconscious show itself.

Xu Tui finally learned something. With this little harvest, this trip was worth it!

“Where have you been in the last few months?”

This time, the interrogation expert took out the outline of the interrogation that Tian Suqing had discussed with the senior expert from the Special Intelligence Division in the past two hours.

Usually, the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization would perform a special hypnosis enhancement on important information. Once it was involved, it would trigger the corresponding self-alert protection switch.

However, if he were to ask about some very ordinary recent events, he would not trigger the target’s self-alert protection switch. Correspondingly, whether they could obtain useful information from these ordinary questions depended on the abilities of the intelligence experts of the Special Intelligence Division.

“I’ve been to Jincheng Prefecture, Xi’an Prefecture, and Shandong Prefecture. I even went to the capital a few months ago.”

The word “Capital” made all the special agents present freeze. That was their territory. However, the interrogation expert still asked slowly according to the outline. He could not rush this matter.

“Who did you meet when you went to these places? Was there anything that you found interesting?”

In a hypnosis interrogation, especially for someone who had undergone professional training, they definitely could not ask about sensitive matters directly.

“In the Jincheng Prefecture, I met…

“I also met a few people in Xi’an Prefecture and purified them. The Shandong Prefecture is mainly responsible for purification. The Capital is also responsible for purification. They have reviewed a few peripheral members.

“However, the main mission for going to the Capital is to help Painted Skin obtain the identity of an infiltrator.”

Xu Tui was extremely shocked when he heard this. He did not expect that it would involve Painted Skin!

A large amount of intelligence showed that Feng Qian, who was beside Luo Shifeng, was this SSS-grade spy, Painted Skin. He did not interrupt. He could not act recklessly at such a professional moment.

However, his spiritual radiation saw some scenes from the perspective of a bystander, as if he was watching a movie. This was especially so when the Purifier Officer mentioned Painted Skin’s infiltration identity. He displayed several images at the same time.

One of the images was of a hotel private room.

The Purifier Officer sat in a huge hotel private room. The private room had ordered a table of dishes, but he was the only one there. He ate quietly and waited slowly. Not long after, the Purifier Officer, who had received a message, slowly sat on the sofa by the wall and slowly closed his eyes.

The scene switched to another hotel private room.

Looking at the decoration style of the private room, it was extremely similar to the one the Purifier Officer was in.

The private room was rather small. There were only two people in it. They were eating and drinking. One of them suddenly froze. He said mechanically, “I’m going to the washroom.” Then he went out and turned to the cubicle where the Purifier Officer was. He put down a notebook.

“All of Feng Qian’s biological genetic information has been taken and copied?”

“Other than the fact that the genetic characteristics are too complicated and some of them can’t be copied, the rest are complete.”

“Alright, go back. When you go back, you’ll forget everything you’ve done and that you saw me today. You are a staff member who abides by the professional rules and has not done anything that violates the working rules.”

“Yes, I am a…”

After repeating this three times, the man left. He returned to the private room as if he had lost his soul. He sat down and suddenly woke up. He picked up his wine glass.

“Come, come, let’s continue drinking…”

Just as Xu Tui was about to get a clear look at the appearance of the other man in the private room, this man appeared to be an extremely crucial breakthrough point. The image suddenly shattered and dissipated.

Another subconscious image unfolded.

“Your mission this time is to get close to Luo Shifeng and gain his trust as much as possible. Find an opportunity to obtain the research information on the passive genetic ability chain of the reaction speed. Starlight has sent an emergency order to implement Plan 2. We will temporarily abandon Plan 1.”

“The payment.”

“It will arrive in a minute. The rest will appear at this address in three hours…”

…

All kinds of subconscious memories flashed past like a tide. Some of them only flashed by, but Xu Tui could see most of them. He could clearly see that there were only four people who had come into contact with the Purifier Officer.

The interrogator’s questions continued.

“What are you doing at the temporary base in Qinling?”

“Plan No. 1 has been changed to Plan No. 2 at the last minute. The organization needs the passive genetic chain of the reaction speed. I’m here to build an escape route and help control the target…”

“Did you obtain any internal help from Jincheng Prefecture or other regions?”

“Yes.”

“Which types of help did you get?”

“Supplies, some intelligence…”@@novelbin@@

Bang!

As he was asking, the Purifier Officer’s head suddenly exploded like a ripe watermelon. Red and white splattered all over the interrogator’s face.

Xu Tui was not affected at all. The moment he sensed that something was amiss, he immediately activated a mental shield with his extremely fast reaction speed.