Chapter 397 - Tian Suqing’S Courage, Lu

Chapter 397: Tian Suqing’s Courage, Lu Guanqing’s Panic (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Why did you order your student, Ning Yize, to invite Xi Daming, a member of the Bioinformatics Regiment, for a meal?”

“I was entrusted by a friend to cooperate with someone and obtain some information.”

“What information was obtained?”

“A person’s full set of biological information.”

“Whose is it, do you know?”

“I don’t know about that.”

“Do you know the identity of the person you are cooperating with?”

“I’m not too sure, but I think they’re intelligence agents from an illegal organization.”

“Then do you know that it’s illegal to obtain other people’s biological information?”

“I… know.”

“Who is the friend who commissioned you?”

“Li Jin.”

“What did he commission you to do?”

“He asked me to cooperate with a friend whose code name is Hand Sanitizer to obtain some special information.”

“Did he ask you to do anything else?”

“He asked me to help him observe Xu Tui from the Genetic Miracle. If I discover anything unusual, I can inform them.”

…

The interrogation of Lu Guanqing went very smoothly. Under the combination of advanced hypnosis and the Truth Serum, Lu Guanqing answered almost every question. The spiritual radiation that Xu Tui had prepared for a long time was not of much use.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were surprised, but they also roughly understood the reason.

Lu Guanqing must have been very confident. He was very confident in his identity and strength. With his status, no department would dare to do anything to him. With his strength, most people could not deal with him. Under normal circumstances, even a cultivator at the Genetic Evolution Realm would not be able to hypnotize him.

Therefore, Lu Guanqing did not take any protective measures such as self-suggestion for these very sensitive questions. No one could question him. So why should he do this? As a result, he told Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue everything that had happened during their interrogation.

“Do you know why Li Jin wants to deal with Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng?”

“It should be for the research date of the abnormal load of mind power.”

Hearing this answer, An Xiaoxue could not help but ask, “Why is Li Jin plotting something like this when the Genetic Miracle has yet to fully understand the research?”

“What Li Jin needs is not information on the abnormal load of mind power project, but a posture! He has to make a gesture to the other person to show that he’s trying his best so that he could obtain that person’s support and get the position of the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee.”

Even after being injected with the Truth Serum, Lu Guanqing’s answers were still very organized. It could be seen that this was something that Lu Guanqing had thought about many times before. That was why he could say it under hypnosis.

“Do you know about Painted Skin?”

“I have.”

“Then do you know that Hand Sanitizer obtained the biological information of someone in the Bioinformatics Department to facilitate the infiltration of Painted Skin?”

“I don’t know, but I have a guess.”

“Do you know anything about Painted Skin or her whereabouts?”

“I don’t know.”

“Do you know about the social relations of Painted Skin?”

“I’m not sure, but I’m sure Li Jin can contact Painted Skin.”

…

“Do you have any designs on the Genetic Miracle’s abnormal load of mind power project?”

When he had asked most of the questions, Xu Tui suddenly changed the topic. In any case, he had already taken control of Lu Guanqing. Lu Guanqing did not have any defenses. Xu Tui followed the principle of not wasting anything and asked whatever he wanted to know.

“Yes, I want to obtain the research progress and relevant information on the Genetic Miracle’s abnormal load of mind power.”

“Do you have any plans for Research Institute Number 14 in the near future?”

“Not at the moment, but I’m planning to look for an opportunity.”

“What do you want to do with the research materials of the abnormal load of mind power project that you’re after?”

“These are Elder Ruan’s instructions.”

This answer was beyond Xu Tui’s expectations. He was stunned. He looked surprised.

Xu Tui did not expect Lu Guanqing to have someone backing him. He turned to look at An Xiaoxue. Unexpectedly, An Xiaoxue’s expression was calm, as if she already knew about it.

“Miss An, you know?”

“I can’t say that I know, but I’ve already guessed it.”

“Who is this Elder Ruan?”

“Ruan Tianzuo. He’s one of the seven Planetary realm powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector. Lu Guanqing was once his student,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Planetary realm, not quasi-planetary realm?”

“Yes, Planetary realm!”

Xu Tui gasped when he heard that. The quasi-planetary level Shamera was already so powerful. Then how strong was the planetary-level powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo?

“Are you afraid?”

“Afraid?” Xu Tui shook his head. “I just heard a name. I’m not afraid. I’m curious! I’m very curious about Planetary realm powerhouses.”@@novelbin@@

“The founder of our Genetic Miracle, Mr. Shang Long, is also a planetary-level powerhouse! This is also the reason why Ruan Tianzuo only dared to scheme against us through Lu Guanqing.”

Xu Tui’s interest was instantly piqued.

“Mr. Shang from our Genetic Miracle is also one of the seven Planetary Realms in the Huaxia Sector. It’s no wonder that many people want to know about the research data on the abnormal load of mind power, but they don’t dare to do it by force,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Not only that! Although Mr. Ji Guoliang is a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, the ability of the Thousand-Mile Sword Technique is something that even a planetary-level powerhouse would be afraid of.” An Xiaoxue seemed to be trying to boost Xu Tui’s confidence by pointing out this point.

Xu Tui wanted to ask more questions about this, but An Xiaoxue shook her head gently. “There will be plenty of opportunities for us to talk about these things. Let’s get down to business first.”