Chapter 393 - The Mastermind Appears?

Chapter 393: The Mastermind Appears?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In his subconscious memory, Xi Daming, a staff member of the Bioinformatics Department, had been hypnotized twice by the Purifier Officer codenamed Hand Sanitizer.

The first time was more than three months ago. The hypnosis method was similar to the scene Xu Tui had seen in the Purifier Officer’s subconscious memory.

It was a private room in a restaurant.

Xi Daming was eating in another room. On the way to the washroom, he was accurately hypnotized by the Purifier Officer. Then, he used an extremely laborious method to obtain Feng Qian’s biological information.

However, there was no memory fragment of the person who ate and drank with Xi Daming.

“Who has treated you to a meal in the past few months?”

“Many, many…”

“There weren’t many people that invited you to go to dinner. You drank every time and it was all held in a private room in a restaurant. Who was it?”

This question had not been strengthened by the Purifier Officer. Soon, Xi Daming reported two names to Xu Tui.

This made Xu Tui frown slightly. Two different people had treated Xi Daming? This was a little troublesome.

“Ah Huang, check the phone records and consumption records of these two people over the past few months with Xi Daming. See if you can match them. If possible, let’s see if we can find the surveillance footage of the hotel where they ate,” Xu Tui said.

A few minutes later, Ah Huang gave the results.

The hotel surveillance footage from three months ago could not be found. It had been automatically deleted. The surveillance footage from the hotel two months ago happened to be missing.

Something strange was going on. Of course, it was also possible that it was deleted by the officials through technical means.@@novelbin@@

The fact that two different people were treating Xi Daming to a meal largely meant that the Purifier Officer with the code name of Hand Sanitizer had accurately grasped Xi Daming’s movements after obtaining the support of other intelligence. He had then waited in advance to hypnotize Xi Daming.

If that was the case, then the trail would be cut off again.

“Is the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization’s intelligence network in the capital so powerful?”

It was not difficult to track Xi Daming’s general whereabouts. However, they could accurately track Xi Daming’s whereabouts after work, they could also book a private room next to Xi Daming’s private dining room earlier.

This was a little miraculous!

One had to know that every inch of land in the capital was worth a fortune. Many private rooms in hotels could not be booked on the spot. Many of them had to book a private room half a day in advance.

“I have to investigate the two people who invited Xi Daming to dinner.”

According to the information Ah Huang had found, the two people who had invited Xi Daming to dinner were ordinary friends of Xi Daming. They were not close, and their relationship was not that good. Moreover, these two people were very ordinary genetic newcomers.

The two of them lived a little far apart. One lived in the south of the capital while the other lived in the north of the capital.

Fortunately, he used the repulsive force flying skateboard to travel, so it didn’t take too long. He spent a total of three hours changing the batteries of the repulsive force flying skateboard before he finally finished checking the two people who had treated Xi Daming to a meal.

They were all ordinary people. Xu Tui directly used advanced hypnosis and a bit of spiritual radiation. He had an unexpected gain.

There was another clue! There was a third person at the dinner!

The two dinners were both initiated by that third person. However, the third person had asked these two people to invite Xi Daming. The private room of the restaurant was also booked by that third person, and the dishes were also booked in advance by that third person. However, when it was time to eat, he said that he had something on and could not come.

But this third person was quite kind. He did not come but paid for the meal. Everyone was happy.

At this point, Xu Tui finally smelled a conspiracy. He realized that the third person who treated them to a meal might be the contact or partner of Hand Sanitizer.

The third person who did not show up at the two dinners was called Ning Yize!

“Ah Huang, check Ning Yize’s detailed information. He’s a 33-year-old man who works at Ansheng Biology Group.”

“One minute.”

Xu Tui’s personal communication device vibrated slightly. Ah Huang had already sent the information about Ning Yize to Xu Tui.

His resume was very eye-catching.

He graduated from one of the top ten genetic evolution universities in the country. He majored in the Mystery Branch, but his abilities leaned towards research. He mainly did research. He was also the most miserable research dog in the capital.

One of the resumes immediately caught Xu Tui’s attention.

Ning Yize had worked at Research Institute No. 29 for six years.

The resume of the Research Institute No. 29 of the Genetic Research Institute for the past six years was Ning Yize’s springboard. He directly jumped into the top three companies of the Blue Star, Ansheng Genetic Biopharmaceutical Company.

“Ah Huang, check the information of the Research Institute No. 29 .”

On the way to Ning Yize’s residence, Xu Tui gathered information as he hurried along.

“Eh, Xu Tui, the director of the Research Institute No. 29 is someone you would never expect,” Ah Huang suddenly said.

“Who?”

“Lu Guanqing! The current Vice-Chairman of the Genetic Research Institute, Lu Guanqing. Up until now, Lu Guanqing is still the director of Research Institute No. 29.”

“Lu Guanqing?”

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s lips. He already had some vague associations. If that was the case, the mastermind who plotted against him, harmed Luo Shifeng, and even continued to plot against his parents would appear.

“It better not be him, or else!”

Half an hour later, Xu Tui arrived at Ning Yize’s residence in the Capital. It was already past three in the morning. The sanitation robots in the Capital had already started work.

Ning Yize worked at Ansheng Genetic Biopharmaceutical Company. He was considered a high-level white-collar worker. He also lived in a high-end neighborhood. The security team was very strong and cameras were everywhere.

However, with Ah Huang around, the cameras here were useless.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui sat in front of Ning Yize’s bed. There were all kinds of clothes scattered on the ground and a naked beauty on the bed.

This fellow’s nightlife was exceptionally exciting.

After hypnotizing the two of them, Xu Tui began to question Ning Yize while he was under hypnosis. Xu Tui even used his spiritual radiation to observe his subconscious memories, afraid that he would make a mistake.

“Why did you invite Xi Daming to dinner?”

What surprised Xu Tui was that Ning Yize, who was under hypnosis, did not react to this question.

These were traces that had been handled by professionals! If the mind did not involve this problem, the subconscious memories would not appear.

He activated his spiritual resonance.

Xu Tui first used his spiritual resonance to affect Ning Yize’s mental state. Then, he used his spiritual radiation to affect Ning Yize before he started asking questions.

“Why did you invite Xi Daming to dinner?”

Ning Yize still did not react.

“You invited Xi Daming to dinner. Why didn’t you go in the end?”

“You…”

Xu Tui changed several questions in a row, but Ning Yize did not respond. It even made Xu Tui wonder if he had successfully hypnotized him. Yet Ning Yize answered the other questions clearly.

For example, he had brought the girl in his bed back from the bar.

However, the problem was that even an existence like the Purifier Officer had used mental hints to strengthen such problems. Even if he did not answer, there would be a mental fluctuation when he asked.

However, Ning Yize did not seem to have heard anything related to Xi Daming.

“Could it be self-hypnosis?”

A person with a certain level of mind power would be able to pass off as the truth if they repeatedly hypnotized themselves with a certain question! He let himself think that it was true!

The basis of the theory was very simple. After making oneself believe a lie, the lie would become the truth!

“Fortunately, I prepared some medicine.”

Xu Tui immediately gave Ning Yize a shot of the Truth Serum that he had obtained from Tian Suqing. When the drug started to take effect, Xu Tui once again used his Spiritual Resonance, Hypnosis, and other abilities.

It had to be said that the Truth Serum was really powerful. Ning Yize, who had been unresponsive previously, spoke directly after being injected with the Truth Serum.

“Why did you treat Xi Daming to a meal?”

“Teacher asked me to do something for him. He wanted me to ask Xi Daming to meet him at a designated place for dinner, but I can’t show myself.”

“Who’s the teacher?”

“My mentor at the institute, Lu Guanqing.”

“Why did you hypnotize yourself?”

“Teacher told me that some of the things he does are harmless and even beneficial to Huaxia. However, it’s better to be careful before he succeeds.”

…

Half an hour later, Xu Tui left Ning Yize’s house with the recording. Before he left, Xu Tui even used the Spiritual Radiation to slightly affect him, causing him to remember that he had taken several pills in a row.

It was used to hide the side effects of his splitting headache when he woke up from the Truth Serum. When he left, he even fed him a painkiller.

He should not be suspicious.

At this point, the entire matter had been connected.

Lu Guanqing had instructed his student, Ning Yize, to invite Xi Daming for a meal through someone else. He had created an opportunity for the Purifier Officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization to hypnotize Xi Daming accurately.

Then, he obtained Feng Qian’s biological information through Xi Daming.

The Purifier Officer, whose code name was Hand Sanitizer, provided Painted Skin with Feng Qian’s biological information. Painted Skin passed the inspection of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division and contacted Luo Shifeng.

His initial goal was to obtain information on the Passive Genetic Ability Chain through Luo Shifeng. However, because of one of the leaders, Starlight, he temporarily gave up on Plan No. 1 and activated Plan No. 2.

Xu Tui estimated that Plan No. 2 was the plan to ambush them in Niyah.

That was where the problem was.

Was Lu Guanqing this Starlight? Was Lu Guanqing the mastermind behind the entire incident?

It was impossible to determine from the analysis of the existing information. However, there was no doubt that Lu Guanqing was an extremely important figure in this entire matter. Moreover, Lu Guanqing was an important person in the Genetic Research Institute. He might be the mastermind behind Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui, and even Xu Tui’s parents.

This person was extremely dangerous to Xu Tui. He was not only going to avenge Luo Shifeng!

Next, Xu Tui only had one thing on his mind—to deal with Lu Guanqing.

After dealing with Lu Guanqing, the truth would be revealed!

“Ah Huang, gather information on Lu Guanqing in all aspects!”

“OK!”