Chapter 394 - Mutated Mental Whip And Spiral Force

Chapter 394: Mutated Mental Whip and Spiral Force

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui spent the next four to five days busy.

On the morning of the 30th of November, Xu Tui arrived at the Research Institute Number 14 as usual. After greeting An Xiaoxue, he walked straight into his research lab.

That’s right. Xu Tui now had his own office and research lab in Research Institute No. 14. Of course, he was more willing to call this 100-square-meter research room a cultivation room. Currently, it was mainly used by him for cultivation. The purchase and renovation of the equipment were done according to his wishes.

Xu Tui split the cultivation room into three.

The largest area was the scientific research area. The long operating table was already filled with various scientific research instruments that he knew how to use and did not know how to use.

The other area of about 40 square meters was his cultivation area. There was a very soft and wide sofa. Cultivation was very difficult, so the cultivation environment was better. His back felt uncomfortable after sitting for too long. A sofa that he could lie on and sit on was his favorite when he was cultivating. Other than that, there was only a handheld life detection device. The entire cultivation area was extremely simple. Other than a few pots of plants, there was nothing else.

The third area was the resting area. There was a single bed, a sofa, and a wardrobe.

He did not want to do this. Later on, he thought that it might be useful occasionally.

Actually, Xu Tui preferred to sleep on a bigger bed. However, it did not matter if he only used it occasionally in the research institute.

At this moment, there were five empty bottles of genetic mutation elixir in front of Xu Tui.

The genetic mutation this morning had been completed. During the genetic mutation this morning, Xu Tui had completed the genetic ability mutation of his mental whip.

The mental whip was a very powerful offensive ability. Previously, after using the Black Crown Queen Bee’s genetic transcriptional fluid, two silvery-white Level 2 Genetic Base Points were directly generated.

However, those two Level 2 Genetic Base Points were only the main genetic base points of the mental whip on the genetic ability chain.

In fact, there were a total of nine genetic base points in the mental whip genetic ability chain. The other seven genetic base points overlapped with the 72 genetic base points that had already activated.

Actually, it was not only the genetic base points of the mental whip that overlapped with the 72 genetic base points. Many abilities related to powerful mind power overlapped with the genetic base points of the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

There were even two genetic base points that overlapped with the spiritual radiation of the School of Radiation Influence that Xu Tui had learned previously.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain, which had already completed its mutation in his body, showed an interesting phenomenon.

One Genetic Ability Chain Curve encompassed another Genetic Ability Chain Curve. It was a little like a chain reaction. There seemed to be a different feeling when he observed it with his introspection.

Xu Tui had an inexplicable feeling in his heart, but he could not summarize it.

“I should be able to start mutating my mind power tomorrow. If I can complete the mutation of this genetic ability chain, I should be able to try flying on a sword. However, I should try to see how much my mind power can increase.”

Xu Tui stood up and walked straight to An Xiaoxue’s research hall. He had already tried it on the way. He could only inject 5% of his mind power into the whip.

The number did not change. But as Xu Tui’s mind power slowly increased, its power would also slowly increase.

However, Xu Tui had a different feeling after the mutation of the Genetic Ability Chain that day. The condensed mental whip seemed to be more transparent and heavier when he waved it. This feeling was indescribable, but he could sense it. Therefore, he would have to conduct a real-life experiment to find out how powerful the mental whip had become.

He whipped An Xiaoxue a few times in the name of an experiment. This was also a small benefit for Xu Tui’s cultivation.

Xu Tui had already whipped An Xiaoxue before the mutation of the Genetic Ability Chain. He wanted An Xiaoxue to give him a specific evaluation of the upgrade afterward.

“Finished?” An Xiaoxue asked casually when she saw Xu Tui enter.

“It was just completed.”

“You want to test its power?”

“Yes.”

“Wait a moment.” An Xiaoxue stopped what she was doing and took off her disposable gloves. Then, she stood 20 meters away from Xu Tui and took a deep breath. “Alright, come on.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s gaze focused slightly. A mental whip condensed out of thin air and lashed towards An Xiaoxue.

When it was five meters in front of An Xiaoxue, the perception of the mental whip froze.

Xu Tui knew that it was An Xiaoxue’s passive defense against mental attacks. After the mental whip was weakened to a certain extent by An Xiaoxue’s mind power domain, it struck her head.

An Xiaoxue did not even blink. She stared at Xu Tui and said, “I don’t feel anything! It’s useless against me!”

“I used 1% of my mind power just now,” Xu Tui quickly said.

“If you used 1% of your mind power, it would have improved compared to before. However, there is no threat to me. I don’t even feel anything, so I can’t make a specific evaluation.”

Xu Tui was a little dejected.

An Xiaoxue did not feel anything when she was hit by the mutated mental whip! This was a huge blow to him. Fortunately, there was still 5% left.

“Again!”

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. This time, he injected 5% of his mind power into the whip. A dark mental whip, which he could sense in his mind, landed heavily on An Xiaoxue’s head.

This time, An Xiaoxue frowned slightly.

“Not bad, I can feel it a little. The mutation can already affect me. It could probably interrupt or disrupt the frequency of my attacks for an instant. Basically, I could recover after being hit by the whip. The affected time is about 0.1 milliseconds.” After a pause, An Xiaoxue continued, “It’s already very good. My mind power is already at the top even among Genetic Evolvers.

“Your mental whip can affect me. If you can strengthen it a little more, you can at least create an opportunity for yourself to escape when you face Genetic Evolvers in the future.”

“Again!”

Xu Tui gritted his teeth. He sent his Divine Sense into the mind power crystal hanging in front of his chest and activated the mental whip.@@novelbin@@

It increased by 12%!

This time, An Xiaoxue frowned slightly. There was a hint of pain in her eyes. It was obvious that Xu Tui’s whip did not make her feel good.

“You used an Origin Crystal to enhance it?”

“Yes.”

“Your Origin Crystal’s enhancement is only 12%. However, this enhancement seems to be able to trigger a qualitative change. Your mental whip has greatly increased your damage. My mind power was shaken to a certain extent.

“If I had used any superpower just now, there was a high chance that I would have been interrupted. Your whip had affected my mind power for more than a second. It was extremely powerful.

“However, this was a situation where I did not take any precautions. You must not be careless. If it was during a battle, my mind power domain would be highly active. The power of your whip would be greatly reduced,” An Xiaoxue said.

“That’s right. In the future, when you cultivate, you can try to strengthen the genetic base points of your mental whip. This ability has great value and potential. Perhaps there will be a huge change when you strengthen your cultivation to a certain extent,” An Xiaoxue said.

“You’ve worked hard, Miss An.”

Xu Tui quickly expressed his gratitude after the test was completed.

“How’s the cultivation of your Spiral Force?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked.

“I’m still cultivating. It’s more difficult to cultivate this. It takes a longer time to cultivate,” Xu Tui said.

“I know. You can only rely on hard work. You have to hurry up. There are still more than 20 days before you have to leave for the extra-terrestrial. It’s best to master Spiral Force before going to the extra-terrestrial,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Yes, I’ll work hard.”

“Then go.”

An Xiaoxue waved her hand. When Xu Tui turned around, An Xiaoxue suddenly asked, “Are Auntie and Uncle Xu still living here?”

“They’re cleaning up the new home. My mother said that she’ll treat you to a meal when she’s settled in a few days.”

An Xiaoxue nodded gently.

Xu Tui returned to his cultivation room. He began to cultivate Spiral Force.

Spiral Force was the most difficult ability he had ever cultivated. That was because this ability was not something like activating genetic base points or meditating. It was purely a special way of exerting force by attaching mind power to a flying sword.

If he had to make an analogy. The process of cultivating the Spiral Force was the same as when the students of the Extreme Branch were practicing their weapons. For example, he could swing his saber 10,000 times a day, stab his spear 8,000 times, and so on.

The Spiral Force was the same. It was a method to increase the power of a flying sword that Shang Long had invented directly from physics.

The most basic level was to split one’s mind power into two and inject it into the flying sword in a spiral shape. When this spiral force pushed the flying sword to fly, its speed would increase explosively.

The attacking ability of the flying sword could also be greatly improved. Each spiral force was like a spiral engine.

It was easier said than done. Not to mention the three, four, or even five Spiral Forces after his advancement, Xu Tui could not even do two.

It was easy to use one’s mind power as a whole. However, after it was split into two, the mind power that was spinning together twisted and spun. Xu Tui fainted before he could inject it into the flying sword.

He even vomited.

To a certain extent, mind power was equivalent to his eyes!

Xu Tui had developed a psychological trauma after practicing for the past few days. However, a man could not say no.

Xu Tui returned to the cultivation room and focused on cultivating Spiral Force. Just as he was feeling dizzy from cultivating, Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s ears.

“Xu Tui, we have basically figured out Lu Guanqing’s whereabouts. There is a high chance that he will go to this location tonight. Do you want to take action?”