Chapter 392 - Xu Tui’S Night Operation

Chapter 392: Xu Tui’s Night Operation

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At the Jinniu Building in the west of the capital.

Wu Youzhi was a high-level engineer from a technology company. As usual, he was on his highly-equipped quantum computer. That was his job requirement.@@novelbin@@

In the workshop, Wu Youzhi suddenly received a message on his communication device.

Wu Youzhi subconsciously looked at the message. There was no content, only a picture of a poker card.

Ace of Spades.

Wu Youzhi’s pupils constricted when he saw the card picture. In the next moment, Wu Youzhi did not even save the progress of his work. He stood up and left.

“My stomach hurts. I’m going out for a while.” Wu Youzhi said as he walked. The moment he left the office, he rushed towards the elevator.

Several elevators were running downward. After waiting for only a second, Wu Youzhi rushed toward the emergency passageway and the stairs. He ran to the underground parking lot and took out a wig from the trunk. He pasted a face-changing patch on his face, instantly making him look like a different person.

Then, Wu Youzhi did not drive his own car. Instead, he found a dusty electric bike from a corner, threw away his personal communication device, and rode toward the exit of the underground parking lot.

Light appeared. The exit was getting closer.

Wu Youzhi became more and more nervous.

That Ace of Spades was the most serious exposure signal in the organization. After seeing the Ace of Spades, he had to leave his residence and workplace immediately. Then, he had to use special methods to contact the organization to obtain help.

Wu Youzhi was a little depressed.

He had joined Dawn Salvation for less than two years and had just improved his life through the organization’s rewards. He had even gotten rid of the single status and could hug a warm person to sleep every night. It was not a real-life doll from a long time ago.

However, he did not expect that he would be exposed in less than two years!

The problem was, how could he be exposed? He had not carried out any missions recently.

However, doubts were doubts. At this moment, avoiding a possible search was the most important thing.

The underground parking tunnel was within sight. As long as he left the underground parking lot, he would be able to hide in a dark corner of the city after changing his appearance. It would be difficult for the Huaxia Security Department to find him in a short period of time.

The sunlight was about to reach the entrance of the passageway.

The joy on Wu Youzhi’s face grew. Just as his electric bike was about to leave the underground parking lot, two repulsive force flying hoverboards suddenly descended from the sky and blocked his path.

The leader had a very gentle expression.

“I’m sorry, there’s an emergency. Please take the initiative to show your personal information. You can leave after confirming that there are no mistakes.”

Wu Youzhi wailed. How unlucky!

Disguise could only hide from the ubiquitous electronic cameras. However, he would be exposed in front of such a face-to-face verification.

Two minutes later, Wu Youzhi was pressed to the ground by a special agent.

“Reporting, the sixth target, Wu Youzhi, has been captured in the underground parking lot!”

“Roger that. Search for personal items and work information.”

“Roger, understood!”

…

Similar scenes were happening everywhere in the Capital, Xi’an Prefecture, Shandong Prefecture, and Jincheng Prefecture.

Some of the special agents had captured their targets. But some of the teams that attacked were a step too late.

…

At eight o’clock in the evening, a team of special agents drove Xu Tui’s flying car back to the Capital. Unfortunately, no fish took the bait even after they returned to the capital. No external force attacked Xu Tui’s repulsive force flying car. He wondered if the mastermind had stopped their operations recently, or if he had smelled danger.

This made Xu Tui a little disappointed. He had originally wanted to use himself as bait to lure the mastermind out again. He wanted to find some clues and dig out the mastermind in one fell swoop to find the hidden danger.

However, the mastermind was much more shrewd than Xu Tui had imagined. He did not take the bait twice in a row.

On the other hand, on the way back to the capital, the director of the Special Intelligence Division, Tian Suqing, kept receiving phone calls. When she was about to return to the capital, her usually cold face was already plastered with a smile that could not be erased.

“Xu Tui, you’ve made a great contribution this time. In the interrogation just now, we found a total of 12 suspicious targets based on the instructions of the Purifier Officers and the analysis of the scene. We immediately informed the Special Intelligence Division of their locations to catch them in real-time.

“We have captured seven, but five have escaped! But you know what, three. The three intelligence agents of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization that the Capital had discovered had all been successfully captured.

“Under the high pressure of the capital, the enemy was also extremely careful. It had been almost two years since we had caught a suspicious target. This capture would definitely deal a heavy blow to the intelligence network that the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization had painstakingly established in the capital. When the follow-up work is done, I’ll give you credit!

“By the way, do you have any requests?” Tian Suqing asked.

Previously, with the help of Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance, the interrogation expert from the Capital Special Intelligence Division had managed to obtain a lot of information about the intelligence personnel before the head of the Purifier Officer, who was known as the Hand Sanitizer, exploded. He had gained a lot by cooperating with Xu Tui’s spiritual radiation.

The only pity was that he had less time. If he had another 15 minutes, he might have gained more.

However, everyone understood that Xu Tui had gone all out.

“Request? There are also traces of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in the capital. You will definitely send someone to protect my parents, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course. According to the rules, as the inventor of an important scientific research result, your family, including yourself, will be under the Special Intelligence Division’s security three years after the scientific research results are announced,” Tian Suqing said.

“I don’t have any requests… Oh right, can you give me a few Truth Serums?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Tian Suqing fixed her gaze on Xu Tui. After a long while, she reached into the medicine box at the side and took out three Truth Serums. She handed them to Xu Tui.

“As a specially-recruited expert of the Capital Special Intelligence Division, you have the right to apply for such a drug for research. After that, I need you to submit a research analysis report to me,” Tian Suqing said.

“Thank you!”

The thanks were sincere. The Truth Serum was a strategic controlled resource in the Huaxia Sector. Most people and organizations could not obtain it. Even if it was outside the Huaxia Sector, they would need special channels to obtain it.

“A normal person would not suffer irreversible side effects from a dose of the Truth Serum. However, once there was more than one needle, it might cause irreversible mental damage. The Purifier Officer from before had cultivated the ability of the School of Radiation Influence and had received extremely professional training. That’s why he could withstand so many injections.” Tian Suqing seemed to be communicating, but also seemed to be reminding him.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui alighted at the entrance of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He first went to visit his parents who lived in the external reception center. He was shocked when he arrived at the room.

They were staying in a luxurious suite that cost three thousand dollars a night. An Xiaoxue booked the room for them for 10 consecutive days. She brought his parents to the hotel for dinner. She even brought some fruits and milk after the meal.

His mother, Zhang Xiuli, said a few words. This woman was really handsome! Although she did not speak much, she was very meticulous. She was a good daughter!

After chatting for a while and calming his parents down, Xu Tui returned to the dormitory.

Xu Tui returned to the dormitory and filled his stomach with instant noodles. He wrapped his hair with a specially made hood and changed into an ordinary running jacket.

“Ah Huang, I’m going out to do something. Can you help me control the cameras along the road?”

“Don’t worry. As long as you don’t get close to the independent web cameras of certain companies or units, the other cameras won’t be able to see you!”

“If they can’t see me, then I won’t disguise myself?”

“Uh… The camera can’t see you, but what if there are people on the road? Or what if someone accidentally recorded something with the camera? Should you dress up?” Ah Huang said carefully.

“Tsk, I knew you were unreliable!”

As soon as he said this, Ah Huang panicked. “Who dares to say that I’m unreliable? I’ll adjust my computing power. You just have to strut around. I guarantee that the cameras on the street will be as good as blind.”

“Alright, I should put on some disguise. It’s better to be safe than sorry!”

Then, Xu Tui put on a simulated mask that he had cleaned up inside the Research Institute Number 14.

Xu Tui, who was originally extremely handsome, immediately turned into a young man with a square face and an ordinary face. He went out, stepped on the repulsive force flying skateboard, and headed straight for the target’s residence.

The target was no one else.

It was Xi Daming, an employee of the Bioinformatics Department. He was the most suspicious person since he dealt with Feng Qian’s bioinformation, but he had been eliminated by the Special Intelligence Division.

Xu Tui had deliberately gone to the School of Radiation Influence to cultivate advanced hypnosis, spiritual radiation, spiritual resonance, and other abilities. He wanted to search for Xi Daming’s subconscious after he mastered them and see if he had provided any biological information about Feng Qian to outsiders.

This was the only clue Xu Tui had at the moment. Previously, the Special Intelligence Division had hypnotized him, but everything was normal.

Originally, Xu Tui was just feeling emotional. However, he had seen Xi Daming this afternoon when he had conducted the spiritual radiation on the Purifier Officer, whose code name was Hand Sanitizer.

Xi Daming had been hypnotized by Hand Sanitizer. He could confirm that there was something wrong with Xi Daming, an employee of the Bioinformatics Department.

Xu Tui’s guess was correct.

However, there were two questions that had to be resolved. Under hypnosis, Xi Daming handed over Feng Qian’s biological information that he had copied. Then whose idea was he to use hand-copying to obtain Feng Qian’s biological information?

Was he hypnotized before? Or did someone else instruct him to do so?

Another question was, who was the man drinking with Xi Daming in the private room?

Xu Tui felt that this person’s identity might be very important. With Ah Huang’s help, Xi Daming’s residence was not a secret. He was living in a relatively good neighborhood.

Just as Ah Huang had said, with his help, all the electronic surveillance equipment were like blind people. Even the electronic password lock of the unit door opened automatically.

It was a little… perverted!

Xi Daming’s house looked very normal. He scanned the area with his mental perception twice but did not find any warning devices. In other words, Xi Daming might not be a member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

However, Xu Tui still carefully activated his Spiritual Radiation and made the family of three sleep before sneaking in. As for the lock, it was just a decoration for Xu Tui, who could materialize his mind power.

According to the information, Xi Daming had graduated from the Genetic Evolution College. However, before he graduated, he had only mutated two genetic ability chains, and they were of a clerical nature.

Among the genetic newcomers, he was one of the weakest.

Xu Tui could easily hypnotize him. He did not even need to perform a spiritual resonance. He could directly use his spiritual radiation to affect Xi Daming.

The mental hint that the Purifier Officer had given Xi Daming was very strong. Therefore, Xu Tui did not gain anything when he asked Xi Daming questions while he was under hypnosis.

However, after asking the relevant questions, he immediately made a discovery from the perspective of a bystander!