Chapter 396 - Success

Chapter 396: Success

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Monday, December 5th.

According to the pattern he had figured out previously, Lu Guanqing would be resting at the Landscape Garden today.

At around three in the afternoon, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue went out separately. After putting on some disguise, they entered the vacant room that Xu Tui had discovered in the Landscape Garden district.

In any case, with the cooperation of Ah Huang, this advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer, the surveillance of the public service range was like decoration.

It was rare for An Xiaoxue to not be wearing her signature light blue jeans. She had changed into a white and blue tracksuit, which looked refreshing.

However, the iconic disposable blue surgical mask was still on her face. As long as she went out, she would wear a blue mask and a ponytail. That was An Xiaoxue’s signature outfit.

“You should start with the preparations. Mix the drugs.”

An Xiaoxue took out six different bottles of medicine and handed them to Xu Tui.

“This is the energy carrier Rocca Intoxication Potion that I prepared over the past few days. In order to strengthen the medicinal effect, I specially used 1 gram of Origin Crystals to prepare it. Under normal circumstances, if a cultivator at the Genetic Evolution Realm was injected with the medicine, they would fall into a deep sleep 30 seconds later. It would be effective even if it was diluted 100 times. However, the time it took for it to take effect would be longer.

“It’s colorless and odorless!” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. “Miss An, is this effective against Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouses?”

An Xiaoxue glared at Xu Tui.

“Don’t think too much about it. Under the double dose, even a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert will be severely affected. However, the problem is how to send it into their bodies.”

“Alright, I’m just asking.”

Then, Xu Tui took out a spider robot that was half the size of a fist from his backpack and stuffed all six vials of medicine into the spider robot’s abdomen. Under Ah Huang’s control, the spider robot crawled toward the window and waited for orders.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power surged toward the 26th floor.

The lady of the house on the 26th floor was currently cleaning up, probably in preparation for Lu Guanqing’s arrival in the afternoon.

The female owner of the house suddenly felt sleepy as Xu Tui adjusted the frequency of the spiritual radiation. She had just sat down on the sofa when Xu Tui hypnotized her and she fell asleep on the sofa.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power reached the window. He activated his mind power, opened the window, and let the spider robot in silently.

Actually, Xu Tui could directly enter the residence and do all of this. He could even use his mind power to control objects to complete all of this. However, he was afraid that he would leave too many traces and alert Lu Guanqing.

Lu Guanqing was an expert who had been stuck at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm for ten years. If there were too many unfamiliar auras in the room, it would alert him. On the contrary, robots were purely material. There was no aura left at all.

A few minutes later, under Ah Huang’s exquisite control, the spider robot mixed two of the energy carrier Rocca Intoxicants into the essential oil bottle that Lu Guanqing used for massage.

The other two bottles of medicine were wrapped in a special slow-acting membrane and sent into the water purifier. The membrane would melt in three hours. Three hours later, around 6:50, when Lu Guanqing was about to arrive, the effects of the drug would dissipate.

The last two potions were mixed into the two wine bottles that Lu Guanqing had been drinking for the past few days. It took some time to open the bottle with the spider robot.

After doing all of this, the spider robot set up two more mosquito-like surveillance cameras in an extremely hidden spot. He then returned the way he came. Xu Tui used his mind power to restore the window curtains. Then, he waited quietly.

“I planned three retreat routes based on the environment. If anything unexpected happened, we would follow these three retreat routes. We did not have to worry too much if there were pursuers. The miniature self-destructing flying insects controlled by Ah Huang were already in position. If necessary, it will block the pursuers for you.

“Also, I have divided his struggle into three levels if Lu Guanqing did not fall into a coma as planned. The first was the worst case scenario. Retreat immediately. If the second situation occurs…”

An Xiaoxue wrote and drew for Xu Tui through the projected images. She made various plans and completed them, which shocked him.

Xu Tui felt that his plan was already professional enough. However, he did not expect An Xiaoxue’s plan to be more professional, detailed, and comprehensive than his!

An Xiaoxue had come up with detailed backup and contingency plans for many of the unexpected situations that Xu Tui had thought of but felt were not important.

After listening to An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui felt that there were no more surprises in the entire plan. All the accidents were planned, including the failure of the mission.

“Remember, only by making your plan the most detailed and comprehensive can you avoid any vicious situations to the greatest extent, especially after you reach the extra-terrestrial,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded heavily, indicating that he had learned something.

At 6:15 p.m., Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue received a message from Ah Huang.

Lu Guanqing had already left the Genetic Research Institute and was driving the flying car alone. The route was normal.

At the same time, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s hearts were also raised. Xu Tui was especially nervous when Lu Guanqing’s flying car deviated from its path. If Lu Guanqing did not come today, although he could wait for the next time, he had to clean up the medicine. Otherwise, if the energy carrier, Rocca Intoxication, were to bewitch the female owner of this room, he would be exposed.

Fortunately, Lu Guanqing had gone to a mall to pick up a pre-ordered gift. After deviating from his normal direction, Lu Guanqing returned to his residence in the Landscape Garden at seven o’clock sharp.

The smell of food had already filled the room. There were four exquisite dishes and a soup. It could be seen that the mistress was a good cook.

In the image transmitted by the simulation machine, Lu Guanqing entered the house, changed his shoes, ate, and even had a glass of wine.

What made Xu Tui depressed was that Lu Guanqing had opened a new bottle of wine today. After the meal, Lu Guanqing would wash up according to the normal pace. The female host would enjoy the massage-like service.

However, Lu Guanqing did not know what day it was today. He took out the gift that he had prepared on the way and surprised his mistress. She took the initiative to kiss him.

As the saying went, when one was full, one would think about lust!

Lu Guanqing broke the previous rhythm on the spot. He had only done that indescribable thing after the essential oil massage.

However, today, because the mistress of the gift was extremely passionate, Lu Guanqing shouted and the curtains of the smart house were drawn. The two of them quickly stripped naked and started fighting in the living room.

Seeing this scene, An Xiaoxue, who was staring at the surveillance footage with Xu Tui, could not take it no matter how cold she usually was.

“Despicable!”

An Xiaoxue turned to the other side with a slight blush. She was monitoring the enemy with her student, but she actually saw such a scene. It was really a little…

“Keep an eye on him. Call me if anything happens.”

“Uh… alright!”

Xu Tui also felt a little awkward.

The mistress of this house had a very good figure. Although it was unethical to watch, Xu Tui reluctantly admired her for the sake of his mission. However, An Xiaoxue, the teacher, was standing at the side and waiting. Xu Tui was a little speechless.

This was not admiration. It was extremely awkward. This was especially so for Xu Tui, who had an instinctive reaction as he watched.

Xu Tui did not want to watch anymore. At this moment, Lu Guanqing, who was fighting, suddenly patted his mistress’s butt. “I’m thirsty.”

The mistress obediently got up from her most intimate state to pour water. She knew very well that Lu Guanqing was not really thirsty. Instead, he was about to reach a certain critical point and wanted to take a break to enjoy himself.

After receiving two cups of water from the water dispenser, the mistress handed one to Lu Guanqing. She watched as Lu Guanqing began to drink the water before she took a small sip. Then, she held the water in her mouth and leaned down.

They could not stop the excitement.

Lu Guanqing snorted. He enjoyed that feeling.

After finishing the cup of water, Lu Guanqing, who was enjoying himself, suddenly felt an inexplicable drowsiness.

“Are I that tired from today?”

Lu Guanqing rubbed his forehead and resisted the drowsiness. He wanted to enjoy himself! However, the drowsiness hit him like a tidal wave. Lu Guanqing closed his eyes slightly and fell asleep on the spot.

Before he fell asleep, Lu Guanqing realized that something was wrong. But it was too late.

The mistress was stunned when she saw Lu Guanqing suddenly fall asleep.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui spread his mental perception. The mistress was startled. She also fell asleep on Lu Guanqing.

Lu Guanqing’s limbs twitched slightly as he was pressed down by his mistress. He seemed to have subconsciously resisted and become alert.@@novelbin@@

Without any hesitation, Xu Tui activated his spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation at the same time. While he lowered Lu Guanqing’s vigilance, he also began to affect Lu Guanqing’s condition so that he could use advanced hypnosis.

“Control first. Enter when I get into their room.”

An Xiaoxue left first.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui sensed An Xiaoxue opening the door and entering Lu Guanqing’s residence. He sensed that An Xiaoxue, who had just entered the room, had a look of disdain on her face when she saw the unconscious Lu Guanqing. She immediately threw a towel over him.

“Alright, I’ll watch. Come over.”

An Xiaoxue sent a message to Xu Tui.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui, who had stepped into Lu Guanqing’s house, finally heaved a sigh of relief. After careful planning and multiple preparations, this matter was considered a success!

“Next, it’s your turn to interrogate him. I do not know any radiation influence-type abilities,” An Xiaoxue said as she looked at Xu Tui.

To be honest, she was also very shocked by Xu Tui’s learning ability. Unknowingly, he had learned a few signature abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. It had to be known that the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence were also known for being difficult to train and slow-moving.

“Let’s give him two injections first.” Xu Tui took out two bottles of medicine.

“What’s this?”

“Truth Serum! After injecting this, I can see even some of the information that he has strongly hinted at through spiritual radiation.”

With a cold expression, Xu Tui injected the two bottles of Truth Serum into Lu Guanqing’s body.

Lu Guanqing was a genetic evolver. His endurance should be very strong!