Chapter 398 - Tian Suqing’S Courage, Lu Guanqing’S Panic (2)

Chapter 398: Tian Suqing’s Courage, Lu Guanqing’s Panic (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Yes.”

Next, Xu Tui racked his brains and asked Lu Guanqing many more questions, but he did not obtain much useful information. Then, Xu Tui had to face another problem.

How to deal with the aftermath. How to deal with Lu Guanqing.

If they were in the extra-terrestrial or outside the Huaxia Sector, Xu Tui might have killed Lu Guanqing. But not in the capital. The unexpected death of a person like Lu Guanqing, who was the vice-chairman of the Genetic Research Institute, would cause an immeasurable storm in the capital.

Tian Suqing from the Capital Special Intelligence Division would probably go crazy. Even though Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had hidden their tracks to the extreme, it was inevitable that they would be discovered.

Therefore, killing Lu Guanqing was actually a very stupid choice.

Xu Tui had come up with a plan to deal with the aftermath before he came. It would be best if he could obtain the relevant evidence and hand it over to the Special Intelligence Division for them to deal with. It would ruin Lu Guanqing’s reputation and put him in jail. If he could not get any evidence, he would have to think of ways to erase all traces.

Of course, if something happened to his mistress, Lu Guanqing would not make a fuss.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had obtained the recording evidence of Lu Guanqing cooperating with Hand Sanitizer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Although it could not be considered solid evidence, the recording was enough for the Special Intelligence Division to use this recording as support to interrogate Lu Guanqing.

However, what happened to Shamera in Niyah made Xu Tui understand something.

It was better to keep a low profile.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were both in the Genetic Mutation Realm. They had used special drugs and methods to quietly take down Lu Guanqing, who had been stuck at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm for almost ten years. They had even obtained a confession.

If this matter were to spread, some people would probably feel insecure! They would be afraid that such a thing would happen to them. They would then begin to deliberately target An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui, causing trouble for them.

He could not repeat Shamera’s mistakes. Although the nature of this matter was not inferior to the Shamera incident, they still had to be careful. After all, to a certain extent, it was a taboo as Lu Guanqing was the director of the Research Institute Number 14.

“Director Tian, I’ve made a major discovery. It might involve some of the higher-ups of the Genetic Research Institute.” Xu Tui first called Tian Suqing.

“What?”

Even though Tian Suqing was the head of the Capital Special Intelligence Division and was used to seeing all kinds of situations, Xu Tui’s words made her break out in a cold sweat.

If the higher-ups of the Genetic Research Institute were really involved in espionage, the consequences would be too serious. If she caused serious losses, she would definitely be punished as the director of the Special Intelligence Division. She might even be fired!

“What situation? Who is involved?” Tian Suqing asked in an extremely serious tone.

“Director Tian, come here and we’ll discuss this in person. Also, it’s best if you come alone. If you really do need to bring someone, you have to bring someone you can trust,” Xu Tui requested.

Tian Suqing could tell that something was not right. However, the consequences of the higher-ups of the Genetic Research Institute being involved in espionage that Xu Tui mentioned were too severe.

“Give me the address. I’ll be right there!”

Twenty minutes later, Tian Suqing brought only a personal guard driver to the Landscape Garden where Lu Guanqing lived.

In reality, after Xu Tui reported the address, Tian Suqing had analyzed that the high-ranking member of the Genetic Research Institute that Xu Tui mentioned might be Lu Guanqing.@@novelbin@@

In this day and age, many people thought that their actions were secretive. However, compared to the pervasive intelligence analysis of the Special Intelligence Division, there were not many secrets.

Even though she was mentally prepared, Tian Suqing was still shocked when she saw Lu Guanqing lying there unconscious.

Tian Suqing did not see An Xiaoxue.

The less trouble, the better. So Xu Tui let An Xiaoxue leave first. Even if they could not hide the fact that An Xiaoxue had been here from the Special Intelligence Division, they could at least keep it a secret from the outside world.

Tian Suqing first listened to the recording of Xu Tui questioning Lu Guanqing and confirmed that there was something wrong with him.

“Xu Tui, you’ve already done so much. You acted first and reported later. Did you come to me to ask me to help you deal with the aftermath?” Tian Suqing’s expression was a little gloomy under Xu Tui’s sudden attack.

“Director Tian, I’m a special expert from the Capital Special Intelligence Division!”

“However, the specially-recruited experts can’t simply attack the Vice-Chairman of the Genetic Research Institute! Even I have to apply to the higher-ups if I want to attack Lu Guanqing under non-emergency circumstances,” Tian Suqing said.

“Then this matter is simple. I discovered Xi Daming’s problem and reported it to you, Director Tian. With Director Tian’s approval, I found Ning Yize and brought out Lu Guanqing. Due to the urgency of the matter, Director Tian had to interrogate Lu Guanqing first,” Xu Tui said unhurriedly.

“Are you teaching me how to do things?” Tian Suqing looked at Xu Tui expressionlessly. “Do you know how troublesome it is to touch Lu Guanqing without permission? Lu Guanqing is Elder Ruan’s man!”

It was Elder Ruan again. Xu Tui was a little speechless, but he was also very dissatisfied with Tian Suqing’s attitude.

“In that case, I’ve made a huge mistake by capturing a higher-up of the Genetic Research Institute who is related to the Purifier Officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization! Alright, if you’re unwilling, I’ll put the recording online. What do you think?”

Xu Tui counterattacked Tian Suqing’s rebuke.

“As for me, at most, I’ll be punished by some people in the future! Could it be that the Genetic Committee will arrest me because I took the initiative to capture a traitor?”

Tian Suqing was stunned. The frost on her angular face turned into a bitter smile.

“How is that possible? I have to catch someone like Lu Guanqing. I will definitely not let them off. However, to deal with someone like Lu Guanqing, the procedure had to be legal. You should have informed me beforehand. If I make some arrangements in advance, there won’t be any problems,” Tian Suqing said.

Xu Tui raised his eyebrows when he heard that. “I’m afraid that you wouldn’t dare.”

“You’re afraid that I won’t dare?” Tian Suqing was stunned. Then, she laughed and extended her hand toward Xu Tui. “Let’s get to know each other again. My name is Tian Suqing.”

“My name is Xu Tui.”

“I have to say that your actions and ability today have impressed me! However, you will also see how bold I, Tian Suqing, am in the future!”

“I look forward to it!”

“Alright, I’ll arrange for the problem to be resolved now. You can continue to control Lu Guanqing. It will take about two to three hours,” Tian Suqing said.

“No problem.”

…

Two and a half hours later, Lu Guanqing slowly woke up. However, the moment he woke up, his expression changed drastically.

Xu Tui’s figure suddenly appeared in his gradually clearing vision. Why would Xu Tui appear in his private residence?

Lu Guanqing’s expression changed drastically! He instinctively wanted to use his superpower to attack Xu Tui. He circulated his mind power, but he did not activate any superpowers.

It was only when Xu Tui looked at him as if he was an idiot that Lu Guanqing suddenly sensed something amiss.

A hat had been placed on his head. It was a lead-shielded alloy cap. This was also called a mental shield hat. No matter how strong a supernatural being was, as long as they wore this hat, their mind power would be blocked and they would not be able to use any superpowers.

Usually, this was the equipment used by the special department to control criminals!

Special department?

It was only at this moment that Lu Guanqing woke up completely. He saw the dozen or so special agents looking at him coldly.

“Do… Do you know who I am? Xu Tui, you’re a student. How dare you barge into my private residence? Also, do you know what the crime of kidnapping the Vice-Chairman of the Genetic Research Institute is? It can be considered treason!” Lu Guanqing roared hysterically.

However, he was panicking deep down!

“Vice-Chairman Lu, you helped others plot against me behind my back, so I also schemed against you. Listen to this first.”

Xu Tui played the recording of him interrogating Lu Guanqing in front of Lu Guanqing. A minute later, Lu Guanqing’s arrogance completely disappeared. He fell into a daze.

Then, Tian Suqing walked over.

“Lu Guanqing, are you going to answer our questions honestly, or are we going to use torture and inject you with the Truth Serum?”

Lu Guanqing’s face was pale.

Did he have a choice?