Chapter 400 - Qiao Shi And Li Jin’S Big Failure (1)

Chapter 400: Qiao Shi and Li Jin’s Big Failure (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Zhuang Ziqiang, this energetic young man, was very reliable. He first went to dozens of districts and circled a few of the target properties. Then, he brought Xu Tui’s parents to take a look at the target properties and personally selected them.

Xu Tui’s parents were actually quite satisfied with the property that Zhuang Ziqiang had chosen. The area of the houses was more than 95 square meters. Some of the three residences even had a small balcony. The environment and property management of the district had been specially inspected. It was not bad.

The only problem was that the price was too high.

The price of 10 million yuan shocked Father Xu and Mother Xu. According to their income, they would have to work for 40 years without eating or drinking before they could barely make a down payment. He immediately told Zhuang Ziqiang that he would not look at it anymore.

However, they also understood that their son, Xu Tui, would have the least trouble when they lived in the capital in the future.

The two old elders said that they were going to buy a house outside the Sixth Ring Road. They only needed two houses that were 70 square meters and below. The two of them shared a room, while Xu Tui shared a room. It was fine as long as there was a kitchen and bathroom.

Home is not where a house is big.

Home is where family is at.

They could save some money and buy a house for Xu Tui in the future.

Zhuang Ziqiang immediately reported the situation to Xu Tui. Xu Tui’s lips twitched as he listened. These were his parents. These were the mentality of his parents. They were always thinking about him. They even said they wanted to save for a bridal house for him.

God knows which university or kindergarten his future wife was in. Where were they in a hurry?

After communicating with Zhuang Ziqiang, Xu Tui chose a residence with a small balcony that his parents preferred. 136 square meters, three bedrooms, two living rooms, and two bathrooms. The eight-square-meter balcony was considered a free space, but the total price was not cheap.

The price was more than 12 million. Including the taxes and various expenses, the total price was close to 13 million.

The key was that it was still very close to the Genetic Evolution College. Moreover, there were many important institutions around. Other than the Genetic Evolution College, there were also many scientific research institutions like the Genetic Research Institute.@@novelbin@@

The security in the capital was already very strong. The security in the scientific research circle would be even better.

According to Zhuang Ziqiang’s suggestion, a loan was the most cost-effective!

What was the most impressive financial management in the world? It was not investing in stocks or investing in the foundation.

It was a loan!

Many could not return the loan of tens of thousands of yuan. However, the most impressive thing was to have a loan of tens of millions of yuan to earn money for oneself.

Of course, there were also those whose capital chains were broken. However, even if their capital chains were broken, their standard of living was still not something that others could imagine.

Zhuang Ziqiang felt that Xu Tui’s first step on the path to riches would be to borrow 10 million yuan.

However, Xu Tui had experienced a lot recently. He had also thought a lot. He was also more determined about what path he should take.

The extra-terrestrial was so exciting. Xu Tui had to go and take a look. Therefore, he chose to pay in full.

What was done could not be undone.

Looking at the money that his son transferred and the property deed that they received, his father, Xu Jianguo, and his mother, Zhang Xiuli, naturally accepted it. They were not pedantic people.

However, they treated this suite as Xu Tui’s bridal house. They would move out when Xu Tui got married in the future. They could even get a small two-bedroom apartment.

As for why they had to move out when their son got married? The reason was simple.

When his mother, Zhang Xiuli, had just married his father, Xu Jianguo, she had also lived with Xu Tui’s deceased grandparents. According to his mother, there was a conflict between the mother and daughter-in-law.

They were simply natural enemies. Everyone was very unhappy.

Later on, his father, Xu Jianguo, gritted his teeth and bought a small two-bedroom apartment, which was the one he sold previously, and they moved out of the house.

Then something magical happened.

The relationship between the mother and daughter-in-law got better! They were extremely close. She often called her daughter-in-law home early to ask her to eat. All the dishes were all delicious.

With this experience, Zhang Xiuli stubbornly believed that it was better for her son to live separately after he got married. Hence, she had all sorts of thoughts.

This was because the second-hand house that they bought had a pretty good renovation.

Zhuang Ziqiang took the funds that Xu Tui had given him and ran around to change the door. He changed some appliances to smart appliances and changed some old facilities. He also changed the kitchen appliances according to Xu Tui’s parents’ wishes.

On December 6th, Xu Tui’s parents finally moved into their new home after staying in the hotel for several days.

On the afternoon of the 7th of December, Xu Tui’s parents followed the rules of their hometown. They held a banquet. They were going to celebrate the housewarming.

However, Xu Tui’s family did not have any relatives or friends in the capital. The most important person who was invited to the housewarming banquet was naturally An Xiaoxue. Then, there was Zhuang Ziqiang, who was exhausted from running. The last one was Cheng Mo! When he was still in Jincheng Prefecture, Cheng Mo would occasionally go to Xu Tui’s house to freeload.

As long as Cheng Mo ate with Xu Tui, he would immediately become a meat-sweeping general. It was also because of this that the head chef, Zhang Xiuli, made a few hard dishes during the housewarming banquet.

Of course, the head chef usually did not cook personally. Those who did were usually the sous-chef, Xu Jianguo.

Previously, Zhang Xiuli had specially asked Xu Tui about An Xiaoxue’s taste. So she made four light and delicious dishes.

The three invited guests arrived at about the same time. However, An Xiaoxue felt awkward when she entered the house.

“Auntie Zhang, I heard from Uncle Xu that you’re afraid of the cold in the winter. I brought you a smart thermostatic foot soaking machine. Try it when you’re free. Uncle Xu, your hobby is similar to my father. This is a box of Maotai and two Huazi. You hide it well.” Zhuang Ziqiang was too good at doing things.

“Brother Zhuang, you’re really generous! I, a student, could only give my uncle Hei Lan Zhou of Jincheng Prefecture.”