Chapter 1606 - 1606: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (4)

Chapter 1606 - 1606: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At this moment, Shui Zhi had no time to think about anything else. He crazily activated his mind power and sensed all the details. He had to dismantle at least two of the three-phase thermal bombs.

With his current strength, he could at most restrict the energy impact of the three three-phase thermal bombs exploding at the same time. He wondered how long the countdown for the five three-phase thermal bombs would be.

Thirty seconds? Or a minute?

Even Shui Zhi, who was once a Planetary realm powerhouse who had surpassed Nine Satellites, broke out in a sweat. If there was a slight mistake, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel would be destroyed. Once it was destroyed, it would take a year or even longer to rebuild it even in the most ideal state.

Once this place was destroyed, the Spiritual Race, who were on an expedition to the solar system, would really become a lone army. At that time, they would have less manpower whenever one died.

Shui Zhi had no choice but to be worried after what had happened to the Muyas. It had to be said that Yang Huai was very sinister. The way he set up the booby traps was very devious. No matter how powerful Shui Zhi’s mental senses were, it still took him nearly three minutes to remove the booby trap.

Three minutes and thirty seconds later, Shui Zhi heaved a sigh of relief when he destroyed all five three-phase thermal bombs.

At this moment, it had been seven minutes since Shui Zhi arrived at Planet X. It was ten minutes since Li Qingping, Anlevich, and the others’ fighter jets evacuated Planet X.

Shui Zhi wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. When he arrived at the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel again, he immediately discovered the remaining quantum teleportation fluctuations.

Has someone been teleported to Planet Y through this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel?

For a moment, Shui Zhi could not understand. Why did the Blue Star

Expeditionary Force send people to Planet Y? Were they tempting fate?

After all, although the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was more stable and powerful, there were at most two high-level Planetary realm powerhouses that could be teleported at a time. They still had to take the risk!

The problem was that it was useless to teleport two high-level Planetary realm experts to Planet Y. The guards of the Spiritual Race’s Planet Y were not weak either. Unless he was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Did the Blue Star have a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse? No!

However, in the previous battle, Blue Star had the ability to kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Huo Qi. If this person went over, he might really cause a huge problem for Planet Y.

At the thought of this, Shui Zhi wanted to contact Planet Y. In an emergency, the fastest way to contact each other was through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Just as Shui Zhi was about to communicate through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, a sudden change occurred. (After a Planetary realm powerhouse is teleported, the quantum fluctuations will vibrate and be in an unstable state. However, something like a letter without any energy fluctuations can still be teleported.)

A drone swooped down at high speed toward the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel with the sound of an air explosion.

Shui Zhi did not mind it at first. He could kill it with a casual wave of his hand, but his mental perception made him realize that this drone was carrying a three-phase thermal bomb.

“Bastard!” Even though Shui Zhi was shrewd, he was still angered at this moment. This was too shameless! Helpless, Shui Zhi could only pounce rorwara nrst. He exploaea tne crone wnen It was 1,000 meters away trom tne intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

From this moment on, Shui Zhi’s aggrieved life began. Every minute, a drone would swoop down from afar at high speed. And Shui Zhi could only attack. However, what was worse was that Shui Zhi did not dare to attack too early, much less rush out to sweep through the possible drones around him.

What if a drone came and blasted the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel when he went to sweep through the other drones?

Then that would be fatal. He had no choice. Shui Zhi could only be trapped in front of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel and counterattack. Every time one came, he would destroy it. He did not dare to leave the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel at all. He could not afford to gamble. He did not dare, either.

More than ten minutes later, Shui Zhi also understood that the Blue Star enemy’s arrangement should be to stall him and buy time for the retreating troops to retreat safely.

So what if he understood? The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was too important. Shui Zhi did not dare to gamble at all! He could not afford to lose!

The 32 drones had stalled Shui Zi for more than 40 minutes. At this point, the retreat of the Blue Star army had exceeded 50 minutes. It was almost time for safety. Shui Zhi continued to guard this place in front of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. He did not dare to slack off at all. He did not even dare to leave. If he was not careful and another drone came, his previous efforts would be wasted!

Of course, the main reason why Shui Zhi did not leave was that the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was intact. If the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been destroyed, Shui Zhi would definitely search for the retreating enemies crazily and start a massacre without any hesitation.

When there were no drones attacking for ten minutes in a row, Shui Zhi roughly determined that the drones left behind by the Blue Star humans should have been exhausted. Even so, he still did not dare to leave.

He could not afford to lose and did not dare to gamble. At this point, the eight retreating fighter jets of the Blue Star had all entered the safety time limit. Even if Shui Zhi chased with all his might now, it would be extremely difficult to catch up to the Aerospace Combat Jets that had already flown for an hour.

Unless there was a direction.

However, while he was dealing with the drone attack, Shui Zhi had already urgently contacted Lang Heng, who had escaped death.

Twenty minutes later, Lang Heng, who had escaped death, carefully rushed over. Before he could speak, he was slapped by Shui Zhi.

“Bastard, you actually abandoned the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel and escaped alone. What if this is destroyed and we become alone?”

Shui Zhi was furious. Lang Heng felt very aggrieved. “Uncle, there are too many enemies. Under such circumstances, if I don’t escape, I will only die…”

After venting his anger with a slap, Shui Zhi understood that it was not easy for Lang Heng to escape. He immediately said, “We have to contact Planet Y immediately to confirm this quantum teleportation…”

Buzz!

Almost the moment Shui Zhi spoke, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel suddenly fluctuated violently, erupting with an ear-piercing whistle. The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel began to flicker crazily.

This was an extremely unstable state of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

In the next moment, the vortex-shaped halo in the intergalactic quantum teleportation tunnel suddenly dissipated like a fairy scattering flowers.

How could Shui Zhi not know what was going on when he saw this scene? This was the collapse of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

However, the anger and grievance in Shui Zhi’s heart were indescribable when he personally witnessed the collapse of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. At this moment, Shui Zhi understood that the three-phase thermal bombs and the drone bombs were actually the Blue Star humans stalling for time.

Shui Zhi completely understood! He had been tricked! He had completely fallen into a trap! He had worked hard for more than an hour and spent a lot of effort. In the end, he was tricked and even watched as the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel collapsed in front of him.

“No!” Amidst an extremely angry roar, Shui Zhi, whose face had turned red, spat out a mouthful of blood. Blood spurted out of his mouth. “Xu Tui, I will definitely kill you!” Shui Zhi spat out blood and roared..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1