Chapter 1608 - 1608: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed And New Discovery (2)

Chapter 1608: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed and New Discovery (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Almost at the same time, the contents of the alarm entered Lang Zong’s ears. “Sir, we have discovered invaders at the fortress. The number is not…

The alarm stopped before he could finish his sentence. With a casual wave of his hand, dozens of components flew out of Lang Zong’s fingers in less than a second and immediately gathered into a blue armor.

In the next moment, Lang Zong instantly rushed out of the base and soared into the sky. Boundless mind power spread out, searching for the enemy.

Hm? Lang Zong was stunned. There were no enemies outside the base fortress.

Suddenly, Lang Zong’s expression changed drastically. A shocking energy fluctuation came from inside the base, and that location was actually the location of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Lang Zong was shocked! How was that possible? Has the Elder Shui Zhi of the solar system been defeated? Otherwise, how could there be enemies on Planet

Just now, Lang Zong had subconsciously thought that there was an enemy invasion. He did not expect the alarm to be reported from the base.

Lang Zong turned around and charged into the base. At the same time, Xu Tui, who was commanding the battle, looked at Long Zong who was shooting toward him from the sky. There were also two other streams of light.

Xu Tui could already sense the aura of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from afar. So far, this aura was the strongest aura he had discovered. He did not find the aura of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The information he had obtained from the captive, Bing Wei, was rather accurate. There was no Nine Satellites Planetary realm on Planet Y. If there really was, who knew how many people Xu Tui’s group would be able to survive?

Although Xu Tui was constantly recovering his mind power, his mind power had only recovered to less than 20%. He suddenly felt that he had to increase his main planet. If his mind power could increase by 70% to 80% or even double, he would really have the confidence to use the foreign body teleportation twice in a row.

“Ullr, Principal Wen, I’ll leave that Eight Satellites to the two of you for the time being. One minute. At least hold him back for a minute.

“Ruan Tianzuo, I’ll leave the Six Satellites on the left to you.

“Yan Lie, Yan Xuejin, Qu Qingshan, I’ll leave the other Five Satellites to you.

“Wen Shao, Lavis, Yin Ba, I’ll leave the other Five Satellites to you.

“Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, bring Cui Xi and the others to kill the other enemies. Try not to leave any survivors.

“Mu Xingluan, support in the middle. Jagren, I will protect your safety. Take care of the safety of everyone present. You don’t have much mind power left. Don’t attack easily.”

Xu Tui gave a series of orders. Due to the fact that there were more people in this teleportation, An Xiaoxue and Jagren, who were in charge of the teleportation, consumed a lot of mind power.

75% of An Xiaoxue’s mind power had disappeared, and 80% of Jagren’s mind power had been consumed. On the surface, the two of them had consumed about the same amount of mind power.

However, in reality, An Xiaoxue had consumed even more of her mind power.

This was because An Xiaoxue’s mind power was stronger than Jagren’s.

Everyone, including Ullr, received the order and rushed towards their targets.

It was already 20 seconds since Xu Tui and the others had entered Planet Y. They had already wiped out a wave of defenders.

When they had just been teleported over, there were Five Satellites here with four Planetary realms, ten quasi-planetary realms, and more than a hundred Transmutation Realms. However, these guards of the Spiritual Race were extremely stunned.

At first, they did not even realize that Xu Tui and the others were enemies. They did not even know the identities of the invaders. After all, in their understanding, it was impossible for enemies to appear in this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

It was only when Xu Tui and the others began to kill them like wolves and tigers that the alarm was raised.

However, it was already a little late.

The first wave of battle ended in 20 seconds.

Whether it was Xu Tui, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, who had already advanced to the Six Satellites, or Wen Xinglun, they were all terrifying existences who could instantly kill enemies one or two levels lower.

“Yanzi, continue to sense and study this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. You have one to two hours at most.”

“Understood. That’s enough.” Yanzi, who was guarding the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, was a little excited. She was especially interested in these things.

At this moment, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were standing side by side. They did not participate in the battle.

An Xiaoxue wanted to assist from the side, but Xu Tui stopped her. “Hurry up and recover your mind power. If you are needed to enhance the next quantum teleportation channel, your mind power will be extremely important.”

“What about the Eight Satellites?” An Xiaoxue was a little worried. After all, Xu Tui’s mind power had run out.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun alone would not be able to kill the Eight Satellites. On the other hand, An Xiaoxue was not worried about the enemies of the Five Satellites and Six Satellites at all.

“He’s just an Eight Satellites. Don’t worry.” Xu Tui’s tone was filled with confidence.

After accumulating combat experience, Xu Tui not only had extremely rich combat experience, but he also had greater confidence in his strength.

It was just the Eight Satellites.

In reality, Xu Tui had a simpler way of fighting in this battle. But he planned to use this battle to familiarize himself with everyone.

This was the first time Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Cui Xi, Luo Murong, Dai Lijun, and the others had fought with the Spiritual Race.

However, none of the members of this wave of expeditionary forces were rookies who had never fought before. Those things that were scared out of their wits by actual combat did not happen..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1