Chapter 1603 - 1603: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (1)

Chapter 1603 - 1603: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ullr’s words made all the Planetary realm powerhouses look at Xu Tui. They also began to think about a question—was the expedition to Planet Y crazy?

Actually, it was really crazy!

Where was the madness of the expedition to Planet Y?

First of all, where was Planet Y?

On the other side of this intergalactic quantum teleportation tunnel, which was also in the Milky Way, was the galaxy ruled by the Spiritual Race.

In other words, if they expedition to Planet Y and kill their way into the

Spiritual Race’s Star Field, they would be surrounded by enemies from all sides. Furthermore, they might have to face an endless stream of enemies. Moreover, the enemy would be very powerful.

Secondly, there was something else that was fatal. There was no way back.

From the looks of it, there was no way back from the expedition to Planet Y.

At least not at the moment.

As long as the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements, Shui Zhi, rushed over, Planet X would definitely fall back into the hands of the Spiritual Race. The troops that were expeditioning to Planet Y would not be able to return before they recaptured Planet X.

What was the point of going deep into the enemy’s territory and being surrounded by enemies on all sides without a way back? In the eyes of the Planetary realms, it was no different from tempting fate.

Expeditioning to Planet Y was tempting fate! On the contrary, if they used the Aerospace Combat Jet to retreat separately, their chances of survival would be higher.

Xu Tui looked at everyone looking at him. He knew that this was not the time to be long-winded. He would use the shortest and most direct language to express the problem.

“If the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, rushes to Planet X, what does he value the most? Or rather, what is most important to him on Planet X?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s naturally the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel,” the Planetary realm powerhouse from Area 7 , Masayoshi Zhongsheng, said.

“If the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel is destroyed, Shui Zhi will vent his anger on everyone who is retreating separately. He will pursue you at all costs.

“However, if the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was not destroyed, Shui Zhi would definitely check on the situation of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, especially when he knew that someone was attacking Planet Y. He had to confirm the safety of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel first.

“At the same time, Shui Zhi did not dare to leave Planet X to chase after you before anyone else came. Otherwise, we could have completely destroyed the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet X,” Xu Tui said.

“In that case, we will be safe if we retreat. Or rather, the longer we drag Shui Zhi into Planet X, the longer our retreat will be and the safer it will be,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“That’s exactly what I want.”

“But if we don’t destroy this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, our Planet X Expedition Force will be meaningless, right?” Ganjiv asked in confusion.

“This is the meaning of continuing the expedition to Planet Y. The effect will be the same if the other end is destroyed,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui’s temporary plan to continue his expedition to Planet Y was very stunning. From a strategic perspective, Xu Tui had successfully convinced them, but…

“Most importantly, who’s going on the expedition? If fewer people go, they’ll be tempting fate. If too many people go, they won’t be able to return. They’ll also be tempting fate.” Ullr asked the most important question.

As soon as he said that, all the Planetary realm experts present looked at Xu Tui. They were all considering a problem. Expeditioning to Planet Y was tempting fate. If Xu Tui, as the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, ordered them to go on an expedition, what would they do?

Reject? Or was he going to die?

“Of course it’s me. I’ll be the one to tempt fate.” Xu Tui said this decision confidently. Everyone present had an indescribable illusion.

Was he sending himself to his death? It did not look like it.

“Of course, Mr. Jagren. In order to bring many people through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in a more stable manner, I need your help,” Xu Tui said.

Jagren pondered for a moment and agreed. “I’m willing to serve. It would be my honor if I can die in battle with the commander of the Demon Slayers of the Blue Star! In the future, my name will definitely be on the main monument of the Blue Star’s extra- terrestrial war memorial.”

Seeing that Jagren had agreed, Xu Tui did not waste any more time. “Alright, time is tight. The rest of you, immediately board eight Aerospace Combat Jets and return to Eris Star according to the route planned by the artificial intelligence. I will try my best to restrain Shui Zhi here. In terms of probability, all of you should have a chance to return to Eris Star alive.”

“Commander, I’ll go with you,” Li Qingping took the initiative to say.

“Uncle Li, I understand your intentions, but you can’t. Moreover, only by going back and conveying the situation here to Mr. Shang and the principal so they can be at ease. Otherwise, they might not feel at ease.” After saying this, Xu Tui sent a voice transmission to Li Qingping with his consciousness, “Uncle Li, I still have something important to tell you. It concerns how I will return.” With this, Li Qingping no longer insisted. However, Wen Xinglun and Mei Sen, who were at the side, smiled at the same time and said, “There’s no reason for Senior to go on an expedition to die behind the enemy. I, the former principal, will turn around and live a miserable life.”

When Xu Tui returned a smile, he asked An Xiaoxue, “Xiaoxue, have you calculated how many people you and Mr. Jagren can teleport at once if you join forces?”

“The quantum frequency of this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel is stronger, and the enhancement effect is better. I can currently teleport five to eight Planetary realm experts at once..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1