Chapter 1604 - 1604: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (2)

Chapter 1604 - 1604: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“With Mr. Jagren’s help, I should be able to teleport 10 to 15 Planetary realm experts. It would be safer for those below the Planetary realm. However, with so many people teleporting at once, there’s a high chance that Mr. Jagren and I will use up half of our mind power. We might even run out,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui calculated. There were a total of 11 Planetary realm experts in their team, including him. However, Xu Tui planned to let Yin Liu return. The return date of this expedition to Planet Y was uncertain.

Planet Peach could give up at any time, but planets like Planet Liuxia had to have a certain level of defense.

There were not many Planetary realm experts left behind. Including the Spiritual Queen who had broken through, there were only Bu Qingqiu and the other five. Furthermore, there were no high-level Planetary realm experts. When Yin Liu returned, it could be considered as strengthening his strength. At the same time, it could also be considered as stabilizing people’s hearts.

“Principal Wen, only one of you and Principal Mei can go. There’s one person who has to return to Ceres Star to report his safety and take care of my territories.” Xu Tui immediately made a decision.

It was not enough to let Li Qingping and Yin Liu go back to report. There had to be another one to be safe. Soon, a decision was made. Wen Xinglun followed Xu Tui on his expedition. Mei Sen returned.

Other than the Planetary realm experts of the Worldly Demon Slayers, Xu Tui also participated in the expedition. Xu Tui was not at ease letting these quasi-planetary experts return just like that. He would cry to death if they were killed by Ullr or even Ganjiv.

This way, Xu Tui took nearly half of his men and continued his expedition to

Planet Y.

There were eight Aerospace Combat Jets. Three to four people boarded one. Even if Shui Zhi caught up to one of the Aerospace Combat Jets, only two to three people would die. The losses were completely within the acceptable range.

Moreover, according to Xu Tui’s plan, everyone might be able to return safely. However, just as all the Planetary realm powerhouses were about to board the plane, Ullr, who had been thinking about something, suddenly said, “Commander Xu, I’m prepared to go to Planet Y with you.”

Xu Tui was not the only one who was stunned when he heard that. Even the other Planetary realm powerhouses were stunned.

Wasn’t that illogical?

While Xu Tui was confused, Wen Shao’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Commander, I reckon that Ullr is suspicious! Ullr probably thought that you wanted to use them as bait to fight for the survival of everyone in your team.

Or perhaps, he felt that it was safer to follow you under such circumstances. This guy seems to be more afraid of death.”

Wen Shao was quite good at studying the human heart. After all, those who could become professors at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were dragons among men.

Wen Shao’s analysis was most likely correct. Ullr had many twists and turns. “Are you and everyone under you going on an expedition with me?” “Of course!”

“Ullr, I welcome your courage. However, I’m very sorry. My teleportation ability is limited. If three more Seven Satellites were to appear at once, I’m afraid I won’t be able to teleport over. At most, one of the three of you can follow me to Planet Y,” Xu Tui said.

Ullr seemed to be struggling at this moment. He was conflicted about Xu Tui’s true intentions. Which side was safer? A second later, Ullr made a decision. “Then get my two subordinates to turn around. I’ll go with you to Planet Y.”

“Good, you have courage!”

“I want to go on an expedition to Planet Y too.”

Xu Tui was stunned again when he heard this voice. The person who was taking the initiative to expedition to Planet Y this time was actually Ruan Tianzuo. Needless to say, Xu Tui understood the moment Ruan Tianzuo spoke. Ruan Tianzuo most likely had the same thoughts as Ullr.

Two sly old foxes.

After all, in their opinion, it was impossible for Xu Tui to bring his wife (An Xiaoxue) and the elites of the Worldly Demon Slayer Team to their deaths. Since they were not going to their deaths, did that mean that Xu Tui’s side had a higher chance of survival?

“Alright.” Xu Tui happily agreed. If he did not agree to these two sly old foxes, there was a high chance that he would cause trouble.

In any case, these two guys were very strong. Xu Tui was confident that he could suppress them under most circumstances. The benefits of leading them on an expedition to Planet Y outweighed the disadvantages.

“Is there anyone else who wants to follow me on the expedition? The last spot is only limited to those below the Five Satellites. Teleportation will not be safe if there are too many of them,” Xu Tui asked freely.

The other Planetary realms shook their heads after some thought. After all, the chances of returning safely to Eris Star were still very high if the eight fighter jets retreated separately.

“Alright, leave immediately. Ah Huang, load all the drones of the various fighter jets with three-phase thermal bombs and release them. Set up an attack pattern in advance and cruise at a low altitude and high speed on Planet X.

“Cui Xi, set up a portion of the three-phase thermal bombs on a timer around the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

“Yang Huai, set up booby traps using the three-phase thermal bombs at the entrance of the intergalactic quantum teleportation tunnel. However, pay attention. Don’t set it up too strangely. We have to let Shui Zhi discover and stop it. Our goal is to waste as much time as possible.”

“Understood.”

Xu Tui gave a series of orders. Finally, he looked at the members of the Demon Slayer Team. “Everyone, if you want to withdraw from the expedition to Planet

Y, it’s not too late to withdraw..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1