Chapter 1601 - 1601: The Survival Path Of The Expedition In Desperation (3)

Chapter 1601: The Survival Path of the Expedition in Desperation (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ah Huang’s data calculation results made everyone’s hearts sink again. There was a high chance that the three fighter jets would be caught. This also meant that 40% of the people in Planet X’s expeditionary army would die on the spot. Nearly half of them sacrificed themselves in exchange for the safety of the other half.

This price was not small. However, to a certain extent, it was the only choice at the moment. This was even without exposing the node of the cosmic tunnel of

Eris Star. If a captive accidentally exposed their destination, there was a possibility that they would all be wiped out.

“Commander Xu, make a decision quickly.” Ullr became anxious when he saw that Xu Tui was still thinking. He had a seriously injured person, Cadron. “Commander Xu, if we set off a second earlier, one of the fighter jets might be able to survive.”

Xu Tui stared at Ullr. Ullr, who was about to rush him, immediately felt a chill in his heart when he saw Xu Tui, who had just killed a Nine Satellites. He immediately shut up.

“Be prepared to retreat at any time. Ah Huang, plan a detour for the various fighter jets.” After giving the order, Xu Tui took out a Soul Crystal from the quantum dimensional space.

This Soul Crystal sealed the mental body of Planet X’s Bing Wei. He originally had the possibility of capturing the mental body of the Eight Satellites, Kun Yuan. However, Xu Tui had exhausted too much of his mind power, so he ordered Ullr and the other lightning-type supernatural beings to kill him.

Xu Tui managed to capture the mental body of the commander of Planet X, Bing Wei, with the cooperation of An Xiaoxue. He then sealed it and prepared to interrogate it slowly in the future.

At this critical moment, Xu Tui took it out first and prepared for an emergency interrogation.

After all, in the past hundred years of war, among the three races, the Muyas were the craziest and had the least number of surrenders. Among the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race, there were many who were afraid of death and surrendered.

Xu Tui did not waste any time the moment Bing Wei’s mental body was released. He went straight to the point when he used his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and Spiritual Concealment.

“Who are the reinforcements from Ceres Star? You know that our time is very tight. Next, it’s our life and death moment. If you don’t answer or stall for time, we won’t have time to play with you. I would kill you before the reinforcements appeared! On the contrary, if you cooperate, I can give you a suitable body in the future and let you live. You choose! You only have three seconds to consider.’

“Three!”

“Two!”

“Elder Shui Zhi, it’s confirmed that it’s Elder Shui Zhi.” As a commander, Bing

Wei was extremely rational, but it was also extremely beneficial. He immediately chose to live. He knew very well that this was not the time to talk nonsense with Xu Tui and the others.

“Very good. Your choice is very good. Second question, do you have the authority to open this underground fortress?”

“After activating the emergency tunnel, it can only be opened from the inside.”

“Is there a self-destruction mode?”

“Yes, but I can’t activate self-destruction after activating emergency assistance. ”

“There should be an additional safe tunnel, right? Can I go in?”

“There’s an additional safe tunnel that can only allow one person to pass through. However, it can only be opened from the inside. If it’s destroyed from the outside, it will immediately be blocked!”

“F*ck! ” When he heard this answer, all possibilities were cut off. Ullr, who was anxious to escape, instantly became angry. Lightning surrounded his body. He almost felt like he was about to blast Bing Wei cultivators away, but he was glared back by Xu Tui.

“Commander, there are still five minutes.”

“Prepare to retreat separately. One-eighth or one-fourth of the death rate… I’m sorry. I brought you into danger.”

Everyone looked dejected. This was an inspiring victory. However, no one expected that an extremely powerful Nine Satellites reinforcement would cause a quarter or a third of the warriors to fall into a certain death.

Of course, in terms of results, the significance of this expedition to Planet X was still extremely great. It was even a landmark. At the very least, they had destroyed the endless reinforcements of the Spiritual Race.

In the future, even if the Spiritual Race wanted to establish such a channel again, it might take several years. Otherwise, if the Spiritual Race continued to accumulate power like this, they would only need another Nine Satellites.

If the three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts joined forces, they would be able to sweep through the Blue Star.

The results were enough! If there was a sacrifice, it was worth it!

However, Xu Tui felt very uncomfortable that he had to sacrifice at least a quarter of the participants even though he had won. He could not accept it.

Unfortunately, an hour. Xu Tui would need at least another hour before he could use the foreign body teleportation again.

“Yanzi, you don’t have much time left. Can you leave through this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel? If you can’t, retreat with us. Then, it will depend on your luck.” Xu Tui sent a message to Yanzi, who was sensing another intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

On Planet X, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that connected Planet Y and the quantum teleportation channel that connected Ceres Star were divided into two bases. It was also because quantum Teleportation did not interfere with each other.

“This intergalactic quantum teleportation channel seems to be able to be activated,” Yanzi said.

At the same time, the rare spatial Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, Jagren, also had a result. In the past two years, Jagren had already broken through to the Four Satellites Planetary realm. This time, he was recruited by Xu Tui to participate in the battle.

“Sorry!” Under everyone’s gazes, Jagren shook his head helplessly. “This underground base has many shielding materials. My short-range spatial teleportation ability can only teleport a person through a layer of obstacles at most..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1