Chapter 1602 - 1602: The Survival Path Of The Expedition In Desperation(4)

Chapter 1602 - 1602: The Survival Path of the Expedition in Desperation(4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“And it has to be without a shield.”

Everyone was speechless again. Jagren, a space-type supernatural being in the Planetary realm, had also destroyed the last hope that everyone had for destroying the quantum teleportation channel.

Xu Tui had basically expected this outcome. Even his teleportation could not do it. His teleportation could only teleport to places where there were no absolute obstacles and where his mind power might touch.

Xu Tui’s mind power could only touch three levels of the underground fortress. There were five levels in the fortress.

“The rest of you, prepare to retreat! Ullr, Anlevich, Ruan Tianzuo, Ganjiv, let’s work together to collapse this underground fortress and its safe passageway as much as possible. If we can stall Shui Zhi for another minute, we will be able to win an additional chance of survival.” Xu Tui made a final decision.

Even if the Nine Satellites Planetary realm could rush out of the collapsed ruins, it would definitely take time.

“Xu Tui, I’ve already made a plan to retreat separately. With all due respect, the current plan to retreat separately is too risky. In the end, half of them might die on the spot. If we were unlucky, two-thirds of us might die on the spot. The probability of you and Xiaoxue dying in battle might be as high as 70% or even more than 90%.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Why?” Xu Tui, who was instantiating the Mountain Seal and attacking the fortress, asked with a frown.

“If you were Shui Zhi and chased after an Aerospace Combat Jet, would you interrogate him alive? If he knew your general direction, would he prioritize chasing after you?”

Xu Tui was silent. He had admitted Ah Huang’s words. Would anyone confess? Xu Tui felt that there would be someone. After all, life and death were extremely terrifying. Everyone was a mortal. Moreover, supernatural beings were mysterious and unpredictable.

“Then why did you say that two-thirds of the Planet X expeditionary army would die in battle?” This was what Xu Tui was most concerned about. If he tried his luck, he would only lose a fifth or a quarter of the expeditionary army at most. Xu Tui, or rather, the Blue Star, could still withstand it.

But two-thirds…

“Have you forgotten about Lang Heng, the Seven Satellites who escaped? He shouldn’t have escaped too far. If he cooperates with Shui Zhi…”

Ah Huang’s reminder made Xu Tui’s expression change. They had indeed forgotten about Lang Heng. In an instant, beads of sweat rolled down Xu Tui’s forehead. If that was the case, the losses in this battle would be too great!

If Lang Heng cooperated with Shui Zhi, not to mention two-thirds, if they were unlucky, there was an 80% chance that the Planet X expeditionary army would die in battle.

No! Xu Tui thought. No way. He could not let that happen. If that really happened, Xu Tui would become a sinner of the Blue Star.

Absolutely not.

The moment this thought flashed through his mind, Xu Tui suddenly looked in Yanzi’s direction. In a flash, an extremely bold military plan appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

Planet Y!

“Xiaoxue, quickly go and take a look at the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. Can you magnify the quantum teleportation fluctuations? Hurry!” Xu Tui sent a mental voice transmission.

An Xiaoxue was stunned for a moment. She immediately understood what Xu Tui meant. She turned into a silver light and quickly flashed toward the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel where Yanzi was.

“Jagren, you should go too. You also have the ability to strengthen the quantum teleportation channel. You should try and see if you can strengthen this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel,” Xu Tui ordered.

Jagren did not react to Xu Tui’s intentions, but he still followed Xu Tui’s orders and rushed over.

Jagren had displayed a similar ability during the Moon defense battle. In less than a minute, Xu Tui, Anrevich, Ullr, and the others had destroyed the tunnel of the underground fortress and the other safe tunnel.

This was especially so after Xu Tui’s continuous attacks. He had destroyed at least three to four floors. At this level of collapse, even a Nine Satellites

Planetary realm powerhouse would need three to four minutes to escape.

“Then hurry up and retreat.” After doing all of this, Ullr, Anlevich, Ganjiv, and the others urged.

Xu Tui did not say anything. Instead, he looked in the direction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. Ten seconds later, An Xiaoxue and Jagren’s voices sounded at the same time.

“Can! Coupled with the Rabbit Taichong Seal, I can magnify the quantum fluctuations of this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. It could also teleport more people than ordinary quantum teleportation channels. However, I’m not sure about the stability. After all, I’ve never tried it before,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I can temporarily strengthen the stability of this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, but I’m not too sure how much I can strengthen it,” Jagren said.

“Can we do it now? How long do we have to wait for the teleportation?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“We can carry out the teleportation now. I estimate that we will need to invest tens of thousands of grams of Origin Crystals,” Yanzi replied.

“I need a minute or two to prepare.”

“I also need a minute or two to prepare.”

Xu Tui was overjoyed when An Xiaoxue and Jagren’s voices sounded at the same time. “That’s great. As expected, there is always a way out!

“Xiaoxue, give me a more specific number. That is, how many people can pass through at once? Under the premise of ensuring the safety of the quantum teleportation channel, try your best to be more specific,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, one minute.”

“Everyone, wait another minute.” While everyone was stunned, Xu Tui said, “I have a brand new plan. This plan can allow most of us, or even everyone, to return home safely.”

“What plan?” Ullr was the most anxious.

“Continue the expedition to Planet Y!”

“You’re crazy!” Ullr exclaimed the moment Xu Tui finished speaking..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1