Chapter 1605 - 1605: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (3)

Chapter 1605 - 1605: Shui Zhi Vomited Blood (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

No one said anything. Xu Tui waved his fist slightly. “Thank you for your trust, but please believe me. I will do my best to bring you home.”

At this moment, the scheming Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo looked at each other. They suddenly had a bad feeling. Were the two of them too smart for their own good? Was Xu Tui really helping others restrain Shui Zhi and create a chance of survival for others?

However, this did not change their thoughts about being safer with Xu Tui.

The eight retreating fighter jets had already rushed out of the atmosphere of Planet X. Information jamming bombs swayed in the sky and exploded, trying their best to chaos the energy fluctuations here.

At the same time, the drones carrying the three-phase thermal bombs had already begun to cruise around. Ah Huang had set up a smart attack mode.

Two minutes later, the fluctuations of the underground quantum teleportation channel that had been fluctuating suddenly stabilized.

Shui Zhi was about to arrive.

“Xiaoxue, Jagren, prepare for teleportation.”

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Seal instantly flew out. Jagren’s body also emitted a strong mind power fluctuation. The intergalactic quantum teleportation fluctuation channel suddenly gave everyone an indescribable feeling.

“Everyone, enter the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. Prepare for teleportation.”

Yang Huai also immediately ended the mine-laying mission and stepped into the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. Thirty seconds later, an extremely terrifying Planetary realm powerhouse’s aura seeped through the layers of fortresses. There was also an angry roar.

The reinforcements had already realized that Planet X had been lost when the underground fortress was attacked.

“Two-second countdown for the three-phase thermal bomb in the fortress tunnel. All drones, enter the planned attack mode. Teleportation, Planet Y!”

Almost as soon as the teleportation began, Ruan Tianzuo could no longer hold back his thoughts. He asked anxiously, “Commander, there shouldn’t be any Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses on Planet Y, right?”

“There’s no information at the moment…

Amidst the intense quantum fluctuations and the earth-shattering explosions in the distance, Xu Tui’s voice and the expedition team to Planet Y disappeared.

A minute later, when the energy fluctuations of the explosion subsided, ice spears blasted up from 2,000 meters deep in the underground fortress. Every time they blasted out a gap, frost would surge over and solidify into a tunnel.

Fifty seconds later, a frozen tunnel that could barely accommodate one person was formed. Shui Zhi, who had turned into a blue light, flew up from the ground.

Xu Tui’s previous prediction was that Shui Zhi would need three minutes to escape from the ground. However, in reality, it only took two minutes. It was a minute faster than expected. To a certain extent, Shui Zhi’s strength was stronger than Xu Tui and the others had expected.

The moment he flew out of the ground, Shui Zhi’s terrifying mind power spread out in all directions like mercury.

The entire base on Planet X was covered by Shui Zhi’s mind power.

In the next moment, Shui Zhi exclaimed, “He killed Huo Qi and Kun Yuan? The earth-element supernatural being of the Eight Satellites, Kun Yuan, has combat strength comparable to the Nine Satellites. How is that possible…?”

While he was still in a daze, Shui Zhi’s expression turned ugly. He instantly slapped out with his palm, and a huge water handprint grabbed the ground a thousand meters in front of him. A three-phase thermal bomb exploded at the same time. The energy shockwave that exploded was all enveloped by the huge water handprint.

The water handprint expanded three times. The energy fluctuations of the three-phase thermal bomb disappeared, but Shui Zhi’s water handprint was intact.

In the next moment, Shui Zhi looked in the direction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. He was surprised but overjoyed when he saw that the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was intact.

Just as Xu Tui had determined, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet X was the most important to Shui Zhi.

Seeing that the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was intact, they immediately pounced over.

However, just as he pounced over, Shui Zhi’s quicksilver-like mental perception discovered more than a dozen three-phase thermal bombs. One of them was already on the verge of exploding.

At this moment, Shui Zhi did not dare to take any chances.

Who knew if the enemy had set up so many three-phase thermal bombs to stop him or to destroy the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel? Therefore, Shui Zhi had to stop these three-phase thermal bombs from exploding continuously.

The three-phase thermal bomb could not hurt him, but it could destroy the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Even though Shui Zhi was at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, it still took him more than a minute to extinguish the explosive fluctuations of 20 three-phase thermal bombs with extremely powerful strength.

He had also consumed a lot of his strength. However, when Shui Zhi pounced in front of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, his heart skipped a beat.

There was a fluctuation in the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. He did not have the time to think about it. What was worse was that there were at least five three-phase thermal bombs that he could see at a glance at the entrance of the quantum teleportation channel.

With his mind power, he could immediately tell that the five of them were cleverly connected. As long as he touched one of them, the other four might be detonated.

With his intelligence, he would be able to retreat unscathed even if the five three-phase thermal bombs exploded at the same time. At most, he would be injured.

However, the problem was that as long as these three-phase thermal bombs exploded, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel would definitely be destroyed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1