Chapter 1609 - 1609: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed And New Discovery (3)

Chapter 1609: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed and New Discovery (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, my spider people have already arrived at the command center, but they can’t enter. I’ve already found the network signal of the base, but it will take time to invade. It’s best to hack from the hardware. That way, it’ll be faster.” Ah Huang’s feedback came at the same time.

“Wait here.”

The battle situation went smoother than Xu Tui had imagined.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun, one of them was a Seven Satellites lightning-type, while the other was a Three Satellites who had the combat strength of a Four Satellites lightning-type supernatural being. The two of them moved at high speed and continuously bombarded Lang Zong. Lang Zong was so angry that he screamed, but he could not hit the enemy.

Even if he used a large-scale attack, the two of them could rely on their speed to dodge.

“In the world of martial arts, speed is invincible!” These words suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

Ruan Tianzuo’s performance was not bad either. Yan Lie, Yan Xuejin, and Qu Qingshan’s performance was even more stunning. With the cooperation of the three of them, they were about to kill their opponent of the Five Satellites.

In comparison, Wen Shao, Yin Ba, and Lavis’ performance were much inferior. The three of them, one Two Satellites, and two Three Satellites, could barely hold back their Five Satellites opponents. Their safety would be a problem if they continued to fight, let alone suppress them.

Of course, Xu Tui understood the difference. The seal of the Heavenly Court. Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin had the enhancement and cooperation of the Eight Extremes Seal. Their performance was extremely outstanding.

At this moment, Xu Tui was actually using the actual combat to test the strength of the various small teams in the expeditionary army.

However, due to the time limit, Xu Tui’s test only lasted a minute. He did not dare to delay for too long. The situation was easy to change if it dragged on. In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power and threw Little Six, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Carillo out of the quantum dimensional chain space.

Xu Tui’s Spiritual Concealment main star moved slightly. The illusory reality was activated.

Almost instantly, Shui Zhi suddenly appeared not far from the Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Lang Zong.

Shui Zhi’s appearance made Lang Zong’s attention divert slightly. He had originally noticed the sudden appearance of a few Seven Satellites auras, but in his surprise, he also saw the main elder, Shui Zhi.

After all, in the opinion of Lang Zong, as long as the main elder, Shui Zhi, came, it would not be a problem for eight to ten Seven Satellites to come.

The question was, how did the main elder, Shui Zhi, come over?

“Lord Elder, you’re here? When did you come?” Lang Zong had a surprised expression. An indescribable feeling of swamp suddenly appeared in all directions, making Lang Zong feel extremely dangerous.

The realistic characteristics of the main planet’s force field of mind power.

Almost at the same time, Little Six’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “The formation has been formed. The volley mode is activated.”

Five beams of light that emitted a terrifying aura blasted towards Lang Zong. At this moment, Lang Zong instinctively wanted to dodge. However, the sudden restriction made him feel as if he had fallen into a swamp, causing his speed to become extremely slow.

“Elder, save me!” Lang Zong shouted in fear and asked Shui Zhi for help. An extremely powerful energy fluctuation erupted around Lang Zong. He was saving himself. However, the joint fire of the five Seven Satellites Heavenly Court generals was not for show.

Xu Tui had basically understood the characteristics of the guards of the Heavenly Court. The guards of the Heavenly Court were better at group operations. They were good at forming formations for defense. As long as they set up an energy array and enhanced each other, the more people there were, the stronger their defense would be.

At the same time, they were also good at collective fire. The volley of arrows that formed an array was extremely powerful. If the number of people reached a certain level, even the Nine Satellites would not dare to take it head-on. Of course, the weakness of the guards of the Heavenly Court was that they were

not good at individual battles.

During individual battles, their strength would be greatly weakened.

Xu Tui first used the illusory reality to deceive Lang Zong. Then, he gave Little Six and the others a chance to set up an array and shoot. In the next moment, under the terrified roars of Lang Zong, the combined attacks of Little Six and the others shattered his body.

Lang Zong’s mental body instantly escaped. However, what made Lang Zong collapse was that even though his physical body had been destroyed, his uncle, Shui Zhi, his most trusted elder, still looked at him coldly. He did not say a word or take any action.

He did not save him!

“Save me, Elder!” Lang Zong, who had just escaped with his mental body, was struck by Ullr and Wen Xinglun’s lightning. In his panic, he was hit by Wen Xinglun’s lightning and his mental body shrank on the spot.

The words ‘destroy of soul’ appeared in Lang Zong’s mind. Despair rose! Not only was Lang Zong in despair, but he also had hatred. He hated his most trusted elder, Shui Zhi. Why did he not save him?

Why? Could it be that Elder Shui Zhi had defected?

Before this, Lang Zong would definitely not believe anyone who said that Elder Shui Zhi had betrayed them. However, at this moment, in a desperate situation, he had personally experienced Shui Zhi leaving him in the lurch.

An extremely ridiculous thought suddenly appeared in Lang Zong’s mind. Only the fact that Shui Zhi had betrayed the Spiritual Race could explain all of his current doubts.

Why could the Blue Star humans reach Planet Y from Planet X? That was because Shui Zhi had betrayed them. Why did Elder Shui Zhi leave him in the lurch? Because Shui Zhi had betrayed them!

At the thought of this, Lang Zong, who only had his mental body left, felt nothing but despair and hatred. It was even filled with resentment!

Shui Zhi, even if you want to defect, you have to bring me along.. Why did he have to watch him tempt fate?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1