Chapter 1607 - 1607: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed And New Discovery (1)

Chapter 1607 - 1607: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed and New Discovery (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lang Zong was the commander guarding Planet Y.

Originally, Lang Zong was not in charge of guarding Planet Y. Ten months ago, when the main elder, Shui Zhi, brought people to the solar system, Lang Zong took over the defense of Planet Y.

Just from his surname, Lang Zong was a trusted aide of the main elder, Shui Zhi.

Back then, when they had confirmed the candidates for the expedition to the solar system, Shui Zhi, who was ranked last, had agreed to sacrifice his cultivation and head to the solar system under the powerful orders of the Great Elder, Xu Yi.

However, the Sanctuary was not an area where one person’s words went.

Although Shui Zhi had accepted the mission to personally expedition to the solar system at the cost of his cultivation, he also had his conditions. For example, the number of reinforcements and candidates for the next three years had to be decided in advance, and it had to be based on his will. For example, he had to be the commander of Planet Y.

There were also factions and conflicts within the Spiritual Race. Shui Zhi had such a request because he was afraid that someone would cause trouble for him behind his back.

Lang Zong, a Eight Satellites Planetary realm, condescended to guard an extremely desolate and unprosperous planet like Planet Y.

However, in the past year, because the seal on the solar system had continued to weaken, the teleportation ability of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had continued to increase. The importance of Planet Y has continued to increase.

Other than the main military base, a living base had been developed.

The living base was also to provide the necessary and comfortable living services to the 1,000-odd garrisons here, including the families of some of the garrisons.

Among the 1,000-odd garrisons, 1,000 of them were all at the Genetic Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm below the quasi-planetary realm.

Of course, one should not underestimate these Genetic Transmutation Realm and Evolution Realm experts. With the help of the fortifications, it would not be a problem for them to kill ordinary Planetary realm experts if they mobilized their combat strength.

However, the one who really took on the defense of Planet Y was the Planetary Defense Commander, Lang Zong, a water-type supernatural being with the strength of Eight Satellites.

There was also a Five Satellites and a Four Satellites Planetary realm under

Lang Zong. There were also eight Planetary realms from One to Three Satellites and 30 quasi-planetary realms.

There were a total of two Defense Brigades that guarded the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel and patrolled the surroundings. Other than that, Planet Y also had three other Planetary realm powerhouses in the Five Satellites and Six Satellites.

These were all Elder Shui Zhi’s subordinates. After the fluctuations in the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel ended, they would head to Planet X to support the solar system expedition.

At the same time, a large number of resources were also waiting to be transported.

Speaking of which, the responsibility of the Lang Zong was huge. This was especially so for Shui Zhi. Before he left, he specially instructed the Lang Zong to be vigilant at all times. This was because Planet Y was his way out. However, what Shui Zhi asked him to be careful of was not the possible attack of the Blue Star humans.

Under normal circumstances, the humans of the Blue Star would not dare or could not kill their way to Planet Y. What Shui Zhi wanted the Lang Zong to be careful of was the internal problems of the Spiritual Race.

If Lang Zong made a mistake and allowed Shui Zhi’s enemies to obtain Planet Y, it would be like a chokehold on Shui Zhi’s neck.

Therefore, the focus of Planet Ys defense was to the outside world, which was the kind of space pirates that might appear in the Star Field. The other was to follow the rules and not make any mistakes.

Lang Zong was deeply moved by this point. Especially 50 days ago, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Lord Huo Qi, arrived. He then waited on Planet Y for a full 18 days before being teleported to Planet Y.

In the past 18 days, Lang Zong had been serving Huo Qi carefully like a grandson, afraid that he would anger this lord and find fault with him.

Fortunately, he had already sent this lord to Planet X.

According to the plan, the next Nine Satellites Planetary realm would arrive in a month. He would have a more comfortable month. His main mission was to patrol the two combat brigades under his command. He did not want to be taken advantage of by some space pirates.

Some space pirates referred to people who might be instructed to impersonate them.

In any case, normal space pirates would not dare to come to Planet Y. Firstly, there was nothing to plunder here. Secondly, if a space pirate really attacked this place, the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary would not be for show.

Under the anger of the elders of the Sanctuary, the ancestors of the space pirates could be dug out.

The main mission of Lang Zong was to be careful to prevent others from gossiping about them. They wanted to prevent their position as the commander of Planet Y from being taken away. There were many factions within the Spiritual Race. According to Elder Shui Zhi, the success of the solar system expedition was imminent. Many people wanted to pick fruits.

Why did he say that success was imminent?

This was because according to Elder Shui Zhi, after the third Nine Satellites expert arrived on Planet X from Planet Y a month later, coupled with the large number of elites who had been teleported over in the past six months, it would be time for them to launch a general attack.

At that time, the entire solar system would be theirs!

As long as they took down the solar system, even if Lang Zong did not step foot into the solar system, with the contribution of guarding Planet Y, it was still possible for them to become a Sanctuary elder after breaking through to the Nine Satellites.

At this moment, Lang Zong was wearing very loose beige home clothes. He was brewing a pot of tea in his private room and slowly savoring it.

Tasting tea was his hobby. He picked up a cup of tea and had just sniffed the fragrance when an ear-piercing alarm suddenly sounded. Lang Zong’s expression immediately changed and he stood up..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1