Chapter 1616 - 1616: Exhausted And Unsealing Procedure (2)

Chapter 1616: Exhausted and Unsealing Procedure (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cultivating here for a day was equivalent to cultivating on Ceres Star for more than 200 days. The effect was explosive. As for Xu Tui’s own, his predatory cultivation method had a terrifying effect.

Could it be that with such a continuous stream of energy for him to plunder, the cultivation effect would be at least five times that of others? Moreover, this was when Xu Tui’s mind power was depleted. He was recovering his mind power while cultivating.

If his mind power recovered to a certain extent and he went all out in his cultivation, the cultivation effect might be more than ten times that of others.

For a moment, everyone’s cultivation began to soar. Even Ah Huang’s robot body and Tri Ling Ding had joined the cultivation army. This was the first time Tri Ling Ding could absorb energy without restraint. Its excitement was indescribable.

However, Xu Tui was thinking as he cultivated. Why was it that after the star core of Planet Y was swallowed by the Longevity Emperor’s Seal, the earth vein of Planet Y could be controlled to surge to the ground?

The Star Core was very likely to be the suppressor or control of the earth vein. What was going on if Xu Tui directly led the earth vein of Planet Y to the ground?

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a terrifying possibility. In the next moment, his mind power moved slightly. He followed the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole and observed deep into the earth vein.

In less than ten minutes, Xu Tui confirmed a fact.

The energy on the planet mainly spreads from the underground earth vein to the entire planet. The strength of the earth vein should determine the energy concentration of the planet. The strength of the earth vein seemed to be fed to the earth vein by the entire planet.

This was only Xu Tui’s short-term research. However, in the ten minutes of observation, he realized that the power growing in the earth vein was negligible. The power in the earth vein of Planet Y kept leaking to the ground under the control of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal.

Suddenly, four words appeared in Xu Tui’s mind—kill the goose that lays the golden eggs!

This was a predatory use. After today, the concentration of energy on Planet Y would probably decrease drastically.

If Xu Tui released all the power in the earth vein of Planet Y, the concentration of energy on Planet Y would be very, very low in the next few decades or even a hundred years. Most importantly, if the earth vein became extremely weak, Planet Y would no longer be able to support the establishment of a

cross-galactic quantum teleportation channel. Or he could invest a large number of Origin Crystals to maintain it.

In essence, Xu Tui’s action of controlling the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to draw out all the energy underground on Planet Y was actually destroying the future of Planet Y. It would turn Planet Y into a useless planet that genetic cultivators could not live on for a long time.

It could even be said that as the concentration of energy continued to decrease, the natural environment of Planet Y would become even harsher. Suddenly, Xu Tui remembered the anger he felt from the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

“Is this considered a punishment?” As he thought about it, Xu Tui wondered if such behavior could be replicated. If he could replicate it, then…

The effect of directly drawing out the purest energy in the earth vein to cultivate was extremely shocking.

In less than an hour, the first breakthrough in the expeditionary army appeared.

Luo Murong.

Previously, he had not broken through after cultivating to the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. However, he broke through here today. His body shone with golden light, and a boundless energy field soared into the sky.

The people cultivating nearby spontaneously gave Luo Murong a relaxed space to break through, but it did not affect their cultivation.

What stunned everyone was that under such an extremely abnormal concentration of energy, the effect of the breakthrough was simply shocking. When he broke through, the energy from all directions poured into Luo Murong’s body.

In just ten minutes, Luo Murong’s main planet had increased from the first to the second star halo. The effect of gathering energy brought about by the breakthrough was still ongoing. For a moment, the mid- to quasi-planetary experts of the other expeditionary forces cultivated with all their might.

If they could break through in such an environment, the energy they absorbed during the breakthrough would be equivalent to cultivating for a year or two longer than others.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he saw this scene. He did not expect that this expedition to Planet Y would coincidentally trigger such a cultivation frenzy. Cultivating here for a day was equivalent to cultivating in the solar system for more than half a year.

The strength ot the members of the expeditionary army would increase greatly again.

As for Xu Tui himself, he had not improved much. That was because he was currently cultivating his mind power with all his might. After these few battles, he realized that there were too many benefits to having a powerful mind power main planet. He should attack the main mind power planet first.

Half an hour later, which was an hour and ten minutes after Xu Tui and the others entered Planet Y, Yanzi’s surprised voice entered Xu Tui’s mind.

“Xu Tui, I’m done. I’ve completely understood the quantum array of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. Give me some time and some raw materials that I can test and error with. Not only can I refine the core of the intergalactic quantum teleportation array, but it can even have a better effect than this,” Yanzi said in surprise.

“That’s great. You’re amazing!” Xu Tui was not stingy with his praise..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1