Chapter 1612 - 1612: The Real Owner Of Planet Y? (2)

Chapter 1612 - 1612: The Real Owner of Planet Y? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Suddenly, as Xu Tui injected his mind power, he had a more direct communication with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Xu Tui understood. He instantly understood. It was the star core of this planet that was kneeling and trembling.

A star core with a certain level of consciousness? Xu Tui did not understand this very well at the moment.

This was also another question that the Blue Star had been arguing about—did planets have life? They argued for hundreds of years, but they came to no conclusion. Some said that it was alive, while others said that it was not. They each had their own arguments. No one could convince the other.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui realized from the perspective of a bystander that the planet seemed to have life.

From Xu Tui’s observation, the core of Planet Y was very afraid of the anger of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. However, it was only fear.

Xu Tui injected his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He wanted to take out the star core of Planet Y. Although the star core of Planet Y was afraid, it was resisting.

Although the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was furious and wanted to capture it, it seemed that it did not have enough strength to capture the star core of Planet Y.

Xu Tui felt that the seal would be exposed if this continued. He did not know what would happen then. In any case, Xu Tui did not feel good. At the very least, Xu Tui felt that he should be on the side of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

However, Xu Tui did not have much mind power. He had no choice but to inject another 5% of his mind power into the Longevity Emperor’s Seal.

In the next moment, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole seemed to have taken an aphrodisiac. It displayed its might again and wanted to capture the star core of Planet Y.

As it trembled, the star core of Planet Y, which was enveloped by the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, slowly floated up from the center of the earth, as if it was about to be pulled out.

At the same time, Xu Tui felt the helplessness of the South Pole Longevity Seal. It was going to use up all its strength. It was about to be exposed.

He also felt the tsundere of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Actually, it wanted to ask Xu Tui for help, but it did not speak. It kept giving Xu Tui a feeling of helplessness. It wanted Xu Tui to take the initiative to support him.

This seal seemed a little… egoistic!

Even though Xu Tui wanted to fully support the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he was no longer able to do it. It had not been easy for him to recover 25% of his mind power. Now, it had dropped to 5%. If he injected the 5%, Xu Tui would faint on the spot.

He could not risk his own life or the lives of the entire expeditionary army by supporting the South Pole’s Longevity Emperor. But he could not stand it anymore when he saw the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole lose face. Xu Tui suddenly thought of a few words. There was strength in numbers.

In an instant, he activated his mind power. The Huashan Divine Seal, the Mount Heng Divine Seal, the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, the Nandou True Lord Seal, and the Huo De Star Lord Seal flew out from behind Xu Tui’s head at the same time.

In the next moment, under the activation of his mind power, the five seals emitted a rather strong divine light and gathered toward the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Depending on the level and degree of refinement, the divine light provided by the five seals to the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was different.

The divine might of the Longevity Emperor’s seal strengthened again. The momentum that was about to collapse stabilized again and continued to firmly restrain the star core of Planet Y.

At this moment, Xu Tui became curious. He was very curious about why the

Longevity Emperor of the South Pole wanted to capture the planet’s star core. What could it do?

However, Xu Tui could clearly sense that it would not be able to capture the star core of Planet Y with the current strength of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole.

“Everyone who has the Heavenly Seal, activate all of your seals and release them out of your bodies.” Suddenly, Xu Tui gave an order to everyone in the expedition team.

The members of the Worldly Demon Slayer Team were the fastest. Soon, nearly 20 seals appeared above everyone’s heads.

Ullr, who was recovering his strength, was a little hesitant. He did not immediately release his Lightning Divine Seal. However, Xu Tui ignored him. Instead, he continued to order everyone. “Now, use your own strength to activate your seal and fuse the divine light of your seal into my seal.”

Everyone began to try. Only Ullr stared at Xu Tui’s seal with extreme envy. It was the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. After refining it, it would definitely be magical.

Xu Tui realized that his prestige was increasing day by day. After giving the order, everyone, including Ruan Tianzuo and Wen Xinglun, tried to activate their seals and directed their divine might to the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

However, they did not succeed after several attempts. Other than An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Seal, no one else injected the power of the seal into the South Pole Longevity Emperor Seal.

The difference was obvious. An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Seal was 100% successfully refined, but the others’ seals were not successfully refined. The progress was different. The problem was that among Xu Tui’s other seals, other than the two divine seals, Huashan and Mount Heng, he had not successfully refined the other seals.

What was the difference? These seals all came from Xu Tui alone? If that was the case, he would probably have no choice..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1