Chapter 1611 - 1611: The Real Owner Of Planet Y? (1)

Chapter 1611: The Real Owner of Planet Y? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out of the back of Xu Tui’s head, it shone brightly without any warning. Its divine might uncontrollably spread in all directions from the Longevity Emperor’s seal.

Xu Tui was shocked. This was the first time the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had gone out of control. To be honest, Xu Tui had been a little afraid ever since he refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He had also been on guard against such matters.

From the scale of the Shenxiao Prefecture, how terrifying was the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole back then?

Xu Tui was afraid that he would not be able to block a single finger from him. Now that Xu Tui had refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he might end up benefiting others.

Xu Tui had read a lot of online novels since he was young. So Xu Tui instinctively felt fear when the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole suddenly shone with uncontrollable divine might.

As he was worried, he carefully sensed the changes in the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

The radiating divine light of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole only covered a radius of 1,000 miles on Planet Y and did not have any aftereffects. It seemed that it could not expand anymore.

However, Xu Tui, who was sensing the seal with all his might, suddenly sensed an extremely complicated emotion mixed with excitement. anger. and

helplessness from the seal.

Emotions!

The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole could actually have emotions. This made Xu Tui feel a little afraid. This was especially so for the last helpless feeling. It was too real. Even Xu Tui was infected. He felt like he had the intention to kill the thief, but he was powerless.

This feeling was because Xu Tui’s mind power had fused with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He felt like he was experiencing it himself. It even resonated.

It was similar to Xu Tui’s current situation. He had the intention to kill the thieves, but he was powerless. He did not have enough strength. Amidst this dejected emotion, the brilliance and divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole began to shrink.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he sensed this helplessness. Should he provide support? With a thought, Xu Tui injected 10% of the 25% of his mind power that he had just recovered into the seal.

In the next moment, the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole seemed to have been injected with chicken blood and instantly shone brightly. However, this time, the light soared into the sky. It seemed to be calling out to something deep in the starry sky and the universe.

Xu Tui could sense these feelings. This made him feel a little uneasy. A second later, the surrounding stars trembled. Hundreds of starlight suddenly projected over from afar and gathered inside the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

An excited roar sounded from within the seal.

Xu Tui, who had been using his mental perception, roughly understood the meaning of the roar.

“We’re back! We’re back! Our counterattack has begun!” He did not shout this directly, but the power fluctuations in the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole conveyed this meaning.

After the hundreds of tangible and intangible starlight gathered in the Longevity Emperor’s seal, the light of the seal exploded again. The expanding seal shone with divine might. In just five seconds, it covered the entire Planet Y. Moreover, this coverage was more like infiltration.

It was not just on the surface. It was from the outside to the inside. Xu Tui could sense that the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had covered the interior of Planet Y from the surface to the core of Planet

Y.

Xu Tui did not understand. What was the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole doing? Or rather, what did it have to do?

Just as Xu Tui was feeling puzzled, he suddenly felt a sense of fear.

Trembling fear.

However, this trembling fear was not emitted by the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Instead, it was emitted by something on Planet Y under the cover of the divine might of the seal.

Xu Tui was puzzled. What could be the trembling thing in the deepest part of Planet Y?

Unfortunately, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole did not know how to express his thoughts and emotions. Xu Tui could only rely on himself to sense it. With a thought, he spread out his spiritual resonance. In an instant, the information he sensed with his mental perception became much clearer.

At this moment, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was like a returning emperor, coldly looking down at the entire Planet Y. Or rather, it was looking down coldly at the trembling and terrified thing on Planet Y.

The latter was more like a subject as it knelt on the ground. Other than fear, there was only fear. For a moment, there was a stalemate. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was like the arrival of an emperor. It coldly looked down at the trembling thing on Planet Y and did not say a word.

The latter, other than trembling, was trembling.

However, as a bystander, Xu Tui felt that the Longevity Emperor Seal of the

South Pole was more like a poser. As for the trembling thilu on Planet Y, it was fear. He felt that the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was a little superficial.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought. He injected another 5% of his remaining 15% of mind power into the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal.

With the replenishment of Xu Tui’s 5% mind power, the divine light of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal increased again. The divine light

that went straight to the center of the earth gathered on the trembling and fearful thing. It wanted to capture the trembling and fearful thing..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1