Chapter 1614 - 1614: The Real Owner Of Planet Y? (4)

Chapter 1614: The Real Owner of Planet Y? (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, on the other hand, was extremely surprised. The behavior of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was a little like it eating meat while others drank soup.

That was good.

However, the most surprising thing was that the refinement progress of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole had increased by 7%. Before this, after such a long period of accumulation and cultivation, Xu Tui’s refinement progress of seal had only reached 44%.

Basically, if one did not refine it all day and only took a certain amount of time to refine it every day, they would only be able to refine 1% of it every six to seven days. Recently, the speed of refinement has decreased drastically due to the constant war.

After the 7% increase in the refinement progress today, his refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had broken through to tne 500/0 mark, reacmng 51%.

According to Xu Tui’s guess, he might have a surprise discovery after the refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole reached half. However, there were no surprises at the moment.

“Alright, continue cultivating and recover your strength.” While everyone was pleasantly surprised that the refinement progress of their seals had increased drastically, Xu Tui urged everyone without hesitation. The earlier they recovered their strength, the more confident they would be in the face of danger.

Especially Xu Tui himself. He had to recover his mind power as soon as possible. While he was recovering his mind power, he continued with his previous thoughts. He wanted to gather the energy of the entire Planet Y through the power of the Longevity Emperor Seal. He wanted everyone to speed up their recovery, including the recovery of their injuries.

Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses would be able to recover their injuries and mind power to a certain extent if the energy concentration in their environment was high. The concentration of energy on Planet Y was about 2.4. Xu Tui wanted to gather the surrounding energy.

In the next moment, under the activation of Xu Tui’s remaining mind power, the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole, which had just soared, spread out again. Just like before, it wanted to gather the energy from all directions.

However, what shocked Xu Tui was that his mind power followed the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole and went straight underground as if there was no one around.

Under the ground, under his mental perception, a dense fog pillar as thick as a leg was meandering underground. As it meandered, energy was constantly emitted.

“Earth vein!” Xu Tui almost let out a cry. His mind power could actually see the earth vein of Planet Y!

It had to be known that no matter which planet he was on previously, including the Blue Star, he could not see the earth vein even with the help of the two divine seals, Huashan and Mount Heng. Even with the help seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he could not see it.

It was very difficult for his mind power to go deep into the ground, let alone see the earth vein. It was as if there was an invisible barrier that prevented him from going deeper.

At this moment, on Planet Y, the invisible obstruction underground had disappeared. Xu Tui’s mind power touched the earth vein under the lead of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole.

Suddenly, Xu Tui thought of the Star Core of Planet Y that had been swallowed by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Was it because the star core had been swallowed that the earth vein of Planet Y had become ownerless? Would Xu Tui be able to take over?

Xu Tui only needed to try to get an answer. In the next moment, as his mind power surged in, his mind power instantly surged into the earth vein of Planet Y. Xu Tui felt that he could already control the earth vein.

Of course, it was only achieved with the help of the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. At this moment, Xu Tui felt that he, who had controlled the earth vein of Planet Y, had become the true owner of Planet

Y.

To a certain extent, he could even control the direction of the earth vein on

Planet Y.

“Become the true owner of Planet Y…” Xu Tui suddenly smiled as he muttered.

He had made a decision.

It was a very hype decision! His mind power moved slightly. At the same time, the entire Planet Y trembled like an earthquake. Amidst the violent vibrations, a curved tunnel that led directly to the earth vein appeared.

Amidst the dust, the substantial energy in the earth vein gushed out of the ground..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1