Chapter 1619 - 1619: Cultivation Tide And Unsealing Complete

Chapter 1619 - 1619: Cultivation Tide and Unsealing Complete

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Y.

In the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array, Xu Tui, who had expended a lot of mind power, simply entered the deepest sleep through meditation.

There were dozens of people cultivating in all directions. All kinds of power fluctuations were constantly fluctuating, but Xu Tui could enter the deepest sleep in a short period of time. Even Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others were envious of him.

Actually, they were not the only ones. Those who had insomnia during the long night would probably be envious if they knew about Xu Tui’s ability. Of course, Xu Tui could also quickly recover his mind power with the Soul Crystal and mind power Origin Crystal.

However, in the past year, with the high-frequency application of Soul Crystals, Xu Tui had come to a preliminary research conclusion with himself, An Xiaoxue, and the others who used Soul Crystals as research samples.

Even if he used the purified Soul Crystal, there were certain side effects. At the same time, the fatigue of his brain or mental body would not disappear because he used the Soul Crystal. Instead, it would accumulate.

Using the Soul Crystal consecutively, with five grams as a scale, the effect of the Soul Crystal’s restoration to mind power would decrease slightly every time it was used. The more he used it continuously, the weaker the restoration effect would be.

Xu Tui was prepared to fight a long battle on this expedition to Planet Y. He would sleep for a few hours first.

Actually, Xu Tui did not stop cultivating during the sleep process.

It was not that he was magical. It was just that being in such an unprecedentedly high concentration of energy was equivalent to being in a high-pressure state. With every breath, the energy would enter or even seep into his body.

Of course, the passive cultivation effect was much weaker than active cultivation. At this moment, two more quasi-planetary experts in the team began to break through to the Planetary realm.

They were Li Zheng and Cui Xi. Other people would be surprised that Cui Xi had broken through to the Planetary realm, but Xu Tui was not surprised at all.

Cui Xi was one of the people under Xu Tui who enjoyed the most cultivation resources other than Yan Lie. At the same time, he completely released his mental body and allowed Xu Tui’s mind power to invade his body. He allowed Xu Tui to observe all the genetic ability chains with his introspection and gave him the most reasonable cultivation plan.

It was actually very normal to break through now.

On the other hand, Luo Murong’s breakthrough was actually considered late. However, he had no choice. Luo Murong had always paid a lot of attention to his privacy, unlike Cui Xi, who would compare his size with Xu Tui at any time.

Meditation seemed easy and normal, but most of the time, it was magical.

Xu Tui had set a biological alarm for himself before he went to bed. Four and a half hours later, he woke up on time after three sleep cycles. His mind power had recovered from 10% to 50%. Due to the short time, it had not completely recovered.

However, Xu Tui felt extremely energetic. All his fatigue was swept away. This was probably because sleep could not be replaced by other methods.

However, Xu Tui, who had woken up, revealed a rare expression of reminiscence.

He dreamt!

Xu Tui vaguely felt that he had been dreaming when he was sleeping.

Moreover, the dream was actually related to the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole and the red fire slip in his mind.

It was very real.

Xu Tui was surprised. He used his mental perception to carefully observe the changes in the red fire slip and the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. The more he observed, the more shocked he became.

The dream was a little blurry. It seemed that the Longevity Emperor Seal and the red fire slip had undergone some changes at the same time. The change in the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was not obvious, but the change in the red fire slip was almost exactly the same as in the dream.

There were some patterns that had never been seen before. It did not look like it had changed in size, but it felt like it had become larger.

In the dream, the power of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal seemed to be able to trigger some magical changes in the red fire slip. The specific changes were a little blurry. The dream was not clear.

Xu Tui tried to use the power of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal to activate the power in the red fire slip, but to no avail.

After 15 minutes, Xu Tui frowned slightly. Where did such a realistic dream come from? Since there were no results, Xu Tui did not continue to study it. He could not let go of such a once-in-a-lifetime cultivation opportunity.

Xu Tui continued to use the Soul Crystal to recover his mind power. At the same time. he sent a large amount of Origin Energy into the main mind Dower

planet to cultivate.

Cultivating under such a terrifying concentration of Origin Energy, the increase could be seen, even if it’s the mid-stage seven star halos of the main planet of mind power. Half a day later, Xu Tui’s main planet of mind power was strengthened from the mid-stage to the late-stage of the seventh star halo.

If all the power novas enhanced the main planet, the star halo on the main planet would probably reach the ninth star halo. Of course, this nine-layered star halo only reached the quantity. It did not have the power of a true Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The higher the level of a Planetary realm powerhouse, the greater the improvement of each small realm.

Although Xu Tui had only cultivated his mind power from the mid-stage to the late-stage of the seventh star halo, he could already sense the increase in his mind power.

The increase was at least 13%.

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony. He took advantage of today’s development of Planet Y’s earth vein to hurry up and cultivate. Under normal circumstances, they would only have this effect after cultivating for half a year on Planet

Peach.

Xu Tui’s cultivation was increasing, and the others were not idle.

An Xiaoxue’s cultivation level had officially stepped into the Four Satellites Planetary realm. However, An Xiaoxue was the same as Xu Tui. After breaking through to the Four Satellites, her main cultivation direction was still the Dimensional Slash Main Planet and the Mind Power Nova.

These were the foundation of everything. After cultivating here for half a day, the fourth quasi-planetary expert of the expeditionary army broke through to the Planetary realm. The person who broke through this time was Yanzi.

Two years ago, Yanzi was already a quasi-planet. It was normal for her to break through here now. One after another, quasi-planetary experts broke through to the Planetary realm, bringing immense pressure to the other quasi-planetary members.

They cultivated with all their might.

Everyone had broken through, but they were still in the quasi-planetary realm. How embarrassing was that?

On November 12, 2140, Blue Star Time, 25 hours after the Worldly Expeditionary Force arrived on Planet Y, Xu Tui temporarily stopped cultivating.

“Attention, everyone. Other than those who have just broken through to the Planetary realm and those who are breaking through, your cultivation will stop. You will be forced to sleep and recover your mind power. Hm, if you can’t sleep, you can look for me. I guarantee that you will fall asleep in a second,” Xu Tui said.

Everyone laughed. However, there were really people who could not sleep. They trusted Xu Tui and were immediately hypnotized by him. Ruan Tianzuo and Ullr also entered a state of sleep restoration and mind power.

Everyone knew that this was the wisest thing to do.

Xu Tui silently activated the main planet’s force of his mind power and absorbed the sleeping people into the force field.

Previous research had shown that under the envelopment of his mind power’s main planet force field, the effect of restoration in their sleep had increased from 150% to 200%. It was very powerful.

Xu Tui also slowed down the cultivation effect. He had to maintain his mind power above 80% to have the possibility of dealing with a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Of course, when Xu Tui’s mind power was strengthened to the late-stage of the seventh star halo, he might only need 70% of his current mind power to teleport once against a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

On the 31st hour of entering Planet Y, the fifth quasi-planetary expert who had broken through to the Planetary realm appeared—Miao Huanshan.

Xu Tui had also woken up the slumberers from before.

“This is the last six to eight hours of cultivation, then prepare to retreat.”

Xu Tui’s order made the other members sigh in their hearts. If they could cultivate for half a month, their cultivation would definitely be the same as cultivating on the Blue Star for five to six years. Everyone’s cultivation would increase exponentially.

Only Xu Tui knew that it was impossible. This was because the earth vein on Planet Y was almost exhausted after a day and a half.

Xu Tui estimated that more than 85% of the earth vein on Planet Y would be consumed in another six hours. Then, the concentration of energy here would also decrease rapidly. It would lose such a cultivation effect.

Ruan Tianzuo, who had woken up, revealed a surprised expression again. For some reason, when he woke up, he looked at Xu Tui with an indescribable sense of closeness. He actually wanted to get close to Xu Tui.

It felt… a little strange.

He seemed to have had the same feeling last time. It had faded recently. However, today’s incident has strengthened that feeling. And the effect of restoration was really strong.

Actually, it was not just Ruan Tianzuo. Ullr also had the same feeling today. He suddenly felt that Xu Tui was much more pleasing to the eye. It was strange!

Four hours later, a boundless mind power fluctuation flashed past Xu Tui’s body. After continuously cultivating for nearly a day, his main planet of mind power had increased from the late-stage of the seventh-stage star halo to the peak of the seventh-stage star halo.

His mind power increased again.

It was not time to retreat, so Xu Tui had already turned around and started cultivating the new star of the quantum entanglement state’s energy teleportation.

Cultivating the Energy Teleportation Nova should be able to reduce his mind power to a certain extent.

Xu Tui’s main goal for today’s cultivation was to reduce the consumption of mind power, increase his mind power, and increase the chances of him using the foreign body teleportation. Two hours later, he looked into the distance and completely stopped cultivating after the Energy Teleportation Nova was strengthened to the fourth star halo.

It had been 37 hours since he entered Planet Y. The safety time limit had entered the countdown.

They had to retreat.

Xu Tui had already studied the target of their retreat. An hour later, 29 people left Planet Y on four Aerospace Combat Jets.

On Planet Y, without the convergence of the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array, the energy spewed out of the underground earth vein began to spread in all directions. For a moment, the concentration of energy on Planet Y did not decrease. Instead, it increased.

Not long after Xu Tui and the others left, all the data flow on the thousands of holographic screens turned into a line of words in the mysterious base. “The unsealing procedure has been preliminary completed…”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1