Chapter 1610 - 1610: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed And New Discovery (4)

Chapter 1610: Shui Zhi Who Had Betrayed and New Discovery (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Send emergency military intelligence to the Sanctuary. Shui Zhi has betrayed us and Planet Y has been attacked. These are the last words of Lang Zong!” Lang Zong roared, and the loyal quantum artificial intelligence in the command center of Planet Y recorded this sentence and sent it to the Sanctuary.

Originally, Xu Tui had wanted Ullr and Wen Xinglun to blast Lang Zong to death. However, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought when he heard Lang Zong’s roar.

“Spare his life. Surrender! Your elders have all surrendered.” Xu Tui immediately urged them to surrender. His mind power had already enveloped his mental body.

In the distance, the main elder he respected in the past, Shui Zhi, was still staring at him coldly without any expression. In the void behind Lang Zong, Ullr and Wen Xinglun were on the left and right. Lightning flickered around their bodies.

It could be imagined that as long as he dared to refuse, the lightning of these two people would be able to blast his mental body into pieces in less than three seconds.

Lang Zong only hesitated for a moment before making a choice. Even the main elder, Shui Zhi, had surrendered. He was just an Eight Satellites Planetary realm. What was there to be conflicted about? What was there to be conflicted about?

“I… surrender!” After shouting these words, Lang Zong completely gave up resisting and allowed Xu Tui’s mind power to wrap around him.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun also charged into the remaining battle like tigers entering a wolf pack. In the distance, the main elder, Shui Zhi, who had been staring at Lang Zong without saying a word, suddenly disappeared.

It had disappeared! He actually disappeared just like that?

Lang Zong stared at all of this with his mouth agape. He suddenly felt that something was wrong. As the Eight Satellites Planetary realm commander on Planet Y surrendered, Little Six and the others joined the battle with Ullr. The battle ended in a short period of time.

At the very least, there was no longer any resistance in the military base on

Planet Y.

Ah Huang also completed its control of the command center in the shortest time possible. Without a doubt, the alarm had been actively reported by the quantum artificial intelligence in the command center of the military base.

However, it was not an invasion. Instead, he took over the command center of this military base through the authority of the commander of Lang Zong.

“Ah Huang, try your best to obtain as much data as possible from the Spiritual Race’s Star Field. This is the key to our future survival. In addition, I need you to calculate the fastest time for reinforcements to arrive.”

“Understood. I’ve already obtained the civilian star map of the Spiritual Race’s Star Field, but I don’t have enough rights to the military star map at the moment. I only obtained a very small portion.

“In addition, I’ve already temporarily cut off the energy pathways of the other two quantum teleportation channels on Planet Y. It’s up to you to decide when to recover or completely destroy them,” Ah Huang said.

“Yan Lie, bring the first team to stand guard. Cui Xi, bring people to search the warehouse. As for the rest, recover your strength on the spot.”

After Xu Tui gave the order, he once again interrogated the surrendered Lang Zong.

Lang Zong had already surrendered. Although he had his doubts about Shui Zhi’s surrender, he had already surrendered. Xu Tui’s question was very straightforward.

According to Lang Zong, Planet Y did not have any cosmic tunnel nodes. The other two quantum teleportation channels were the most important way to pass through Planet Y. Other than that, the nearest asteroid to Planet Y was also 0.1 cosmic units away from here.

According to the Spiritual Race, a cosmic unit was about 1,500 million kilometers away. 0.1 cosmic unit was about 1,500 kilometers. It would take at least seven days to fly to Planet Y. In theory, under the premise of the key quantum teleportation channel, it would take at least seven days for reinforcements to arrive at Planet Y.

Seven days.

This number made Xu Tui feel a little more at ease. Moreover, from the spiritual resonance, Lang Zong was not lying.

“Commander Xu, I’ve answered and cooperated with you truthfully. I have a question that I want you to answer.”

“Ask?”

“I want to know if Elder Shui Zhi surrendered to you or not. Did he betray the Spiritual Race?” Lang Zong asked anxiously.

Xu Tui smiled mysteriously when he heard that. “Guess!”

Lang Zong was speechless.

At the same time, Ah Huang’s latest computing data was sent to Xu Tui. Theoretically, the maximum safety time was six days and 14 hours. However, it was not recommended. There were too many accidents in this safety time

limit.

The absolute safety time limit of staying on Planet Y for three days, two days, and a day was 50%, 70%, and 90% respectively.

Based on this data, Xu Tui basically had an idea. He also heaved a sigh of relief. He would stay here for at least a day. A day was enough for him and his subordinates to rest and set off again.

Xu Tui scanned the entire base and finally felt relieved. The initial success of the expedition to Planet Y. The enemy was even weaker than Xu Tui had expected. The Spiritual Race had never been on guard against the Blue Star humans on Planet Y.

Planet X was already very, very wary of the Blue Star humans. Especially since there was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse secretly guarding it. As for Planet Y, Xu Tui would not pay attention to the defense of Planet Y against the Blue Star humans if he were in the position of the Spiritual Race.

The reason was very simple. The Blue Star humans in the solar system were still in a state of being destroyed at any time after their many performances two years ago. Even now, according to Shui Zhi’s report, the Blue Star humans could be wiped out after accumulating a certain amount of strength.

In that case, anyone who said that the Blue Star humans could kill their way out of the solar system to expedition to Planet Y was equivalent to telling a cold joke. This was in line with Xu Tui’s judgment.

Actually, it was also the way out for Xu Tui’s expeditionary army. But he had to kill his way out from now on. For a moment, the Planetary realm experts of the expeditionary army used the corpses of the Spiritual Race to refine their Soul Crystals and recover their mind power.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, placed the Longevity Emperor Seal above his head as he recovered his recovery ability. He wanted to gather more Origin Energy for the expeditionary army to facilitate their recovery.

However, the moment the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out of the back of Xu Tui’s head, it suddenly trembled and shone brightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1