Chapter 1613 - 1613: The Real Owner Of Planet Y? (3)

Chapter 1613 - 1613: The Real Owner of Planet Y? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the characteristics of the main planet’s force field of mind power.

Previously, when they returned from the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the recovery speed of the mind power of everyone who was unconscious had increased exponentially under the cover of Xu Tui’s mind power force field.

He might be able to try.

“Don’t resist my mind power.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power force field instantly spread out and enveloped everyone except Ullr. A strange expression suddenly appeared on Ruan Tianzuo’s face the moment he was enveloped by Xu Tui’s main planet’s force field.

The strange feeling of wanting to get close to Xu Tui seemed to have returned. Ruan Tianzuo suddenly shivered inexplicably when he wanted to get close to a former enemy, and a man at that.

“Now, try to activate the divine might of your respective seals again and merge them into my South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal to see if you can succeed,”

In the next moment, nearly 20 seals of different sizes and strengths suddenly merged into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

After obtaining so much divine power from the seals, the power of the

Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal suddenly soared. The star core of Planet Y that was enveloped by its divine power suddenly let out a terrified scream.

In just three seconds, the star core of Planet Y was captured by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. In an instant, it appeared in the sky.

In Xu Tui’s mental perception, the star core of Planet Y was the size of an egg. But now, it was the size of a football. Furthermore, it shone like a diamond. The moment it was brought out, it brought with it an extremely dense Origin Energy.

At the same time, under the cover of the divine might of the Longevity

Emperor of the South Pole, the terror of the star core of Planet Y was extremely strong. The divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal also reached its peak at this moment. Then, divine light spread out and swallowed the star core of Planet Y.

It swallowed it!

Xu Tui was stunned. The other members of the expeditionary army who had joined the divine might were also stunned. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole swallowed such a thing.

Xu Tui and the others did not understand why it had to swallow it, but the consequences of swallowing it immediately appeared. After swallowing the star core of Planet Y, the aura of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal instantly soared. It felt as if it had eaten something great.

Moreover, the increase in the aura of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole was not because of the increase in his divine might, but because of the enhancement of the seal itself. It felt as if the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had grown.

Something even more shocking happened to Xu Tui.

Refinement progress.

Just as the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole grew, Xu Tui’s refinement of the seal began to surge.

It was a little like the feedback from Xu Tui’s support previously. It might also be because his mind power had participated in the operation of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole. The refinement progress instantly began to increase.

Xu Tui was not the only one whose refinement of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had increased drastically.

Every beam of divine might was accurately injected into the seals that had supported it previously.

There were the seals of the expeditionary army and Xu Tui’s own seals. The refinement progress of all seals that had supported it had greatly increased.

A look of surprise suddenly appeared on Ruan Tianzuo’s face. Previously, he had shamelessly obtained a seal of the Fire Division. Although the attributes matched, the refinement progress had been rather slow. He had not even made 25% of the refinement progress in the past two to three months.

However, the moment the divine might of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole was injected, the progress of his refinement of the Fire Divine Seal instantly began to surge. It went from 24% to 36%. This was equivalent to more than a month of hard work.

Everyone had different surprises on their faces, but all of them had such surprises.

“Xu Tui, what changes have you undergone? The refinement progress of my Auspicious Cow Seal has already soared from 70% to 85%. However, when that divine light was injected into the Rabbit Seal that I had completely refined, why did I feel that my Rabbit Seal seemed to have become a little stronger? The power of the Heavenly Court’s seal can also be increased?” An Xiaoxue asked in confusion.

“That should be the case.” Xu Tui immediately gave an affirmative answer because he had suffered the same fate. His seals, such as the Ji Shui Star Lord’s seal, had all increased to different degrees.

This was especially so for the Ji Shui Star Lord’s seal. With this improvement, the refinement progress had reached 90%. It would not be long before it could be completely refined.

However, the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal, which had already been completely refined, seemed to have been strengthened after being injected with the divine light of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal.

The enhancement was not great. It might only be 5%, but it had indeed been strengthened.

In the distance, Ullr, who had been observing this scene, suddenly had a drastic change in expression. He could clearly sense that the auras of the seals had become stronger.

Suddenly, Ullr realized that his hesitation just now had caused him to miss an opportunity to strengthen the seal of the Lightning Division.

He regretted it!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1