Chapter 1618 - 1618: Exhausted And Unsealing Procedure (4)

Chapter 1618 - 1618: Exhausted and Unsealing Procedure (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Therefore, Huo Nan and Mu Sheng gathered together on duty and often exchanged their insights. After all, among the 15 elders, the two of them naturally had a good relationship. At this moment, the two of them were discussing the black and white chess game.

Suddenly, in a very small quantum teleportation channel in front of the two of them, quantum fluctuations flashed and two jade slips flew out. This was one of the top results of the Spiritual Race over the years. The quantum teleportation channel was miniaturized and convenient.

It was more convenient and time-sensitive to use this miniaturized quantum teleportation channel for some important documents.

As the main elder on duty, he had to accept hundreds of jade slips every day in such a public manner. He did not mind at first, but Huo Nan’s eyes swept past a black color.

Black slip.

It was the most urgent black jade slip in the Spiritual Race. It could be said that every black jade slip represented an extremely important change. Under normal circumstances, if something happened to a planet, they would use yellow or red slips and black slips. It was extremely serious.

The contents of the black slip instantly appeared in front of the two of them. The explosive content inside instantly made Huo Nan and Mu Sheng’s pupils constrict.

“Shui Zhi betrayed us? That’s impossible, right?”

“Ridiculous. This is simply ridiculous. As the main elder, how can Shui Zhi betray our race?” Mu Sheng said in surprise.

Huo Nan pondered for a moment. “However, these are the last words of Lang

Zong, the commander of Planet Y. You have to know that Lang Zong is Shui Zhi’s trusted aide. It’s impossible for him to frame Shui Zhi. He must know something.”

“Also, under normal circumstances, how could the Blue Star humans have attacked Planet Y? It’s been more than 2,000 years, but this is the first time a Blue Star human has stepped into our Star Field on a large scale,” Huo Nan said.

“Do you mean that Shui Zhi has betrayed us?” Mu Sheng asked.

“No!” Huo Nan shook his head. “There’s no way to confirm it! The betrayal of a main elder is unbelievable. What kind of price could the Blue Star offer for his betrayal? However, these are the last words of his trusted aide, Lang Zong. There are many things that can’t be explained.” As he spoke, Huo Nan stood up and said, “Let’s go and invite the Great Elder. We can’t handle this matter.”

Half an hour later, in the Sanctuary, although the Great Elder, Xu Yi, did not flare up, his low voice was filled with anger.

“What’s wrong with Shui Zhi? Betrayal should be impossible. His relatives are all here, but it was his trusted aide who reported it before he died. Also, the Blue Star humans have already charged into our Spiritual Race’s native star field. Is this how Shui Zhi fought in the solar system? To think that I agreed to his requests previously! Go, contact Shui Zhi immediately and ask him directly, ” Great Elder Xu Yi ordered.

“You’re asking him directly?” Huo Nan was a little puzzled.

“Ask him directly! Get him to explain himself! Regardless of whether he betrayed us or not, letting the Blue Star humans invade the Spiritual Race’s territory is a huge crime! If he doesn’t have an explanation, we have to deal with a group of people. Otherwise, how can we explain it if the Holy Ancestor finds out about this?” Great Elder Xu Yi had a furious expression.

“And this Blue Star human team, order the surroundings…” Halfway through his sentence, Great Elder Xu Yi suddenly paused. “If Shui Zhi really betrayed us…” After a pause, Xu Yi said directly, “The two of you, one of you will go to the Northern Star Field to deal with this Blue Star team personally.

“Bring back at least three survivors.” After saying that, the Great Elder, Xu Yi, suddenly revealed a fascinated expression. “It’s been many years since I saw the Blue Star humans with my own eyes! It’s been so many years. I wonder how different their genes are from ours?”

Huo Nan and Mu Sheng looked at each other. The 13th main seat elder, Mu Sheng, took the initiative to say, “Don’t worry, Great Elder. I’ll definitely settle this matter.”

“Great Elder, the quantum intelligence of Planet Y has also reported a piece of information from Planet X. It says that Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter, Yanzi, has definitely defected to the enemy, and Yan Wuyu is an Inner Hall elder. Look..” Huo Nan asked.

“Go and ask him directly. See if he knows anything. Surveillance the residence first before we talk about it.”

All of this had happened at the same time. These things had been triggered by Xu Tui’s capture of Planet Y.

However, what no one knew was that when Xu Tui captured Planet Y, especially when the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole descended on Planet Y, a light suddenly shone in a base deep in a mysterious planet.

Holographic screens lit up again. At the same time, information flow surged out again. That’s right, it surged out. Information streams appeared on various screens like explosions. Countless data and information flow began to circulate crazily in this mysterious base.

This circulation lasted for more than half an hour. Half an hour later, the entire base gradually quietened down from the screen. Not long after, a line of words appeared.

“Multiple information feedback. Manager Number 37 (incomplete authorization) has broken through the blockade and triggered the next level of the unsealing procedure. ”

“Unsealing program activated…”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1