Chapter 1617 - 1617: Exhausted And Unsealing Procedure (3)

Chapter 1617: Exhausted and Unsealing Procedure (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He had to praise women more.

In the quantum teleportation channel, Yanzi blushed slightly. She was very happy. This was probably her happiest moment since the research had produced results.

“Then prepare to blow up this quantum teleportation channel. Then, come and cultivate too. See if you can break through to the Planetary realm, ” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, I’ll study it again. I estimate that we’ll destroy this quantum teleportation channel in ten minutes.”

Ten minutes later, the quantum teleporta tion channel on Planet Y was destroyed. Xu Tui, who was cultivating, heaved a sigh of relief. The other teams that had retreated from Planet X should be safe, right?

This was because ten minutes ago, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet X was still trying to contact them.

The contact was most likely Shui Zhi. As long as the others retreated safely to Eris Star, Xu Tui would be halfway to success in his expedition to Planet Y. However, where should he go next?

Xu Tui began to study the limited star map around him as he cultivated.

The crisis of the expeditionary army had actually just begun.

On Planet X, although he had vomited blood from anger because the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been destroyed, Shui Zhi was still the main elder of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. His shrewdness and temperament were obvious.

Not long after, he suppressed his anger and began to face this matter. He considered the consequences.

“The destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet X must be kept a secret. We must not let anyone else in the Fire Origin Palace know. Otherwise, I’m afraid it will shake the morale of the army,” Shui Zhi immediately instructed Lang Heng.

Lang Heng nodded with a heavy expression. “What about Planet X? Are we still defending it?”

Shui Zhi looked at the completely collapsed intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. His blood pressure jumped again. It was too infuriating.

“Send someone to keep an eye on the interior of the underground safety fortress. If the Blue Star attacks again, retreat directly to Ceres Star. The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had to be rebuilt. Planet X and Planet Y are the most suitable in terms of spatial location and planetary situation,” Shui Zhi instructed.

“Go and guard the underground safety fortress in case the Blue Star humans turn around and cut off our way back.”

Shui Zhi was still very careful. If the Blue Star humans attacked again and destroyed the quantum teleportation channel that led to Ceres Star on Planet X, they would have gone overboard.

Even though he was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and could use his physical body to cross space for a long time, the time it took to return was enough to make him break down.

“Understood. What about you, Elder?” Lang Heng asked in confusion.

“Me?” Shui Zhi sneered. “I’ll go take a look around and see if I can try my luck to find one or two people to vent my anger!”

With that, Shui Zhi turned into a blue light and instantly soared into the sky. At this moment, it had been an hour and a half since Li Qingping and the others evacuated Planet X. The vastness of space was unimaginable.

There were all kinds of energy storms and fluctuations, especially here in the disc. From time to time, meteorites of all sizes would collide and cause a violent energy storm. Under such circumstances, the remaining energy fluctuations when Li Qingping and the others retreated also disappeared without a trace.

Everything met Ah Huang’s calculations. If he delayed Shui Zhi for more than an hour, he would enter a 99% safe time limit. About nine hours later, a blue light returned to Planet X.

Shui Zhi had returned. However, Shui Zhi, who had returned, looked miserable.

The environment of the discrete disk was too complicated. Shui Zhi happened to be swept into the energy storm caused by the collision of two meteors. It was only because he was very powerful that he survived.

Otherwise, it would be a problem if he could return alive. “Elder, are you alright?” Lang Heng stepped forward.

“It’s nothing. Let’s go back to Ceres Star first.”

Up until now, Shui Zhi had not realized what he would encounter when he returned to Ceres Star. However, the change caused by Xu Tui’s expedition to Planet Y had already begun to cause a tidal wave on the mother planet of the Spiritual Race in the Milky Way.

November 11, 2141 Blue Star Time, Year 2866 of the Spiritual Race’s Holy Calendar.

Sanctuary, Sacred Spiritual Planet, the mother planet of the Spiritual Race.

This year, the people on duty in the Sanctuary were the third Main Hall Elder, Huo Nan, and the 13th Main Hall Elder, Mu Sheng.

As the highest leader of the Spiritual Race, he was usually very free.

Over the past thousands of years, the Spiritual Race has been undergoing continuous changes. A stable operating mechanism had already been formed internally.

Even if they were on duty, it was relatively easy for the elders of the Sanctuary.

As for the other main elders, although they had already come out of seclusion because of the Holy Ancestor’s orders, most of them were still comprehending in the most suitable environment.

In the past 2,000 years, no one had truly relied on cultivation to achieve their own small universe.

However, every elder was working hard. After all, it was not that easy to achieve Small Universe. If he worked hard to comprehend it, he would have a chance. If he did not work hard to comprehend it, he would not be able to achieve the Small Universe.

In particular, in recent years, the seals of the various small universes of the ancient rulers had weakened. It was marked by the appearance of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It made the elders realize that their chance to achieve their own small universe might be imminent.

Therefore, he worked harder.

Of course, cultivation, especially at the level of Huo Nan and Mu Sheng, was no longer purely about the accumulation of energy.

Comprehension, state of mind, and so on were very important.

It was common for haste to fail..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1