Chapter 1615 - 1615: Exhaustion And Unsealing Procedure (1)

Chapter 1615: Exhaustion and Unsealing Procedure (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui suddenly thought of Mars when he saw the high concentration of Origin Energy gushing out of the depths of Planet Y.

The way the underground energy channels on Mars surged out was a little similar to Planet Y. However, the difference was that there were seven to eight underground energy channels on Mars.

There was only one on Planet Y. Moreover, Xu Tui had used the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to control the underground energy tunnel on Planet Y. Then how did the underground energy tunnel on Mars come about? Or rather, had the star core of Mars also been swallowed by someone or had an accident?

For a moment, countless doubts surfaced in Xu Tui’s mind. What exactly happened on Mars? Just as Xu Tui was thinking, Ruan Tianzuo, who was cultivating, suddenly opened his eyes.

“High concentration of energy, where did the high concentration of energy come from?” As he exclaimed, Ruan Tianzuo instantly turned into a flash of fire and rushed to Xu Tui’s side at lightning speed. He was shocked when he saw the dense smoke pillar that was gushing out from Xu Tui’s side. “How… How high is the concentration of energy?”

Amidst Ruan Tianzuo’s exclamations, Ullr and the others from the expeditionary army also gathered over.

Xu Tui ignored Ruan Tianzuo. Instead, he quickly activated the latest Seven Star Energy Gathering Array and sent it in all directions. He instantly activated the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array.

He activated the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array to gather the energy spat out by the underground ley line. Although the concentration of energy spat out from the ground was very high, if it was allowed to spread in all directions, the concentration of energy would not be high.

The seven-star energy gathering array that Yanzi had developed was still very powerful. As the energy gathering array began to activate, the energy gushing out of the underground ley line was focused on the area of 100 meters in front of him.

In just three minutes, the area within a 100-meter radius turned into a mist.

From afar, it looked like a dream. However, what was shocking was the concentration of energy here. In just three minutes, the concentration of energy here had increased to 100.

What did 100 units of energy mean?

It was more than 40 times the concentration of energy on Ceres Star, more than 10 times that of the Huaxia Grotto on Blue Star, seven times that of the Planet Peach’s energy gathering cultivation base, and twice that of the place where Xu Tui had cultivated the highest concentration of energy—Shenxiao Prefecture.

Cultivating here for a day was equivalent to cultivating on Ceres Star for more than 40 days.

Moreover, as the energy in the earth vein of Planet Y continued to surge up and was gathered here by the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array, the concentration of energy here was still rapidly increasing.

Ten minutes later, the concentration of energy in the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array had reached 200. It had doubled again. To put it bluntly, anyone below the quasi-planetary realm would suffocate to death if they entered this place.

“Ruan Tianzuo, Ullr, all of you can cultivate freely. Absorb as much energy as you can now.” Xu Tui suddenly gave an order. After all, this was a collective cultivation place. The top Planetary realm experts did not dare to go overboard. “Cui Xi, Yan Lie, all of you come back to cultivate. Immediately!”

Then, Xu Tui released Little Six and the others. He handed the task of guarding the area to them. All the members of the expeditionary army went all out to cultivate. Xu Tui gave such an order because he felt that there was too much Origin Energy gushing out of the earth vein. If he did not speed up the consumption, the energy concentration here would immediately reach the upper limit of the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array.

After reaching the upper limit, it was very likely that it would break through the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array.

There was no data on the upper limit of the energy concentration that the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array could gather because there had not been such a high concentration of energy for experiments.

However, Xu Tui could roughly sense the limits of his mental perception.

Currently, the limit of the energy concentration gathered by the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array might exceed 300, but it would definitely not exceed 400.

“Yanzi, how’s your research on the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel? If you can’t produce any results in a short period of time, we’ll blow it up first. Come and cultivate first. Such a cultivation opportunity is once in a blue moon,” Xu Tui said.

“I think I can. Give me some more time.”

“Commander Xu, how did you get such a pure energy concentration? Why do I feel that the energy concentration here is much purer than the energy concentration in the Origin Crystals we absorbed?

“Even if the energy concentration of this extremely pure source is only three, the cultivation effect is twice as good as that of other planets in the same environment!” After cultivating for a few minutes, Ullr could not help but be puzzled.

“I’m not sure either. Currently, it can be said to be a coincidence. Hurry up and cultivate!”

Xu Tui also began to cultivate as he spoke. But he did not cultivate with all his might. Instead, he used the Soul Crystal to recover his mind power while using his mind power to cultivate plunderingly. Once he used teleportation, the energy in a small area would disappear.

Xu Tui could no longer describe the efficiency of his cultivation. In terms of energy concentration and purity, the cultivation effect here was about 200 times that of Ceres Star, and about 40 times that of Planet Peach. Moreover, this cultivation efficiency was based on the cultivation effects of Wen Xinglun, Wen Shao, Cui Xi, and the others..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1