Chapter 1628 - 1628: Shang Long’S Sword Dao And Breakthrough

Chapter 1628: Shang Long’s Sword Dao and Breakthrough

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the cosmic tunnel of the solar system, Shang Long and the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, were fighting a bloody battle. The battle situation was more intense than he had imagined. It could even be said to be a little tragic.

There was a fist-sized bloody hole in Shui Zhi’s chest and abdomen. At this moment, it had already been sealed by cold ice. The bloody hole in his left chest was especially dangerous. It almost caused his heart to explode by Shang Long’s sword.

What was worse was that Shang Long’s sword light already had a hint of the power of the Sword Dao.

If Shui Zhi’s heart was destroyed by an ordinary sword light, then with his current powerful ability and physical fitness, he could use his healing power to regenerate his heart in a short period of time.

However, if it was exploded by Shang Long’s sword light that contained the power of the Sword Dao, the power of the Sword Dao would be gathered near the wound. Even Shui Zhi would not be able to remove it in a short period of time.

The consequence of not being able to remove it was that his heart could not be regenerated. The fact that the heart could not be regenerated meant that Shui Zhi’s body would completely die.

Losing his physical body was also a huge blow to Shui Zhi. His future path of advancement was almost cut off. However, the most dangerous thing was Shui Zhi’s other injury.

Shui Zhi’s right ear had already disappeared. It had been cut off by Shang Long’s other sword light. This sword was extremely dangerous. If he had not deflected the force quickly, his head would have exploded.

If Shui Zhi’s head exploded with a single strike, not only would he lose his physical body, but his mental body would also be severely injured. Once that happened, Shui Zhi would really lose this battle!

It had to be said that although Shang Long was only at the peak of the Eight Satellites, his combat strength was extremely sharp. It shocked Shui Zhi.

But if one looked at Shang Long, they would realize that he was in a much more sorry state than Shui Zhi. Other than the fact that Shang Long’s left arm was gone and his face was covered in blood, his entire face had caved in.

That was because his face had collapsed from Shui Zhi’s Ice Explosion.

However, these injuries were not fatal. What was terrifying was that every time Shang Long flew or moved, his body would drop pieces of flesh and bones. These pieces of meat had long been frozen and necrotic. They kept falling under the vibrations of the power fluctuations.

After half a day of battle, Shang Long’s two thighs had all fallen, and half of his abdomen had also fallen.

The ice was constantly attacking Shang Long’s body. With Shang Long’s current strength, he could only protect his head and heart with all his might. Although the other parts still looked like they were there, they were probably dead.

It could be seen that the battle was actually disadvantageous to Shang Long. If this continued, Shang Long’s heart would be necrotic. If his heart was necrotic, his body would not be far from being completely damaged.

At that time, Shang Long, who had lost his physical body, would definitely not be able to last long against the powerful Shui Zhi.

Far away, Erera, who was watching the battle, was about to go crazy. If Shang Long had not strictly forbidden her from participating in the battle, she would have rushed out to participate in the battle long ago.

Shang Long’s appearance was really shocking. In comparison, Shui Zhi was calmer. However, Shui Zhi was in a bad mood. If possible, he even wanted to kill Chi Jing.

It was so…!

Not only had he made a plan when he went to battle, but he had also informed the people of the Spiritual Race several times to attack. There was no need for many people. All he needed was an Eight Satellites to rush over and attack Shang Long with him.

It would not take long. In just a few seconds, he would be able to end the battle in an extremely short period of time and completely severely injure or even kill Shang Long.

Unfortunately, Chi Jing had been making all kinds of excuses. He said that the Blue Star humans were tightly guarded in the cosmic tunnel and that they might not be able to rush out.

Shui Zhi was furious. In fact, in the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing, another Eight Satellites Planetary realm, Bing Ze, and a few other Seven Satellites were also hesitating.

According to Bing Ze, he must have followed Shui Zhi’s instructions and rushed out at all costs to receive Shui Zhi and help him kill Shang Long.

Unfortunately, Chi Jing asked Bing Ze three questions.

“If it’s really as the Sanctuary suspects, Elder Shui Zhi has already betrayed the enemy. What if everything he’s done so far is to lure us out and into the ambush circle set up by the Blue Star? What should we do?

“Even if Elder Shui Zhi did not defect to the enemy, we can only rush out through the branch tunnel of the Fire Origin Palace and enter the Ceres Star cosmic tunnel to support Elder Shui Zhi.

“As you can already see, the Blue Star humans have already made a response at the cosmic tunnel. So many three-phase thermal bombs will blast over at any time. If we want to reinforce him, we have to send out two Eight Satellites at the same time. Only you and I can lead the team to break through the blockade. However, there will definitely be losses.

“Who will bear the responsibility of losses? Also, you and I, the two Eight Satellites, have already left the Fire Origin Palace. What if the other humans on the Blue Star take the opportunity to attack the Fire Origin Palace and it falls? Who will be responsible for it?”

It was undeniable that Chi Jing was more or less selfish in not supporting Shui Zhi. However, Bing Ze could not answer Chi Jing’s three questions.

Bing Ze could not bear any responsibility. No one could. After all, the Sanctuary was the one who thought that there was a problem with Shui Zhi. At this moment, the Sanctuary had asked Shui Zhi to prove his innocence.

What Bing Ze could not understand was why Lang Zong would report to the Sanctuary that Elder Shui Zhi had defected to the enemy before he died..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1