Chapter 1626 - 1626: Besieging The Blue Star Rats And Reconstruction (3)

Chapter 1626 - 1626: Besieging the Blue Star Rats and Reconstruction (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

“Or should we head straight into the encirclement of the Spiritual Race? After all, this is the asteroid closest to Planet Y. It’s very likely that it’s the gathering area of the enemy’s forces!” Ullr raised an opinion.

No one in the Worldly Demon Slayer Team questioned Xu Tui’s decision after the official military meeting. Clearly, Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo were not included.

“Ullr, your worries are reasonable. However, think about it on the other hand. If the enemy had gathered a large number of troops on Planet Big Bear 1142, would the gathered troops have guard Planet Number 1142 to death?” Xu Tui asked.

“I don’t think so.”

“Then this is our chance! Moreover, the current information is that there are two quantum teleportation channels on Planet 1142. Other than the fact that there are very few experts who can gather on this planet, we have to use this quantum teleportation channel to escape the possible encirclement,” Xu Tui said.

“But what if there are Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses ? Can you do it?” This was the question that Ullr was most worried about. After asking this question, Ruan Tianzuo also looked over.

“Kill the Nine Satellites?” Xu Tui smiled. Then, he gave everyone an affirmative answer. “Of course. Although I have to pay a certain price, as long as it’s not a continuous battle, I can afford this price.”

As soon as these words were spoken, everyone felt an inexplicable sense of confidence or stability.

This was because the biggest problem with the expedition to this unfamiliar

Star Field was actually the invincible Nine Satellites Planetary realm. It had always been like a mountain pressing down on everyone’s heads, making them feel suffocated.

It was said that Xu Tui had paid a huge price to kill the Nine Satellites. Now that they had received Xu Tui’s affirmative answer, everyone had some confidence in the future. After all, he already had the strength to kill the Nine Satellites. As long as he was not surrounded by a bunch of Nine Satellites, there would be no problems.

“Alright, there’s still the last day of cultivation before we approach Planet Big Bear 1142. I’ve already sent you the Origin Crystals I seized from Planet Y. I hope that you won’t be stingy. Cultivate with your lives and consume it. Convert these Origin Crystals into strength as soon as possible. Otherwise, when you die in battle, these Origin Crystals will probably belong to the enemy.” Xu Tui’s small joke gave everyone immense pressure.

For a moment, they began to cultivate with all their might. Actually, there were many spoils on Planet Y, but not many people in the expeditionary army had quantum dimensional chains.

Those who had it were Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Yanzi and Ullr. Mu Xingluan, Li

Zheng, and Yan Xuejin activated it with the help of An Xiaoxue. Qu Qingshan, Miao Huanshan, Wen Shao, and Yan Lie also activated it with Xu Tui’s help.

However, the capacity of their quantum dimensional space was very small, about two to five cubic meters. Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Yanzi were the only ones who could carry excess resources. Therefore, most of the spoils of war on Planet Y were abandoned. They only took away Origin Crystals, some medicine, some Spiritual Race equipment, and some food.

There were a total of 130,000 grams of Origin Crystal. Other than the 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals that were reserved for the expeditionary army’s emergency, the rest of the Origin Crystals were distributed, ranging from 3,000 to 5,000 per person.

Strength!

They could continuously increase their strength during the expedition.

Up until now, Xu Tui had a clear strategy in his mind—use battle to nurture battle. If everything went smoothly, he might be able to train a bunch of killing gods with this group of people.

On the 15th of November 2140 of the Blue Star Calendar, the first batch of Spiritual Race’s reinforcements from the surrounding planets arrived on Planet

The commander of this team was a major general of the Spiritual Race’s Earth Division, Ta Shichen, and an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

He was the commander of the Star Field garrison of the dozen or so asteroids around him. But Planet Y was not in his defense area. However, the moment something happened, he brought his men and rushed to Planet Y.

In order to speed up, he crossed with his physical body and arrived at Planet Y immediately.

The Northern Star Field was considered the inland Star Field of the Spiritual Race. Over the years, they had rarely fought. Occasionally, they would fight with space pirates. Therefore, when Ta Shichen saw the thousands of rotting corpses in the Planet Ys Command Base, he almost vomited on the spot.

However, several of his subordinates vomited. It was not that they had never experienced war, but this was the first time they had seen such a tragic battlefield.

Soon, Ta Shichen reported all the situation on Planet Y to Big Bear Star. He speculated that the Blue Star Rats had left two to three days ago. Currently, they might still be wandering in the universe, but their exact direction is unknown.

All the technological equipment on Planet Y was destroyed. The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet Y was also destroyed. However, perhaps because the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been destroyed, the concentration of energy on the surface of Planet Y had increased slightly.

Ta Shichen reported all of this to the Big Bear Star. Ta Shichen did not notice the huge hole in the ground, including the deep underground hole that had been filled in. That was the tunnel that had surged out of the underground earth vein previously. Xu Tui and the others had filled it in when they left.

Basically, there was nothing unusual about Planet Y. It was just that there was something that did make Ta Shichen uncomfortable. Ever since he arrived on

Planet Y, Ta Shichen had felt uncomfortable. He felt that Planet Y was lifeless..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1