Chapter 1625 - 1625: Besieging The Blue Star Rats And Reconstruction (2)

Chapter 1625: Besieging the Blue Star Rats and Reconstruction (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Tell me, among these 17 asteroids, which planet is the enemy’s next target most likely to land on?” Mu Sheng asked.

“Elder, first of all, it won’t be Asteroid 1142.” Governor Mu Jing was the first to speak. “It’s too close. It’s meaningless to the Blue Star invaders and is extremely dangerous. Once they land on this asteroid, it’s very likely that they will be surrounded by us.

“Personally, I think that these five asteroids that are ten to 20 days away from Planet Y might be the key landing targets of the enemy.”

After Mu Jing finished speaking, the commander-in-chief of the Northern Star Field, Huo Xiao, drew two circles on the Star Field Spiritual Diagram. “Elder, my initial strategy is to use 1,500 Planetary realms and 3,000 quasi-planets to form 150 search teams. Then, with Asteroid 1142 and Asteroid 1152 as base points, they searched around Planet Y.

“Isn’t it too much to use so many troops? Moreover, if all the quantum teleportation channels of the various planets are closed, not to mention losses, how can we save the other planets if they are attacked?” Mu Jing raised an objection.

It was obvious that Mu Jing and Huo Xiao were not on good terms. However, Mu Sheng was not the kind of person who only knew about internal strife.

After thinking for a while, he also drew a circle on the spiritual diagram. “Huo Xiao’s plan is the safest from a military perspective. Follow his plan. However, there are two points that I have to remind you of.”

As soon as these words were spoken, Huo Xiao’s nervous and depressed mood was greatly alleviated. He quickly said respectfully.

“First, the quantum teleportation channels can’t be closed. Not to mention the economic losses, wouldn’t it be crippling to our forces if a Blue Star team of about a dozen people let us close a third of the quantum teleportation channel in the Northern Star Field? If we encounter an attack, we won’t be able to provide support in an anxious situation.”

Huo Xiao nodded in agreement.

“Secondly, other than your two circles of search and extermination, we also have to arrange for three more elite encirclement teams to be on standby in a reasonable Star Field. Once we discover the enemy, attack and exterminate them in the shortest time possible.

“In addition, each of these three elite encirclement teams had to be equipped with one to two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. The Nine Satellites were not enough, so the Eight Satellites would replenish their combat strength. It had to be known that this team had once killed a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“At the moment, we don’t Imow if the expert who killed the Nine Satellites has come, but we have to treat him carefully!” Mu Sheng said.

“Elder is right. I’ll arrange for action immediately,” Huo Xiao said.

“Alright, then I’ll leave the command of the encirclement and suppression of aliens to you, Huo Xiao. I’ll wait for good news on Big Bear Star,” Mu Sheng said.

“Don’t worry, Elder. I’ll definitely bring the extraterrestrial invaders to you in the shortest time possible,” Huo Xiao said happily.

As soon as Huo Xiao finished speaking, Mu Zhengyue interrupted, “Commander Huo Xiao, if you find out the specific whereabouts, you must inform me. I want to see the combat strength of the Blue Star humans with my own eyes so that I can prepare for the next expedition to the solar system.”

Huo Xiao cursed when he heard this. He cursed Mu Zhengyue for being shameless !

Why did he scold him like that?

This was because if Mu Zhengyue went over, he would most likely get half of the credit. However, if they lost the battle or did not kill this invading alien team for a long time, the one responsible would be Huo Xiao. It had nothing to do with Mu Zhengyue.

In other words, he was the one who had worked hard and was responsible for taking the blame. However, the credit had to be shared. It would be strange if Huo Xiao did not scold him.

“Yes, that’s right. There might be an existence among the enemies who can kill the Nine Satellites. We have to be careful. Zhengyue’s strength has already reached the peak of the Nine Satellites. His combat strength is powerful. It can also help you,” the main elder, Mu Sheng, said.

Since Mu Sheng had already said so, what else could Huo Xiao say? It was just that he had plucked the fruit so brilliantly that he could not even say a word. He did not have to take responsibility if anything happened.

As expected of the main elder!

Of course, the main elder, Mu Sheng, was already very supportive to be able to support his strategy.

Immediately, the commander of the Northern Star Field followed the immediate strategy and began to mobilize the combat strength of the Northern Star Field. It was estimated that in half a month, they would be able to transport 1,500 Planetary realm and 3,000 quasi-planetary experts to their designated locations and begin the encirclement.

This military operation was finally defined by the main elder, Mu Sheng, as a ferocious tiger beating a rat.

Why did he say that?

This was because in this operation, not to mention the 1,500 Planetary realm powerhouses, there were already eight Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses in the entire Northern Star Field.

This was especially so for the three elite teams. Each team was equipped with two Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

In fact, among the other 1,500 Planetary realm experts, there were only two

Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. Furthermore, they were divided into 150 teams. Their goal was to find the invading Blue Star Rats as soon as possible.

That’s right, a Blue Star rat!

Just as the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field began to surround and attack, Xu Tui and the others were also rushing toward the target planet.

The target planet was Planet Big Bear, Asteroid 1142.

At this moment, they were making their final decision.

“If we were to launch a surprise attack on Planet 1142, would we encounter the

Spiritual Race troops surrounding us?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1