Chapter 1622 - 1622: The Injustice And Anger Of Shui Zhi (3)

Chapter 1622 - 1622: The Injustice and Anger of Shui Zhi (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

But now…

“Elder, the Sanctuary has an emergency communication. They want Chi Jing or you to answer it with Chi Jing.” Bing Ze came over with a communication device embedded with a high-level colony of the Ling Clan.

“What?” Shui Zhi stood up abruptly.

Shui Zhi was not surprised that the Sanctuary had come to make an emergency communication. After all, several Blue Star humans had killed their way into the Spiritual Race’s territory. They would definitely come for interrogation.

But what was going on with asking Chi Jing to pick it up together? It even had the intention of making Chi Jing the main character? It had to be known that he, Shui Zhi, was the main elder and the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force. No matter what, it was not Chi Jing’s turn.

A ferocious light flashed in Shui Zhi’s eyes. Something must have happened that he did not know about. Did Chi Jing enter the Sanctuary to talk? “Has Chi Jing contacted the Sanctuary recently?” Shui Zhi asked anxiously.

“I don’t think so.” Bing Ze shook his head. After all, there were only one or two communication devices that could contact the Sanctuary from afar.

“Then let’s not inform Chi Jing first. I’ll…”

Hearing this, a helpless look appeared in Bing Ze’s eyes. “Elder, the person who came to inform me is the third main elder, Lord Huo Nan. He ordered me to inform Lord Chi Jing first. I’ve already informed him…”

“You!”

Shui Zhi was furious, but before he could flare up, Huo Nan’s indifferent voice sounded from the communication disk. “Shui Zhi, I didn’t expect you to return to the Fire Origin Palace. It looks like the information might be wrong. Of course, it might also be because you have bigger motives.”

Shui Zhi was a little confused. “Huo Nan, what do you mean?”

“What do I mean? You’ll know in a while.”

Suddenly, footsteps sounded in the hall outside Shui Zhi’s door. Without waiting for Shui Zhi to be puzzled, he saw Chi Jing striding in with the other five Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

“Elder Huo Nan, Chi Jing has brought people over.”

“Did you bring the spiritual treasure?” Huo Nan asked from the communication disk.

“I’ve already brought it, ” Chi Jing replied respectfully.

“If anything happens later, just follow my orders and activate the Spiritual Treasure at all costs,” Huo Nan said.

“I understand.”

At the side, Shui Zhi was shocked and furious when he heard this conversation.

He knew about Spiritual Treasures. The Spiritual Race originally had seven Spiritual Treasures. Before the New Year, the Holy Ancestor appeared in the Sanctuary and gave them eight more Spiritual Treasures before he left.

However, none of them were in his hands.

When he heard that Chi Jing was coming over with a spiritual treasure, he reacted in shock and anger.

Huo Nan asked Chi Jing to come over with a spiritual treasure and be prepared to activate it at any time. Could it be that he wanted to deal with him? Just as Shui Zhi was furious, a dark red dragon-shaped red shuttle had already appeared in front of Chi Jing.

Fire Dragon Shuttle!

This was one of the spiritual treasures passed down by the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race. It was extremely powerful.

Chi Jing had already activated the Fire Dragon Shuttle. While the Fire Dragon Shuttle split out a little fire to protect Chi Jing, the light of the Fire Dragon Shuttle suddenly locked onto Shui Zhi.

Shui Zhi’s heart skipped a beat again. He became anxious. “Huo Nan, what do you mean?”

Although he was shouting, Shui Zhi did not dare to act rashly. At such a close distance, even if Shui Zhi had not lowered his cultivation level to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, he did not dare to guarantee that he could withstand an attack from the Fire Dragon Shuttle.

Not to mention now.

After Chi Jing prepared the Fire Dragon Shuttle, Huo Nan, who was in the communication disk, slowly asked, “Shui Zhi, there are a few questions that I hope you can answer truthfully. Otherwise, even if you are the main elder, this Fire Dragon Shuttle can execute you on the spot!”

The word ‘execute’ was usually used to kill guilty people within the Spiritual Race. When he heard the word ‘execute’, Shui Zhi was shocked and furious, but he did not dare to flare up. He could only hold back his anger and say, “What exactly is going on?”

“Shui Zhi, did you betray the Spiritual Race and defect to the enemy?”

Not only was Shui Zhi tongue-tied by Huo Nan’s question, but even Chi Jing was dumbfounded. That was impossible, right? However, this was the only way to explain the actions of the third main seat, Elder Huo Nan.

“Huo Nan, is there something wrong with your brain? I betrayed the Spiritual Race and defected to the enemy. Have I gone crazy?” Shui Zhi cursed.

“We’re also very curious. What kind of price did the Blue Star humans offer you to betray the Spiritual Race? Is it a way to advance to the Small Universe?” Huo Nnan asked.

“You’re f*cking talking nonsense!” At this point, no matter how well-mannered Shui Zhi was, he still flew into a rage. “What exactly is going on? I iust returned from Planet X and was about to reoort the incident on Planet X.

“Who exactly is framing me for betrayal!” Shui Zhi said angrily.

“Commander of Planet Y’s Defense, your trusted aide, Lang Zong, has already died in battle! However, his last words before he died in battle indicated that you had already betrayed the Spiritual Race. At the same time, the quantum artificial intelligence on Planet Y has also discovered your image on Planet Y.”

“You’re slandering me! I’m still on Planet X. I’m still in the solar system. The intergalactic quantum teleportation channels on Planet X and Planet Y have been destroyed. If I’m on Planet Y, how can I return to the solar system? Huo Nan, have you become demented from drinking tea in the Sanctuary every day? You can’t even see such a simple loophole?” Shui Zhi cursed.

Huo Nan smiled. “We naturally thought of that. But what if you arrive at Planet Y first and return to Planet X before the quantum teleportation channel is destroyed?”

“You!” At this moment, Shui Zhi was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. He could not defend himself. Especially since this shitty blame was put on by his trusted aide, Lang Zong. It was simply too much! For a moment, Shui Zhi felt that he could not defend himself..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1