Chapter 1621 - 1621: The Injustice And Anger Of Shui Zhi (2)

Chapter 1621 - 1621: The Injustice and Anger of Shui Zhi (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Although Commander Xu Tui took away a portion of our strength, most of it was from the main team of the Worldly Demon Slayers. We did not lose much of the strength of the Blue Star.

However, this premise was what Anlevich and Li Qingping would say after they returned. It would take at least 27 days for them to return. In that case, we had to increase our vigilance in this month and be careful of the counterattack and attack of the Spiritual Race.

“Especially the data sent over. The Spiritual Race has accumulated a large number of mid to high-level Planetary realm experts in the past two to three months. We have to be careful,” Cai Shaochu said.

“The situation is urgent. Give the order in my name as the acting regiment commander first, then convene a staff meeting to discuss the specific strategy.” Shang Long directly authorized it.

“Alright.”

“Order all the Dlanets occuoied bv the various teams with cosmic tunnel nodes to enter a state of war. All the cosmic tunnel node fortresses to enter a state of lockdown.

“Order the quantum teleportation channels of the various planets to enter a strategic support state. Planetary realm powerhouses are not allowed to pass through unless necessary.

“Order the defensive fortresses of the various cosmic tunnels to start expanding again according to the suggestion sent by Commander Xu Tui.”

This order was based on Xu Tui’s thoughts on the Spiritual Race’s underground defense fortress on Planet X. Although the Blue Star’s current defensive fortress at the node of the cosmic tunnel was generally two to three levels, it was not enough. He had to continue strengthening it.

In Xu Tui’s opinion, the price of strengthening it was nothing.

In recent years, the Blue Star humans had obtained a large number of resource asteroids in the extra-terrestrial. Steel and concrete had become extremely cheap. As for manpower, there were many intelligent robots.

Xu Tui’s current thought was to pile it up. They had to build the defensive fortresses at all costs at the various cosmic tunnel nodes in the solar system. Not to mention building three to five floors, as long as time allowed, they could even build a solid fortress that was several kilometers thick.

This represented the safety of the fortress after it was locked down. As long as it was thick enough, even a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse would have to spend a long time to break through.

If it was too thick, coupled with a certain level of attack, it would be enough to make the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses retreat.

Actually, Planet Peach had taken the lead in such construction before the expedition. The 3,000 third-generation dwarf robots were building the cosmic tunnel node firearms defense fortress on Planet Peach. The second level of the cosmic tunnel defense fortress was one kilometer thick.

It was a reinforced concrete block that could only allow three to four people to pass through. Currently, it is still thickening. However, at this moment, such a project began to be promoted to all planets with cosmic tunnel nodes.

At the same time, the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, who had personally gone to support Planet X, returned to the Fire Origin Palace.

Shui Zhi, who had returned to the Fire Origin Palace, did not immediately use an emergency communication method to contact the Spiritual Race’s mother planet to report the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

He was still considering how to report this. Actually, he was not too responsible for the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Although it was very difficult to create an intergalactic quantum array core, there were still reserves within the Spiritual Race. Otherwise, so many Inner Hall elders in the Sanctuary would be idle.

As long as he chose a suitable planet, he could still build another one.

Actually, if not for the interference of the solar system’s high- temperature fire screen, it would have been relatively easy to set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Due to the existence and interference of the high-temperature fire screen, the teleportation distance of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was greatly reduced. Therefore, the location was very important.

At this moment, Shui Zhi was considering how to report the death of Huo Qi.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm was the top combat power even within the Spiritual Race. Furthermore, it was not something that could be achieved in batches.

It could be said that every Planetary realm Nine Satellites was very precious to the Spiritual Race. There were also a limited number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm in the Spiritual Race. There would only be one every many years. Every death meant one less.

As for Huo Qi, he was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fire Sect who was good at attacking. Someone had to be responsible for his death.

On the surface, the death of Huo Qi, including the fall of Planet X, would be handled by him, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army.

Shui Zhi knew very well that he had to settle this matter while he was still in the solar system and try his best to reduce his responsibility. Otherwise, he might suffer a loss in the future.

Although the 15 main elders were all main elders, their rankings were related to power. Otherwise, he would not have been forced to lower his cultivation level and come to the solar system.

In that case, who should be the main responsibility for Huo Qi’s death? Shui Zhi thought of Bing Wei and Kun Yuan, who had already died in battle. In any case, they were already dead. It did not matter if they took more responsibility. However, they had to plan carefully how to get this responsibility on them.

The Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary was not easy to fool. While he was deep in thought, the other Eight Satellites Planetary realm, Bing Ze, quickly arrived in front of Shui Zhi.

Bing Ze was also Shui Zhi’s trusted aide. He was also one of the two Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses that he had transferred over through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Shui Zhi felt a little regretful when he saw Bing Ze.

Back then, he should have let Bing Ze guard Planet X. If Bing Ze, the Eight Satellites, had guarded Planet X, then with the cooperation of Huo Qi, Planet X might not have fallen, and Huo Qi would not have died in battle.

However, he had asked Bing Ze to return to the Fire Origin Palace to hide so that he could accumulate strength as soon as possible and flatten the Blue

Star..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1