Chapter 1620 - 1620: The Injustice And Anger Of Shui Zhi (1)

Chapter 1620 - 1620: The Injustice and Anger of Shui Zhi (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The unsealing procedure has been preliminary completed.”

“The unsealing order has been issued to the various base nodes.”

“Some of the base nodes have already been unsealed. Some of the base nodes are waiting tor tne unseal conditions to De triggered.”

“After testing, the strength of the solar system’s Sun Guardian has decreased to 57%. It has already triggered the safety cordon and meets the requirements to activate the final hope program.”

“The final hope program has been activated. The awakening order has been issued. It is about to enter the power preparation period.”

“After testing, the first Guardian power of the final hope program has been exhausted. The second Guardian power will be activated, and the third Guardian power will enter the awakening stage.”

“Because the final hope program has been activated, according to the authorization, we will give the manager a certain hint without endangering his safety. The Pyro Guide’s unseal program has been sent.”

“Wait for the Pyro Guide to trigger the unsealing program.”

In a series of data flows, the light and shadow in the entire mysterious base slowly extinguished again. However, after this extermination, a long sigh sounded in the mysterious base. “Is the second half of the third species war finally coming? I wonder if their descendants were ready. Did they find a way to solve the ultimate problem?

“Good luck.. I… shouldn’t be as lonely as before, right? Or perhaps it’s time for it to end…

November 12, 2141, Ceres Star.

Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Augusto, Haydoff, and the others gathered in the Wood Origin Palace. They looked at the urgent message that Planet Kono had just sent with heavy expressions.

Half an hour ago, Planet Kono received urgent messages from the vice-captain of Planet X’s expeditionary army, Anrevich, and Li Qingping.

The expeditionary army successfully attacked Planet X, but they encountered the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race, Huo Qi. There were also Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, Kun Yuan, and the unfamiliar Six Satellites.

Commander Xu Tui had paid a huge price to use his secret technique and supernatural ability. He first shattered the body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Huo Qi. After that, everyone surrounded and annihilated the mental body of Huo Qi. However, according to the information on the scene, the Nine Satellites garrison of Ceres Star, Shui Zhi, was about to arrive.

According to various data models, it was very likely that half or even more of the expeditionary army would die in battle. In the end, Commander Xu Tui brought a portion of his members to form the Planet Y Expeditionary Army and used the intergalactic quantum teleportation tunnel on Planet Y to restrain Shui Zhi and fight for a chance of survival for the others.

Currently, the members of the Expeditionary Force who had withdrawn to the Eris Star were all safe. There was no news of Xu Tui and the members of the Expeditionary Force on Planet Y.

Other than that, Anrevich and Li Qingping sent them a special reminder from Xu Tui.

“If the quantum teleportation channel is destroyed, be careful of the Spiritual Race’s counterattack! The Spiritual Race might have accumulated power that exceeds our imagination in the past few months.

In addition, Commander Xu Tui would not be able to return and deal with the matters of the Demon Slayer Commander for the time being.

“He ordered that Shang Long will temporarily replace him as the regiment commander. The matters of the regiment will be decided by Shang Long, the deputy regiment commander, the chief of staff, Cai Shaochu, and the members of the staff team.”

A few messages made everyone look at each other.

“No wonder the Spiritual Race didn’t even raise their heads when I brought people to attack the Fire Origin Palace. Only Chi Jing controlled the power of the Fire Origin Palace to defend to the death. It turns out that Shui Zhi went to support Planet X.”

After Shang Long finished speaking, he suddenly looked at Cai Shaochu.

“Shaochu, can you confirm that Xu Tui is safe? Or can you contact Xu Tui? If Xu Tui is in danger, we have to rescue him at all costs!”

Instantly, everyone looked at Cai Shaochu. The higher-ups in the meeting understood what Shang Long meant.

Xu Tui was very important to the current Blue Star. Firstly, it was their cohesion. It had not been easy for Xu Tui to gather the power of the Blue Star into a group. If something happened to Xu Tui, it would probably…

Secondly, it was easy for Xu Tui to pay a huge price to use a supernatural secret technique to shatter the body of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

It could be said that everyone present, including Shang Long, did not have the chance to pay a huge price. Even Shang Long found it extremely, extremely difficult to kill the body of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Unless Shang Long broke through to the Nine Satellites.

“Xu Tui and I have a few special contact details. I’ll try the first one first.” As he spoke, Cai Shaochu crushed three of his hyphens in a row. Not long after, one of Cai Shaochu’s hyphens shattered without any warning. Just as everyone was feeling worried, Cai Shaochu smiled.

“I asked Xu Tui if he was safe at the moment. Xu Tui’s answer was affirmative,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Can you ask further about his situation or how to cooperate with them?” Augustus asked.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu shook his head. “The function of my hyphen is very simple. I can only rely on the secret message we agreed on in advance to transmit a simple message. I can’t contact him directly.”

“Do you have any other contact information?” Shang Long asked.

“There is. However, according to the agreement, Xu Tui needs to take the initiative to contact us with that contact information. Otherwise, there’s a possibility that their location will be exposed,” Cai Shaochu said.

Shang Long nodded slightly. “Then follow Xu Tui’s orders. I’ll temporarily be the acting commander of the Worldly Demon Slayer Regiment. However, the specific strategy will be decided by the staff committee and Shaochu.” Shang Long understood what Xu Tui meant.

Xu Tui wanted to use his reputation to suppress the Worldly Demon Slayers during this period of time and unite the power of the Blue Star. The specific matters would be decided by Cai Shaochu, the chief of staff..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1