Chapter 1627 - 1627: Besieging The Blue Star Rats And Reconstruction (4)

Chapter 1627 - 1627: Besieging the Blue Star Rats and Reconstruction (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

It smelled like death.

However, Ta Shichen did not mind. It was too normal for the smell of death to appear on such a tragic battlefield with thousands of corpses. It would become normal after some time. Therefore, Ta Shichen replied to the relevant information of the Big Bear Star. The basic situation of Planet Y was stable, and the rapid reconstruction had been activated.

After receiving this report, the main elder of Big Bear Star, Mu Sheng, also gave Ta Shichen new instructions.

After building another quantum teleportation channel for Planet Y, the spare intergalactic quantum array core would be teleported over.

After receiving the intergalactic quantum array core, Ta Shichen had to activate the intergalactic quantum array core in the shortest time possible and reestablish contact with the solar system expeditionary army.

The other half of the quantum array core had already been activated in the solar system.

The reason why he was so anxious was because in the solar system, the incident of Shui Zhi stepping down as the commander and attacking alone, coupled with Chi Jing taking over, causing the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet X had already vaguely spread within the expeditionary army.

This news greatly affected the morale of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force. After all, the impact of being alone was too great. Therefore, they had to reconstruct the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel with the solar system in a short period of time. While reviving their morale, they had to take advantage of this opportunity to strive to teleport another large number of soldiers to the solar system within a few months at all costs. Then, they would flatten the Blue Star.

The reason why he was so anxious was very simple. In the previous solar system, three families coexisted. The Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race. While the three families were cooperating, the three families were also restraining each other. None of them dared to take too big a step.

If he took too big a step, the other two families would not sit back and do nothing.

But now, the Muya team has been completely wiped out by Xu Tui. The Great Xi Clan had taken the initiative to retreat because their strength had been greatly reduced. In the solar system, the Spiritual Race dominated.

This was a once in a lifetime opportunity. Taking advantage of this opportunity to flatten the Blue Star, all the benefits of the Blue Star would belong to the Spiritual Race. After obtaining the benefits of the Blue Star, the possibility of the Spiritual Race monopolizing the world in the future was extremely high.

Most importantly, it was different on the Holy Ancestor’s side. Therefore, Mu Sheng was very anxious. He was not interested in the contribution points from exterminating the invading Blue Star Rats. However, if he could flatten the Blue Star under his command and take all the benefits of the Blue Star into the hands of the Spiritual Race, he would have made a great contribution.

To put it bluntly, with this contribution, he would definitely be able to obtain the Holy Ancestor’s recognition and reward. It was very likely that he, Mu Sheng, would be the next Spiritual Race’s Great Elder.

Therefore, Mu Sheng was very anxious to rebuild the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that connected to the solar system. After all, it would take a large amount of time to teleport a large number of experts across galaxies to the solar system even if there was a quantum teleportation channel.

After receiving instructions from Mu Sheng, the Spiritual Race’s Earth Division’s Major General, Ta Shichen, immediately set up a quantum teleportation channel with another planet. After that, the backup intergalactic quantum array core would be sent over through the quantum teleportation channel and handed over to him to set up the intergalactic quantum array core.

Ta Shichen was also very enthusiastic about this. If he did it well, it would be a great contribution. Moreover, it was possible for him to board the ship of Mu Sheng, or even go to the Blue Star to collect a wave of contribution points.

At the same time, Ah Huang’s notification sounded from the flagship of Xu Tui’s expeditionary fleet. “Xu Tui, we have arrived near Big Bear 1142. We are

1.4 million kilometers away from 1142. We are still about 11 hours away.”

“Roger that.” Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s voice sounded in the minds of Lavis, Ullr, Wen Xinglun, An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, Lang Biao, and the others.

“Everyone, are you ready? The operation is about to begin.”

“Honorable Commander, I am ready to use my hyperdrive ability at any time.” Lavis’ voice sounded.

Just as Lavis’ voice sounded, in the cosmic tunnel of the solar system, the battle between Shang Long and Shui Zhi had also come to an end..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1