Chapter 1624 - 1624: Besieging The Blue Star Rats And Reconstruction (1)

Chapter 1624: Besieging the Blue Star Rats and Reconstruction (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the afternoon of November 14, the year 2141 of the Blue Star Calendar, the reconnaissance personnel discovered that Shui Zhi, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Spiritual Race, had come out of the cosmic tunnel

or tne Fire urlgmal yalace. HIS motive was unKnown.

After receiving the news, the Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Blue Star, Shang Long, the Huaxia Swordsman, also came out of the cosmic tunnel of the Wood Origin Palace to stop Shui Zhi.

Ten minutes later, Shang Long and Shui Zhi fought in the cosmic tunnel. Under Erera’s lead, some of the top experts on the Blue Star also entered the cosmic tunnel to prepare for battle and support Shang Long at any time.

After all, Shang Long was at the peak of the Eight Satellites. And Shui Zhi was at the peak of the Nine Satellites. At the same time, it was also to prevent Shang Long from being surrounded.

Unexpectedly, there was no one else on the Spiritual Race’s side other than Shui Zhi. For a moment, Shang Long was also heroic. He ordered Erera not to participate in the battle and to fight Shui Zhi alone.

For a moment, sword energy surged in the nearby cosmic tunnel, ice filled the sky, and space trembled.

Under such circumstances, it was impossible for anyone else to participate in the battle. Those with lower cultivation would either die or be injured if they were swept into the aftershock.

The Spiritual Race was still silent. This attracted Cai Shaochu’s attention, afraid that this was a trick of the Spiritual Race.

While monitoring the Fire Origin Palace, he ordered the Water Origin Palace and the Wood Origin Palace to defend with all their might and enter a state of war.

It was worth mentioning that after the Great Xi Clan silently retreated from the Earth Origin Palace, no one from the Blue Star or the Spiritual Race entered.

The humans of the Blue Star wanted to move in, but their strength was limited. The possibility of them being defeated one by one if they split their forces to defend the three original palaces was too high. Moreover, the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace was not complete.

The Spiritual Race also had the same thoughts. Firstly, they would split their forces. Secondly, they had not obtained the origin power of the Earth Origin

Palace.

Strangely, the Earth Origin Palace was left idle just like that.

The Spiritual Race, the main planet of the Northern Star Sector, Big Bear

Planet.

Mu Jing, the governor of the Northern Star Field of the Spiritual Race, the commander of the Northern Star Field, Lieutenant General Huo Xiao, and a large number of officials were lined up neatly at the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel.

The defense fortress of the entire universe tunnel had already been decorated with lanterns. The drum band was also waiting on both sides. After waiting for a full 30 minutes, the tunnel flashed with light. Elder Mu Sheng, the 13th elder of the Sanctuary, rushed over with a dozen attendants.

However, the person walking at the front was the confidential chief of the third main seat, Mu Sheng, Mu Zhengyue. As soon as he got close, Mu Zhengyue, who had dark eyebrows, shouted, “Who asked you to hold a welcoming ceremony? Also, now that the Northern Star Field has entered war, why is the cosmic tunnel node’s defense fortress unobstructed? Aren’t you afraid that the enemy will charge in?”

The scolding made the Governor of the Northern Star Field, Mu Jing, and

Commander Huo Xiao look at each other. They had done the wrong thing.

This was especially so for Commander Huo Xiao. His expression was even more complicated. He felt that Elder Mu Sheng seemed to be targeting him. After all, the governor of the Northern Star Field was Mu Jing. Just from the name, it could be seen who was close and who was not.

However, Mu Sheng’s scolding was 100% correct. There were no problems at all. The defense fortress at the cosmic tunnel node was really unobstructed.

Although it was to welcome the main elder, Mu Sheng, in reality, the cosmic tunnel node of the entire Northern Star Field, the defense fortress, had only entered a state of vigilance.

As long as they found their whereabouts, the people from the Blue Star would become toys like monkeys.

After all, aliens were common in the Spiritual Race. However, there were still fewer living alien humans like the Blue Star Humans. They were also more popular. After a round of scolding, the carefully prepared welcome ceremony dispersed. The main elder, Mu Sheng, went straight into the meeting hall of the capital of Big Bear Star.

After arriving, there was an emergency military meeting.

“Huo Xiao, report to me the situation of the 17 planets around Planet Y and the possible whereabouts of the Blue Star invasion team. I want to deduce the escape range of the invading team in the shortest time possible,” Mu Sheng said.

Mu Sheng’s question made Huo Xiao sweat slightly. The 17 planets around Planet Y were basically in good condition. There were no traces of the enemy. However, he could not tell the exact range of the Blue Star invasion team. He did not know if they were still on Planet Y. That was because the fastest batch of people would still need half a day to reach Planet Y.

Regarding this, the main elder, Shui Sheng, scolded Huo Xiao again. He almost spat on Huo Xiao’s face. Huo Xiao could only endure it. This made Governor Mu Jing feel extremely good. It felt good to have someone backing him up.

Huo Xiao had relied on his strength and the people behind him to control him several times. Today, after being reprimanded, he should be able to behave for a period of time.

“Order the 17 planets around Planet Y to report the situation of the surrounding Star Fields every six hours and increase their vigilance.”

After giving a series of orders, Mu Sheng’s confidential director, Mu Zhengyue, waved his hand and threw out a military star map. Then, Mu Sheng began to study the whereabouts of the Blue Star team on the spot.

To be honest, Mu Sheng was outstanding in all aspects since he could become the main elder. In the Spiritual Race, any elder in charge was an elite among elites. They far exceeded ordinary people in all aspects.

Mu Sheng was even more rigorous and capable.

“Among the 17 planets, Big Bear 1142 is the closest to Planet Y. It has a flying distance of five to seven days, and the Big Bear 1070 is a planet relatively far from Planet Y. It is 37 days away from Planet Y..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1