Chapter 1629 - 1629: Shang Long’S Sword Dao And Breakthrough(2)

Chapter 1629: Shang Long’s Sword Dao and Breakthrough(2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He could not figure it out at all. He was already dead. It was impossible for Lang Zong to defect to the enemy. Moreover, Lang Zong was nurtured by Shui Zhi. It was no wonder that the Sanctuary suspected Elder Shui Zhi.

Under such circumstances, no matter how intense the battle between Shui Zhi and Shang Long was, the forces in the Spiritual Race’s Fire Origin Palace did not move. Therefore, other than staring intently at the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star, it was also the fundamental reason why Erera did not interfere in the rescue.

In the cosmic tunnel, although Shui Zhi was very angry at Chi Jing for not taking action, he became more and more confident as he fought.

Shang Long, a Huaxia Swordsman, was very strong, but in the end, his strength level was still lacking. He was only at the peak of the Eight Satellites. And he was not only at the peak of the Nine Satellites, but he was also an existence that had once surpassed the peak of the Nine Satellites.

If this continued, he would definitely be able to kill Shang Long! Of course, he had to pay a certain price. Moreover, he had to be extremely careful.

Shang Long’s Sword Dao was still very terrifying. It was possible to kill him with all his might. Therefore, Shui Zhi was very careful. After all, he did not have any reinforcements at the moment.

“Shang Long, it’s a pity that your Sword Dao is in Huaxia! Why don’t you come to the Spiritual Race? I guarantee that you can reach the peak of the Nine

Satellites within three years! Otherwise, you will definitely die in this battle!”

Shui Zhi began to interfere with the battle with his words.

This was also a tactic between experts.

A moment of chaos in his mind might be an opportunity to win. Hearing this, Shang Long looked deeply in the direction of the cosmic tunnel and said with a smile, “Shui Zhi, I suggest that you join the Blue Star humans! You’ve been killing your way into the cosmic tunnel alone for so long, but the people from the Fire Origin Palace haven’t moved at all!

“Why do I feel that you have been abandoned by the Spiritual Race?”

It had to be said that Shang Long’s observation skills were extremely sharp. This question touched Shui Zhi’s heart. This made Shui Zhi’s heart tremble. He also thought of a question—had he really been abandoned by the Spiritual Race?

Did the Sanctuary give any additional orders to Chi Jing? In an instant, Shui Zhi’s mind became flustered. Just as Shui Zhi was in a daze, Shang Long’s sword light suddenly retracted. The moment the sword light entered his body, Shang Long’s aura suddenly began to rise.

The moment his aura rose, Shui Zhi took the opportunity to bombard Shang

Long, wanting to severely injure him. To his surprise, Shui Zhi’s violent attacks were shattered by the invisible sword light when they were within a meter of Shang Long.

“Shui Zhi, in terms of cultivation, you’re higher than me. In terms of realm, you’re also higher than me. It’s also fate that we fought today. It was very satisfying! I have a question that I want to ask you. You can answer it as you see fit,” Shang Long suddenly said.

Shui Zhi looked at Erera at the cosmic tunnel in the distance and understood. Putting aside the other components, today’s battle was indeed satisfying. An opponent like Shang Long could only be chanced upon by luck.

“Ask away. I’ll try to answer one or two questions.” Shui Zhi left a lot of room for negotiation.

“Shui Zhi, what do you think the Sword Dao is? What is the ultimate Sword Dao? Or what is the Sword Dao that your Spiritual Race cultivates?” Shang Long asked.

After some thought, Shui Zhi felt that he could answer this question. If he

could comprehend such a general question just by answering it, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race would have long been everywhere.

“This question is difficult! The Sword Dao is the rule of the power of the Sword

Dao, right?”

“Then what are the rules of the power of the sword?”

“Those who understand the rules understand, but those who don’t, don’t. To be honest, I don’t understand the Sword Dao either.”

“Heh!” Shang Long chuckled. “It looks like you don’t dare to say it? Are you afraid that I’ll break through? You should understand that the reason why the Nine Satellites are the Nine Satellites is that every Nine Satellites’ Dao has to be comprehended by themselves!”

“It’s not that I don’t dare to say it, but I really don’t understand! Our Spiritual Race has a Sword Dao expert called the Sword Spirit. He thinks that the rules of the Sword Dao are the extreme power of the Sword Dao. It was fast, swift, and indestructible! Fast to the extreme is the extreme of his Sword Dao!” Shui Zhi said, but his hands did not slow down at all. Instead, they became sharper.

There was a thoughtful expression on his face.

Shui Zhi understood that Shang Long should be perfecting his Sword Dao. If he could use words to break or interfere with the Sword Dao that he was about to perfect, Shang Long would definitely die today!

“Extremely fast? Can it be faster than the speed of light? Your Spiritual Race should understand the speed of light, right?” Shang Long smiled.

“In theory. From what you said, your Sword Dao seems to be different!”

“That’s right. My Sword Dao is different! My Sword Dao has always walked the path of becoming one with the sword.” Shang Long did not hide his Sword Dao.

“What is becoming one with the sword?”

“Humans are swords, and swords are humans!”

“How is that possible! Humans have spirits and thoughts, and the sword is only an inanimate object!”

“Therefore, I want to give the sword a spirit!”

“This is the first step of becoming one with the sword. It is called the Sword

Heart! It was also called the fusion of the Sword Heart and the Sword

Movement. All actions were preparations for the Sword Dao!” The more Shang Long spoke, the more his aura became. The range of the Sword Domain that had shattered the water attack around him had already begun to expand.

This made Shui Zhi a little anxious. He understood that Shang Long’s Sword Dao seemed to be perfecting. He had to stop it. Otherwise… “If the sword doesn’t have a heart, how can the sword heart be one!”

“My heart is my sword. My sword is my heart!”

“Then if the sword dies, so will you!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1