Chapter 1623 - 1623: The Injustice And Anger Of Shui Zhi (4)

Chapter 1623 - 1623: The Injustice and Anger of Shui Zhi (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Huo Nan, time! There’s no time. Moreover, it’s impossible for the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel to be frequent. As long as I match the timeline and the frequency of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, I can prove my innocence,” Shui Zhi said calmly.

“However, the problem is that before this, more than a dozen Blue Star humans arrived at Planet Y through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. We have reason to suspect that the Blue Star humans have mastered some secret technique to strengthen or use the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel at a high frequency. We have also considered this,” Huo Nan said.

Shui Zhi was a little confused. He could not defend himself. In an instant, Shui Zhi felt an indescribable dreamy feeling. A few seconds ago, he was still the commander of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force. Now, he had dreamily become a traitor of the Spiritual Race. If it was confirmed, he would be the first main elder in the history of the Spiritual Race to defect.

“Huo Nan, are you planning to let me set a record for the defection of the main elder of the Spiritual Race?” Shui Zhi sneered.

“No!” Huo Nan’s tone was still very calm. “The main elders and the Great Elder have specially discussed many details of this matter. It was mainly because your trusted aide, the commander of Planet Y, Lang Zong, insisted that you had betrayed the Spiritual Race before he died. Many incidents were a little coincidental.

“Even so, we felt that the current or future Blue Star still did not have the possibility of letting an elder of our race betray us. However, the last words of Lang Zong, the commander of Planet Y that you personally appointed, and all kinds of mysterious coincidences had to be taken seriously. Therefore, you can personally clear away this suspicion,” Huo Nan said.

“How do I clear it?” Shui Zhi asked, suppressing his anger.

“How to clear it away is naturally to kill the enemy! Killing enough Blue Star enemies will naturally prove your innocence. You will still be the main elder, Shui Zhi. As for Lang Zong, he might have been bewitched by some supernatural beings before he pledged his loyalty to the Spiritual Race. The other coincidences are just coincidences,” Huo Nan said.

Shui Zhi: ‘

“What if I can’t prove it?”

“Then what do you think the consequences are?”

Shui Zhi was speechless again. Then, he fell into a long silence. “The main reason is still Lang Zong, right?”

“That’s right!” Huo Nan said affirmatively, “This is just like how your wife reported you for betraying the Spiritual Race. There are many coincidences. We have to take this seriously. Moreover, you have to understand that fundamentally, the Sanctuary still trusts you.”

After a while, Shui Zhi let out a long sigh helplessly. “Alright, I understand. Then can I mobilize the other forces of the Fire Origin Palace?”

“No!” Huo Nan immediately denied it. “However, you can contact Chi Jing and get him to mobilize the elite forces of the Fire Origin Palace to cooperate with you or receive you.

In addition, the Sanctuary ordered that in view of the fall of Planet X and Planet Y one after another, the death of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Huo Qi, and the destruction of the quantum teleportation channel between Planets X and Y, the Blue Star team would attack the Spiritual Race for the first time in the 2,800 years since the Spiritual Race was established.

With all of the above, the Sanctuary has decided to remove you from the position of the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force and let Chi Jing take over.

After you are cleared of suspicion, you will become the chief of staff of the Solar System Expeditionary Force.

“‘l’nls IS a aeclslon or tne sanctuary. Implement It Immediately!

At the side, Chi Jing was overjoyed when he read the order. After serving Shui Zhi for nearly a year, he had finally taken over again. “Chi Jing accepts the order. Thank you for the trust of the Sanctuary Elders!”

However, this was a huge blow to Shui Zhi. He had lowered his cultivation to come to the solar system, but at this moment, he was still suspected of betrayal. He still had to prove his innocence. Even the title of the commander-in-chief of the solar system expeditionary army had been removed.

Back then, it was Great Elder Xu Yi who forced him to lower his cultivation level and expedition to the solar system. He did not do it willingly.

Who should he talk to about this grievance and anger? Who would listen? Even Xu Tui, who had casually created an illusory illusion back then, did not expect such an unexpected outcome. However, Shui Zhi knew very well that he had no choice now.

“Shui Zhi… accepts the order!” When he said those words, blood spurted out of Shui Zhi’s mouth again. However, he bit his lip and did not spit out blood.

“Yes, that’s right. Now, I believe even more that you were framed. Shui Zhi, the entire Sanctuary is waiting for good news from you.” With that, Huo Nan hung up. At the same time, blood slowly seeped out of Shui Zhi’s mouth.

Damn it! He was indignant and angry! However, just as Shui Zhi had thought, he had no choice. He could only walk the path of proving his innocence. Even if he wanted to prove his innocence, Shui Zhi had to plan well.

On the 13th of November 2140 of the Blue Star Calendar, Shui Zhi, who had rested for a day and made a plan, arrived at the command hall of the new commander-in-chief, Chi Jing, with a dark expression.

“Chi Jing, this is my battle plan. Prepare the personnel and prepare to cooperate with me to launch a surprise attack on the Blue Star and severely injure it.” Shui Zhi came up with a battle plan and turned to leave.

Chi Jing had once been a small fry under him. He would tremble even if he snorted coldly. Now that it was suddenly on his turn, he, the main elder, had to report to him. This made Shui Zhi extremely uncomfortable.

However, Shui Zhi understood that he had to endure it now. After enduring this most difficult period and proving his innocence, he would deal with Chi Jing. Looking at Shui Zhi, who had turned to leave, Chi Jing picked up Shui Zhi’s battle plan and slowly flipped through it. A playful smile appeared on his face.

Some people were still not in the right position!

On the 14th of November, the year 2140 of the Blue Star Calendar, Shui Zhi, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race, came out of the cosmic tunnel of the Fire Origin Palace.

In an instant, the people who had been monitoring the branch of the cosmic tunnel in the Fire Origin Palace immediately sent out a warning.

Alarms rang out in the Wood Origin Palace.

On the same day, the 13th Main Seat Elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Sheng, arrived at the main planet of the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field, Big Bear Star. He began to preside over the arrangements for the encirclement and suppression of the Blue Star invaders..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1