Chapter 1631 - 1631: Venus’ Abnormal Energy Fluctuation And Noob (1)

Chapter 1631 - 1631: Venus’ Abnormal Energy Fluctuation and Noob (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

“According to the feedback from the tunnel data flow, a Huaxia species has already come into contact with the power of the Dao Rule. They have already met the conditions to unseal a portion of the base.”

“The unsealing program has been activated and completed. There’s no need to activate the unsealing program.”

“Contact the various bases.”

“Contacting the various bases has failed. We have not found any signals from the other bases. We have also lost contact with the third main base. We’ve retrieved the weak aura of the third main base, but we can’t contact it.”

“Continue searching for signals from the various bases…”

“As the conditions for the unsealing procedure of some bases have been met, according to the procedure, we will check the power of the Solar System Guardians.”

“The second Guardian of the solar system is in position. The third Guardian is being activated. ”

“Continue to send the unsealing program so that it can meet or come into contact with the unsealing conditions. Then, it can unseal it…”

As lines of jumping characters flashed, the information in the mysterious base gradually disappeared. The lit screens gradually dimmed and extinguished. While the entire mysterious base became silent again, a soft sigh sounded again.

“You got the Nine Satellites so quickly? That was fast… Will it be faster this time?”

In the Ceres Star and the Wood Origin Palace.

In recent years, because a third of the top experts on the Blue Star were permanently stationed on Ceres Star, the Blue Star had set up various modifications and installed some of the Blue Star’s high-tech equipment in the Wood Origin Palace.

Other than a portion of the scientific research equipment, the most important thing was the medical emergency equipment. It was the most advanced medical incubation chamber.

Shang Long, who only had his head and heart left, was in the most advanced medical incubation chamber. Cai Shaochu was personally observing the data of the machine.

“Increase the replenishment speed of the nutrient fluid and increase the circulation speed of the regenerative nutrition to 1.5. Double the speed of energy injection.”

“Record: The consumption and recovery strength of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse has far exceeded that of a Planetary realm powerhouse below the Seven Satellites.

“If a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse uses the medical incubation chamber, they will need to strengthen the nutrient fluid and energy supply.”

Data and key points were constantly recorded and summarized. Erera, who was still worried about Shang Long’s safety, felt a little uncomfortable. How was this resuscitation? This was a large-scale research scene.

The first Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Blue Star was directly used by Cai Shaochu as a lab rat to record various research data. However, no one cared about Erera’s resentment.

Under Cai Shaochu’s command, a group of people continuously adjusted the data and the supplementary ratio of various medicines to record the changes in Shang Long’s life data. This was the Blue Star’s first research on the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. It was very important.

This was probably the responsibility that the Blue Star powerhouses had to bear. Even if he had to die in battle, he had to offer his body for scientific research.

Dedication!

Ever since the Great Genetic Age, every Planetary realm powerhouse who died in the extra-terrestrial had undertaken such an obligation, or rather, paid a price. This was also how they got their citizen privileges on the Blue Star.

Responsibility and privilege were proportional. In less than an hour, Shang Long, who was in the medical incubation chamber, opened his eyes again.

The flesh around his chest quickly squirmed. He did not know if the life force of the Nine Satellites Planetary powerhouse was stronger or if the medical incubation chamber was supportive enough.

“What about Shui Zhi? What’s the current situation?” After waking up, Shang Long immediately asked about Shui Zhi’s whereabouts.

Although he had also severely injured Shui Zhi in the previous battle, if Shui Zhi made a comeback and risked his life, no one on the Blue Star could stop him. If he wanted to block Shui Zhi, he would have to rely on his life. He might have to use the Fallen Star team that he had not used for a long time again.

Cai Shaochu understood what Shang Long meant.

“Shui Zhi fled deep into the cosmic tunnel. We don’t know where he retreated to at the moment, but the strange thing is that from the beginning to the end, no one from the Spiritual Race of the Fire Origin Palace came out to receive or

save Shui Zhi.” Cai Shaochu said.

“Are you saying that there might be a problem within the Spiritual Race?”

“The opinion of the general staff of the Demon Slayers is that there might be a disagreement in the Spiritual Race, and this disagreement is relatively huge. However, we have not made any progress in the internal infiltration of the

Spiritual Race. Currently, we have no further information, ” Cai Shaochu said.

“It’s a good thing that they have internal disagreements. It’s beneficial to us. By the way, we must not relax the vigilance of the various cosmic tunnel nodes,” Shang Long reminded.

“Don’t worry. I’ve already given the order. If anyone discovers Shui Zhi attacking at the defensive fortresses of the various cosmic tunnel nodes, give up on this planet immediately. All personnel will retreat from the quantum teleportation tunnel in the shortest time possible.”

Shang Long, who was in the medical incubation chamber, felt a little relieved when he heard Cai Shaochu’s words. He leaned forward slightly and sighed. “This time, Xu Tui has foresight.

They had long organized an expeditionary force to launch a surprise attack on Planet X, destroyed the Spiritual Race’s intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, and even killed another Nine Satellites of the Spiritual Race.

“To be honest, if not for Xu Tui’s series of military operations, if the Spiritual

Race had sent two Nine Satellites and a large number of elites to attack, the

Blue Star would have to pay a huge price even if we wanted to resist.”

“That’s right.” Cai Shaochu nodded. “The general staff is led by Wei Bin. They have already ordered the Fallen Star teams of the various Demon Slayers teams to enter the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace respectively..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1