Chapter 1638 - 1638: The Despair Of The Spiritual Race Expeditionary Force (4)

Chapter 1638 - 1638: The Despair of the Spiritual Race Expeditionary Force (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If it was no longer around, then…

They were not the only ones. In the Fire Origin Palace, the Spiritual Race experts, including Chi Jing and Bing Ze, were also waiting for the news of the re-communication through the quantum teleportation channel.

This news was extremely important to them on the spiritual level.

On Planet X, under everyone’s expectant gazes, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that they were staring at suddenly flashed violently. Everyone’s expressions changed, and their hearts skipped a beat.

“T-There won’t be any accidents, right?”

“How is that possible? There is an Inner Hall Architecture Elder over there!” Lang Heng’s face was also pale. Even he did not believe his words. He had seen many intergalactic quantum teleportation channels, but he had never seen one like this!

Twenty seconds later, with a bang, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that had been built for less than a day in front of Lang Heng and the others collapsed again.

As it collapsed, Lang Heng and the others felt something collapse in their hearts.

The way home!

NO!

This time, it was really gone!

This was because what had collapsed this time was the quantum teleportation channel built by the spare intergalactic quantum array core of their expeditionary army.

There isn’t any left. Of course, there was still the intergalactic quantum array core, but it was in the Mother Planet’s Sanctuary. If he wanted to build a new intergalactic quantum array core, he had to transport the other half to the solar system first.

How could they transport it over? Lang Heng did not know. However, he was confused and broke down.

Lang Heng and the other Planetary realm experts even fell into a temporary daze. Those who had not experienced the feeling of having their way home completely cut off could not feel this despair. It took a full ten minutes for Lang Heng to come back to his senses when the communication device in the underground fortress was about to explode.

On the other side of the communication device, Chi Jing and the others were about to go crazy. All the members of the Spiritual Race Expeditionary Force in the Fire Origin Palace were waiting for good news.

“Lang Heng, what are you doing? How’s the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel? Have the reinforcements or supplies arrived? You didn’t reply for a long time. Why are you being stupid?” After the call was connected, Chi Jing, who had the power, scolded Lang Heng. If he did not have a suitable candidate under him, he would have changed Lang Heng long ago. “Tell me, what’s the situation now?

“Elder Chi Jing, the newly built intergalactic quantum teleportation channel has collapsed again!”

“What?” Chi Jing, who was in the Fire Origin Palace, was stunned. He looked at the others around him and was also shocked. He had almost misheard. “What did you say, Lang Heng?”

“It collapsed! The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel collapsed again! ”

“What? How is that possible?” This time, Chi Jing, who had heard clearly, was surprisingly angry. “How could it have collapsed again? That’s impossible! Lang Heng, are you behind this? Where’s Shui Zhi? Did Shui Zhi go to your side?” For a moment, Chi Jing jumped like thunder!

“Me? To hell with this! This is our way home. How can I do anything! I don’t know either, but it collapsed out of thin air! How would I know! I just want it to be fine!” Lang Heng cursed hysterically. Suddenly, his voice was filled with tears. He started to cry.

For a moment, many of the Spiritual Race’s members of the Fire Origin Palace beside Lang Heng started to cry in despair under the sorrow of Lang Heng’s cries.

In an instant, tears welled up in the Fire Origin Palace on Planet X. No one could imagine that this group of expeditionary forces, who were not afraid of death, would cry under such circumstances.

The corner of Chi Jing’s mouth could not help but twitch. Once the backup intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was destroyed, when would the road home be rebuilt? For a moment, as the leader of the expeditionary army, Chi Jing actually felt a little despair.

Originally, because the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been rebuilt, in order to boost the morale of the military, Chi Jing had gathered most of the Planetary realms to welcome the good news of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel being re-communicated.

It was also convenient to boost morale. After all, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been successfully built. Successful communication was a sure bet.

Who would have thought that he would fail? In an instant, this news spread throughout the Fire Origin Palace. Under such circumstances, an indescribable despair and depression spread throughout the Fire Original Palace.

Whether it was the Blue Star humans or the Spiritual Race, what they were most afraid of was that there was no hope. At the same time, on Planet Y of the Milky Way.

The pale-faced Ta Shichen gathered his courage and reported the situation of the collapse of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel through the quantum teleportation channel. He had no choice. He had to report this matter. Otherwise, he would commit more crimes. Even though the main elder, Mu Sheng, was calm, he was still furious on the spot.

“What happened? What’s going on! How do you do things? Why would a newly built intergalactic quantum teleportation channel…”

Amidst Mu Sheng’s roar, the quantum teleportation channel on Big Bear Star suddenly flickered violently. Then, it collapsed! Accompanying the collapse of the quantum teleportation channel was the roar of the main elder, Mu Sheng.

Ta Shichen was stunned on the spot, while the architectural elder felt like he was going crazy. Why did this ordinary quantum teleportation channel also collapse?

How could this be? What exactly happened on Planet Y?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1