Chapter 1635 - 1635: The Despair Of The Spiritual Race Expeditionary Force (1)

Chapter 1635 - 1635: The Despair of the Spiritual Race Expeditionary Force (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out of the back of Xu Tui’s head, it instantly shone brightly again. Its divine might suddenly spread in all directions like mercury.

The familiar feeling that had appeared on Planet Y appeared again. The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal once again displayed its previous anger and excitement. A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he saw this anger and excitement. There should be a chance.

This time, Xu Tui gave the order without waiting for the seal to summon the indescribable power of the stars from the depths of the starry sky.

“All of you, activate your seals and activate the divine might of the seals to merge into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.”

As soon as Xu Tui said that, Ullr, who had just returned from patrolling Planet 1142, suddenly said in surprise, “Commander Xu, this… Could it be that the scene on Planet Y can be replicated?”

Xu Tui glanced at Ullr but did not give an affirmative answer. “I’m also exploring, but I should be able to.”

Ullr was overjoyed. “That’s great. The cultivation efficiency under such circumstances is too high. If I do it again, I feel that I can break through to the Seven Satellites.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly. This was good news. The increase in Ullr’s strength was very important to the expeditionary army.

Ullr’s strength was currently second only to Xu Tui. If he broke through to the

Seven Satellites, he would definitely be able to deal with the Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses with his lightning-type supernatural strength.

If he included the enhancement of his Lightning Division’s True God Seal, he might be able to restrain the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses for a period of time. In less than 30 seconds, more than 20 seals of various sizes rose at the same time.

Xu Tui had already released Little Six, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Carillo, Lally, Bing Xiu, Lang Zong, and the other eight guards of the Heavenly Court to patrol and guard in their place.

The greatest weakness of the guards of the Heavenly Court was that they could not cultivate and increase their combat strength on their own.

The strength of the body corresponded to the level.

It was worth mentioning that during his trip to the small universe, Xu Tui had obtained a large number of corpses and energy cores of the Seven Satellites and the Six Satellites. He had stored all of them in his and An Xiaoxue’s quantum dimensional space and brought them back.

Previously, Belas’s mental body had been directly killed, reducing by one.

However, when the Spiritual Race’s Lang Zong and Bing Xiu surrendered, Xu Tui got Little Six, who had the commander’s seal, to appoint Bing Xiu and Lang Zong.

Then, he sent their mental bodies into the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards. Xu Tui obtained two more considerable combat strengths.

This was especially so for Lang Zong and Bing Xiu. When they were alive, one was a Seven Satellites, and the other was a Six Satellites. Their mind power was much stronger than Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others. The guards of the Heavenly Court that they displayed were even stronger.

The Heavenly Court’s defense team was even stronger than before. This was also one of the reasons why Xu Tui dared to expedition into the Spiritual Race’s hinterland of the Star Field. As long as Little Six and the others’ mental bodies were around, they could destroy one for another.

Xu Tui instantly injected 20% of his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole after the light of the 20-odd seals, including the seal of the commander, was injected into it.

In an instant, the might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal increased drastically. In just a minute, it brought Xu Tui’s mind power to the underground star core of Planet Big Bear 1142.

Just like Planet Y, the core of Planet 1142 was also trembling.

This time, under Xu Tui’s urging, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole immediately emitted a cold aura like that of an emperor. It wanted to capture the underground star core of Planet 1142.

The moment the divine might of the seal spread out, he suddenly felt a little powerless.

It seemed that he did not have enough strength.

Xu Tui activated his mind power again. In an instant, the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole seemed to be calling out to the depths of the starry sky, shooting out divine might.

This time, Xu Tui was deliberately controlling the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He instantly sensed thousands of stars through the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

The aura of these stars was extremely blurry, but they had a mysterious and illusory connection with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Xu Tui felt that he could summon the power of the stars into the seal through the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal to strengthen it.

With a thought, Xu Tui chose about 30 relatively close stars to guide the power of the stars.

In just ten seconds, more than 30 stars of different strengths that were difficult to see with the naked eye crossed the distant starry sky and entered the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

The aura of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole soared. However, it was still not enough to detain the core of Asteroid 1142 out of the ground.

Xu Tui once again called for the power of the stars through the seal of the

Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. When it reached about 50 stars, the core

of Planet 1142 could no longer resist the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and was imprisoned from the ground.

The reason why Xu Tui did not summon the power of the stars from the beginning was mainly because he was afraid that this situation would happen too frequently. It would be too much if he attracted the attention of the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race, the Lord of the Muyas, or the Father of the Great Xi Clan.

Therefore, Xu Tui was deliberately reducing the commotion caused by the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole.

It could be seen that after devouring the star core of Planet Y last time, coupled with the strengthening of the other seals and the addition of Ullr’s Lightning Seal, the starlight summoned by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had been more than halved..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1