Chapter 1633 - 1633: Venus I Abnormal Energy Fluctuation And Noob (3)

Chapter 1633 - 1633: Venus i Abnormal Energy Fluctuation and Noob (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

It was good that it was the Spiritual Race. There would be no danger.

According to Ta Shichen, the garrison commander of the nearby Star Sector, the main elder, Mu Sheng, had already personally arrived on Big Bear Star to command this small-scale battle called the Siege of the Blue Star Rats. Recently, a large number of participants would gather from all directions. It was very normal for a team to come over.

However, Ta Dazhen was still very careful and did not let his guard down. He had to completely confirm the identity of this team. Five minutes later, the security patrol team sent a second message. “It has been confirmed that they are all from the Spiritual Race. They are from Big Bear 217 and are reinforcements. There are secret orders from the Northern Star Field Military District.”

“Verify the orders of the Northern Star Field Military District.”

“Commander, our positions are not high enough. We are not qualified to verify the orders of the Northern Star Field Military District.”

“Then order this team to wait there. Get someone to send his military order back to the planet’s defense base. They can only enter my planet after I verify it.” Ta Dazhen’s actions were extremely alert.

Ta Dazhen had thought that his harsh request might cause the officer of this team to fly into a rage. He did not expect him to agree. Immediately, he got the five members of the outer space security patrol team to bring the military secret order of this team back to the planet’s defense base.

The other 15 members stayed where they were to accompany (surveillance) the seven-person special combat team.

Everything went smoothly. The team sent by the Northern Star Field Military District was very cooperative.

When the secret order was brought over, he would know if it was real or fake after he tested it. Moreover, Ta Dazhen felt that after obtaining the secret order, he could directly contact the nearby Star Field garrison command or directly contact the Northern Star Field Military District to verify the military order.

Although he would be criticized, there was nothing wrong with being careful.

However, what Ta Dazhen did not know was that the outer space security patrol troops he trusted, including the captain, had all been hypnotized by Xu Tui within three seconds of meeting.

Among the three Planetary realm experts, the strongest was only in Three Satellites Planetary realm. The moment they met, Xu Tui immediately hypnotized the Planetary realm expert with his Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Concealment, and Hypnosis.

They were all hypnotized in a second, including the other two Planetary realm experts.

As for the remaining 17 quasi-planets, they were caught off guard and hypnotized by Xu Tui. He had no choice. Xu Tui and the others were all wearing the standard armor of the Spiritual Race. At the front were the two true Spiritual Race members, Yanzi and Lang Biao.

As they approached, Yanzi and Lang Biao even took off their masks and revealed their true faces.

This was especially so for Yanzi. The many characteristics unique to the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division immediately made this outer space security patrol team lower their vigilance. But then again, was there a difference between the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans?

There was a difference between the ordinary Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans. There was a certain difference in appearance. The Spiritual Race was relatively taller. But what about Planetary realm powerhouses?

There was not much of a difference in aura. Only superb individuals with extremely powerful mind power could sense it.

This was especially so for Xu Tui, who was now close to two meters tall. An Xiaoxue was also 1.8 meters tall. After putting on the military uniform and armor of the Spiritual Race, as long as they did not speak, no one would be able to tell if they were from the Spiritual Race or the Blue Star.

It was very easy to hypnotize them without any vigilance. This was especially so during the few days on the road. Xu Tui thought about it for a long time and condensed the hypnosis genetic ability chain into a new nova.

At this point, Xu Tui, who was at the Seven Satellites Planetary realm, had used up all 14 nova positions.

But Xu Tui was not worried at all. His mind power main planet had already reached the peak of the seventh-level star halo after his last raid on Planet Y. As long as it improved, his mind power main planet would be able to break through to the eighth-level star halo.

Once Xu Tui’s mind power main planet broke through to the eighth level, he would be able to condense 16 new power stars. Of course, he had to reach the seventh level of the star halo on the Vajra sub-planet.

In that case, Xu Tui would have two more new stars. At this stage, it was also very necessary to condense the advanced hypnosis genetic ability chain into a new star.

For example, the effect is very obvious now.

The hypnosis new star with a second-level star halo, coupled with Xu Tui’s terrifying mind power, coupled with the spiritual resonance new star and the Spiritual Concealment new star, instantly hypnotized the Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

The captain of the Big Bear’s outer space security patrol team, who had been hypnotized by Xu Tui, answered their commander according to Xu Tui’s will. The five members who had brought the military secret order back to the planet’s defense base for verification had already been changed.

Other than the hypnotized Planetary realm leader, the other four people had already been changed to Xu Tui’s people.

They were Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, and Wen Xinglun.

Just like that, Xu Tui and the other three quickly flew toward the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 1142 under the lead of a Planetary realm expert from the Spiritual Race.

In outer space, Ullr, who was waiting where he was, looked at Xu Tui, then at Lavis, who had just used his hyperdrive ability, then at Lang Biao, as well as the hypnotized Spiritual Race in front of them. He was tongue-tied.

Suddenly, he understood.. Over the years, be it The Myth, the battle between Dawn Salvation and Xu Tui, or the various open and covert battles between Itavi, Haren, and the others, why did Xu Tui always win?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1