Chapter 1636 - 1636: The Despair Of The Spiritual Race’S Expeditionary Force (2)

Chapter 1636: The Despair of the Spiritual Race’s Expeditionary Force (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was considering a problem while he was waiting to be detained. In human technology, the speed of light was already the fastest. However, the distance in the universe was easily measured in light years.

Then how did this star power enter the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole from afar in a few seconds?

A minute later, Xu Tui realized that he had reached a dead end again. It was not scientific at all to use a scientific perspective to explain the phenomenon of supernatural beings.

Three minutes later, after the core of Planet 1142 was detained, it was directly swallowed by the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. The aura and refinement level of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole increased explosively at the same time.

Previously, on Planet Y, the refinement of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal had increased to 51%. In the first five to six days, the refinement progress had only increased by less than 1%.

However, after swallowing the star core of Planet 1142, the refinement progress soared by 8%. From the looks of it, the core of Planet 1142 was a little stronger than Planet Y. The refinement progress of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had reached 60%.

The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flashed with light.

Another 20 beams of light flew out and accurately landed in the 20-odd Heavenly Court seals that had supported it just now.

One of them landed in the seal of Ullr’s Lightning Division.

Ullr was overjoyed after sensing it for a moment. His Lightning Division’s True God Seal had been damaged by Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword previously. However, the gift of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal had recovered most of the damage.

If he did it again, not only would his Lightning Division’s Seak of the True God return to its peak state, but it would also become stronger.

It was simply…

For a moment, Ullr regretted it. He had hesitated the last time he was on Planet Y and missed this opportunity. Otherwise, his seal would have recovered to its original state and become stronger.

The others had the same gains, but they were basically the same. Not only did the aura of everyone’s Heavenly Seal strengthen, but their refinement progress also soared greatly.

For example, An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Seal aura has been strengthened again. After obtaining the gift from the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, her refinement level instantly reached 100%. In an instant, the light of the

Auspicious Cow Seal intertwined with the light of the Rabbit Taichong Seal. The aura of the two seals increased to a certain extent.

This scene made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat.

An Xiaoxue’s abilities had been enhanced again.

Qu Qingshan’s Huo Yao Seal had also completely reached a 100% refinement level at this moment. Due to the fact that he had been to Mars before, Qu Qingshan had truly taken on the position of Star Official Huo Yao at this moment. However, it was unknown what had changed.

It was the same for the others.

The lower the level of the seal, the greater the refinement progress. For example, the seals of Yan Lie, Yan Xuejin, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the others had been enhanced by the Longevity Emperor’s seal twice. The refinement progress had reached 100%.

As their auras overlapped, they grew. It could be said that their strength had increased again.

Amongst Xu Tui’s seals, the refinement progress of the seal of Lord Nandou, the seals of the Huo De, Jingmu and Ji Shui had increased.

This was especially so for the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal that Xu Tui had obtained the longest. At this moment, it had jumped to 99% of the refinement progress.

He was still 1% away from completely controlling Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. However, Xu Tui thought that with the current refinement progress, the seal should be able to greatly increase his water-type supernatural abilities.

As for the other seals, although the refinement progress had also increased greatly, it was still lacking. The only thing that made Xu Tui a little helpless was that Little Six’s commander seal did not obtain any benefits. It might be related to the seal type.

Little Six’s commander seal was an officer seal. The other seals belonged to the Star Division.

Xu Tui still needed to investigate everything.

Ten minutes later, after a small earthquake, the underground earth vein of

Planet 1142 was pulled up by Xu Tui. And the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array had already been set up. Moreover, the location this time was in a sealed hall. The effect was better.

Not long after, all the members of the expeditionary army cultivated with all their might at an unprecedented concentration of energy. Their cultivation began to soar again.

Xu Tui was not worried about his safety at all. They had already controlled the communication of the entire asteroid. Even if the civilians of Asteroid 1142 could contact other planets through private means, it usually took a lot of time.

Xu Tui and the others would have already left after they contacted the Star Field Military District in the north of the Spiritual Race. Even if a large group of Spiritual Race members attacked, Xu Tui had already planned his escape route and various emergency changes.

Moreover, the Spiritual Race would probably never have dreamed that he had silently controlled their asteroid 1142.

“Ah Huang, slow down the invasion of the Spiritual Race’s quantum intelligence network. You would rather slow down and gain less. You can’t expose your tracks,” Xu Tui specially instructed.

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui also began to cultivate with all his might. He was still focusing on the main planet of mind power..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1