Chapter 1632 - 1632: The Abnormal Energy Fluctuations Of Venus And Noobs (2)

Chapter 1632 - 1632: The Abnormal Energy Fluctuations of Venus and Noobs (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Shang Long froze. The use of the Fallen Star team represented sacrifice. However, there was no other way. After a moment of silence, Shang Long suddenly said, “Shaochu, how long will it take to complete that last experiment?”

“According to our current progress, we should be able to complete the third experiment in about ten days at most. Currently, we have not discovered any abnormal side effects in the results of the first two experiments.

“However, the number of experiments is too little. Personally, I feel that I should do at least two more experiments. Furthermore, I should get someone else to do two more experiments…”

“There’s no need.” Shang Long interrupted Cai Shaochu. “There’s no need to do it anymore! Don’t say that you didn’t discover any side effects two to three times. After this battle, I would accept being resurrected normally, let alone not having any side effects. It was too dangerous. Get ready. Let’s end the experiment after the third experiment.”

“Then… how should we deal with Raymont?”

“Follow Xu Tui’s instructions.”

“Understood.”

Just as Cai Shaochu was communicating with Shang Long, Cai Shaochu’s assistant, Fang You, suddenly knocked on the door and entered.

“What is it?”

“Mr. Shang, Principal, an urgent call came from Lieutenant Wei.”

A minute later, Cai Shaochu arrived in front of the quantum channel in the

Wood Origin Palace.

“Principal Cai, Planet Kono, Mars, the Moon, the Manut Asteroid, and other planets with large-scale remote sensing telemetry equipment have all discovered many abnormal energy fluctuations in the solar system. Currently, they have not discovered where these energy fluctuations came from. However, the strongest energy fluctuation comes from Venus,” Wei Bin said.

“The strongest energy fluctuations on Venus? What’s the situation? There should be our detectors on Venus, right?”

“Yes, but they all malfunctioned the moment the energy fluctuations appeared. We are still out of contact. Also, there was also an abnormality in the energy fluctuations above Ceres Star. According to the staff team’s prediction of the location, it was very likely related to the sealed small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“There are no results yet for the other abnormal energy fluctuations because the range is too large. However, we can determine that something unknown might have happened in the solar system.”

Cai Shaochu rubbed the space between his brows. He felt overwrought. During

Xu Tui’s expedition to Planet Y, the strongest person on the Blue Star, Shang Long, had just broken through to the Nine Satellites. However, his body was almost destroyed and he was seriously injured. Now, such a strange energy fluctuation has appeared.

It was really…

“Continue monitoring. If possible, send unmanned equipment or personnel to test it on the spot. In addition, maintain contact with Anlevich, Li Qingping, and the others who had retreated from Planet X. They had to return in the shortest time possible. You know the rest of the defense better than me,” Cai Shaochu said.

After hanging up the call with Wei Bin, Cai Shaochu had the thought of contacting Xu Tui from afar. In the end, Cai Shaochu suppressed this thought. He could not confirm Xu Tui’s situation.

Cai Shaochu felt that he could still hold on in this situation.

In the command center of the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field and the Big Bear Asteroid 11421 s Defense Base. Currently, the defense of the asteroid, Big Bear 1142, was commanded by the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen.

Where did the commander go?

He was naturally taken away by the nearby Star Field garrison commander, Ta Shichen, and attacked Planet Y.

This was because the commander was a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, while he was only from the Five Satellites. The garrison commander looked down on him, so he did not bring him along. He was in charge of commanding the defense of Planet Big Bear 1142.

Although Ta Shichen had said that there was a high chance that this Blue Star human team would not come to Asteroid 1142, there were two quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 1142. If there was anything unusual, they would immediately warn them. Two high-level Planetary realm powerhouses would come to support them in a short period of time.

He just told him to be careful. Moreover, in the next few days, the main force would arrive at Asteroid 1142. The number of this main force might be more than a hundred Planetary realm experts.

Although Ta Shichen had given Ta Dazhen a lot of reassurance, in the three to four days after Ta Shichen left with his men, Ta Dazhen had been guarding the command center of the defense base every day, afraid that something would happen.

Fortunately, nothing had happened for the past four to five days. This gradually made Ta Dazhen feel a little more at ease.

“Commander, a team has been discovered in outer space and is approaching our planet at high speed. Currently, more than five people have been detected. Their identities are temporarily unknown. The outer space security forces have already gone to make contact.”

The adjutant’s sudden report made the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen, nervous.

“Order all combat units to enter the combat readiness state. The communication office is to be prepared to send a warning message for help at any time. Once we confirm that it is an enemy, no matter how strong or weak, we will immediately ask for help.” Although Ta Dazhen’s name sounded impressive, he was actually an extremely cautious guy.

This was also the reason why Ta Shichen had asked him to stay as a defense. This guy was timid and afraid of death. He was very cautious and was extremely suitable for defense.

For a moment, the atmosphere in the command center froze. After all, the power of Asteroid 1142 was not strong now. A minute later, the outer space security patrol team sent the first message.

“Basic observations reveal that this team is from the Spiritual Race. It might be a military team from our race. They are all wearing our normal military armor.”

This first message made Ta Dazhen heave a sigh of relief..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1