Chapter 1639 - 1639: Mu Sheng’S Plan And The Way Home (1)

Chapter 1639 - 1639: Mu Sheng’s Plan and the Way Home (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s an earth vein! There must be a problem with the earth vein!” On Planet Y of the Spiritual Race, the mind power of the Inner Hall Architecture Elder was crazily activated, wanting to investigate the situation of the underground earth vein.

However, the earth vein under the planet was tens of thousands of meters underground, and there were various geological barriers in the middle. Be it soil, rocks, undercurrents, or anything else, they could greatly weaken mind power.

Not to mention an Inner Hall elder like him, even a Nine Satellites supernatural being would not be able to touch the earth vein with their mind power.

“Earth vein! You said that there’s a problem with the earth vein. There has to be evidence. Otherwise, how can the main elder believe you? Finding the reason is the only way we can get out of this.” Ta Shichen was really anxious.

He knew very well how important this backup intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was. He also knew very well how difficult it was to send another set of intergalactic quantum array cores to the solar system.

Now that the backup intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been destroyed in his hands, he understood that if he could not find a reason outside of his ability, there would definitely be a place for him in the Lightning Prison of the five prisons.

“Whether it’s the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel or the ordinary quantum teleportation channel, the reason for the collapse is that there’s insufficient energy.

In addition to a portion of the energy accumulation and Origin Crystals, the two quantum teleportation channels would also extract a large amount of Origin Energy from the earth vein to complete the teleportation.

Currently, everything else was normal.

The Origin Crystals invested when it was activated were even excessive.

“Then the only problem is the earth vein! There’s a problem with the earth vein on this planet,” the Inner Hall Architecture Elder muttered.

“Evidence! I believe you, but the elders don’t believe you without evidence.” Ta Shichen was furious!

“I’m looking. I’m looking…” Before Ta Shichen and the Inner Hall Architecture Elder could find any evidence, the emergency communication disk of the military district that was used to communicate in an emergency rang.

Only the Star Path garrison commander like Ta Shichen was equipped with such an emergency communication disk. This was an emergency communication from the Northern Star Field Military District.

“What’s going on? What was going on with the collapse of the quantum teleportation channel? What exactly was the reason for the collapse of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel? Do you know the serious consequences? From this moment on, the Solar System Expeditionary Force has become a lone army. Do you know that?

“I need to know the current situation of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. Is there any possibility of repairing it?” The commander of the Northern Star Field Military District, Huo Xiao, asked a series of questions that almost stunned Ta Shichen.

And the current situation, Ta Shichen had no choice but to report the truth.

Huo Xiao, who had received the report, was silent for 30 seconds. Then, he slowly said, “The two of you will continue to investigate the exact reason for the collapse of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. We will wait to deal with it.”

“Understood ! ”

These words almost made Ta Shichen cry. He did not get any credit and had to be dealt with. The key was that he could not find out what went wrong. It was simply…

Big Bear Planet, Northern Star Field Military Command.

Mu Sheng, Huo Xiao, Mu Jing, Mu Zhengyue, and the other higher-ups were gathered in the meeting hall. The atmosphere was extremely heavy.

“We can only speculate that there’s a problem with the earth vein? We haven’t found the exact reason yet? How can there be a problem with the earth vein?” Mu Jing, the governor of the Northern Star Field, was the first to ask. However, just as he finished speaking, he was interrupted by the main elder, Mu Sheng.

“There’s a problem with the quantum teleportation channel on Planet Y. It’s basically foreseeable that there’s a problem on Planet Y. There’s a change that we don’t know about. This change was most likely related to the invading Blue Star humans.

“After all, everything on Planet Y was very normal previously. There was a problem only after the Blue Star humans arrived. It was fine as long as we mobilized the elders from the Sanctuary who study the earth vein, and understood the situation.

“There were two most urgent questions now. Where did the Blue Star rats that had barged into our Northern Star Field go? The second problem was that we had to rebuild the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel with the Solar System Expeditionary Force in the shortest time possible.

“Otherwise, if the Solar System Expeditionary Force was destroyed because of this, even I would not be able to bear this responsibility. It was the Holy Ancestor’s decree to march into the solar system.

“As for the expeditionary army and the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, they are an important base point and springboard for the full invasion of the solar system,” the main elder, Mu Sheng, said.

As Mu Sheng threw out the questions, the atmosphere in the entire meeting hall became even heavier.

After a moment of silence, the first to speak was the commander of the Northern Star Field Military District, Huo Xiao. “Lord Elder, a third of the people in our encirclement search circle are already in position. It’s estimated that in ten days at most, all of the people in the search circle will be in position.

Forty days.

“Lord Elder, please give me 1+0 days. I will definitely be able to find traces of the Blue Star Rats.”

Mu Sheng glanced at Huo Xiao. “Alright, I’ll give you 40 days! If we can’t find any traces of the Blue Star Rats in 40 days, the commander of the military district of the Northern Star Field should be changed.”

“Don’t worry, Lord Elder! As long as these Blue Star rats don’t hide in a certain meteorite and wander silently, I will definitely be able to find them.”

The 40-day deadline was equivalent to making a military order. However, Huo Xiao still gave him a way out. After all, if the invaders really landed on a certain meteorite and wandered silently, they might not be able to find them.

Mu Sheng did not say anything. He turned to look at the other inner hall elder, Yan Chengyan, who had just rushed over from the Sanctuary..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1