Chapter 1634 - 1634: The Abnormal Energy Fluctuations Of Venus And Noobs (4)

Chapter 1634 - 1634: The Abnormal Energy Fluctuations of Venus and Noobs (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s ability was too abnormal and beyond everyone’s expectations.

For example, Xu Tui’s powerful hypnosis ability that he had seen just now wanted to instantly hypnotize the Four Satellites Planetary realm. In that case, the hypnosis genetic chain would definitely have to condense a star.

Otherwise, no matter how strong his mind power was, he would not be able to hypnotize him instantly. However, the problem was, were there Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star who could condense stars with an ability like hypnosis?

NO!

With Ullr’s information grasp, there’s not a single one.

This was because the opportunity of a Planetary realm powerhouse to condense a star was too precious. The supernatural being of the Five Satellites Planetary realm, only had four abilities to choose from other than a new mind power star.

Every opportunity to condense a star was very precious. Whoever used the opportunity to condense a star on their hypnotic ability would either have a hole in their brain or water in their brain.

However, Xu Tui did just that.

Suddenly, Ullr thought of Xu Tui’s powerful support abilities. An extremely terrifying thought suddenly appeared in his mind. Could Xu Tui have condensed all these abilities?

If that was the case, Xu Tui would only be a Seven Satellites. How could he have a total of seven chances to condense a new star?

The problem was, if he did not, where did Xu Tui get so many powerful support abilities? For example, Xu Tui had definitely condensed a star with the quantum dimensional genetic ability chain. Otherwise, it would definitely not be able to hold a few Aerospace Combat Jets.

“Could it be that the combination of support abilities and main battle abilities can allow one’s combat strength to sublimate?” Ullr suddenly felt conflicted.

Was his path wrong?

Fifteen minutes later, the Planetary realm officer of the Spiritual Race, who had been hypnotized by Xu Tui, brought Xu Tui and the others to the middle door of the Command Base of the Planetary Defense Base.

Xu Tui and the others were stopped by the guards at the door. However, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance and hypnosis abilities activated at the same time. A confused look flashed past the guards’ eyes before Xu Tui and the others entered the command center.

Outside the hall of the command center, the Planetary realm officer entered alone. However, Xu Tui’s mental perception had already spread out. He was separated by a door. He was suddenly stunned when he received the so-called officer’s secret order to verify it.

He froze as if he was sleeping. He had been hypnotized! Then, the adjutants and staff officers in the command center hall seemed to have fallen asleep. They were hypnotized in an extremely short period of time.

Ten seconds later, Xu Tui pushed open the door of the command center’s hall. At the same time that he entered the command center’s hall, Ah Huang’s small figure had already pounced out. It quickly turned its body into an interface and inserted it into the quantum brain of the command center.

“Xu Tui, I need a password. That will be faster and won’t cause a warning from quantum intelligence,” Ah Huang said.

“What’s the password to enter the command center?”

The person who answered the question was the hypnotized Ta Dazhen. A large string of characters came out of Ta Dazhen’s mouth. Ah Huang quickly entered it.

In less than a minute, Ah Huang had already taken over the quantum intelligence system of the command center as the commander of Planet Big Bear, Planet 1142.

The moment he took over, Ah Huang exclaimed, “Why is the internal defense of the Spiritual Race so weak? A commander-level officer did not undergo anti-interrogation training. He did not undergo high-intensity anti-hypnosis training.

“Moreover, there was no function to block mind power in the hall and outside the command center. Was this the Spiritual Race that had tortured the Blue Star for nearly a hundred years? Why did I feel like they’re noobs? It’s far inferior to our Blue Star!”

“Noob?” Xu Tui had a complicated expression. Then what was the Blue Star in the eyes of the Spiritual Race?

It was a rat!

It was the Blue Star Rat!

He had already obtained this information from the military orders he received from Ah Huang’s command center. As for the Blue Star humans in the solar system, what were they to the Spiritual Race?

It was fatty meat! It was a piece of fatty meat that he wanted to swallow. Ever since the Great Genetic Age began, although the Blue Star had been relatively stable, the situation in the extra-terrestrial had been unstable. It could be said that for decades, the Blue Star had been on the verge of destruction.

Therefore, the extra-terrestrial elites of the Blue Star were extremely elite and trained. This was because everyone was prepared to be captured before they fought. They were all prepared to die in battle.

Therefore, the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star had all received extremely professional anti-interrogation and anti-hypnosis training.

But what about the Spiritual Race? The Northern Star Field of the Spiritual Race had been peaceful for more than a thousand years. A thousand years ago, the Great Xi Clan had even attacked this place, but not since then. Therefore, the various battle preparation methods that were common on the Blue Star were nowhere to be seen here. Even the command center did not use materials to block mind power.

There was no need to waste it!

Suddenly, Xu Tui thought of a sentence from a great man. The enemy was a paper tiger. He could only defeat it if he dared to fight. Previously, when he was on Planet X, he felt that he was tempting fate by rushing into the enemy’s ranks.

However, from the looks of it, there were loopholes and sieves everywhere in the enemy. If he made good use of it, he would have a lot of potential. Of course, he had to be cautious.

As Ah Huang controlled the quantum intelligence of the command center, Xu Tui hypnotized the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen. In reality, this planet had already fallen into Xu Tui’s hands.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui got the hypnotized Ta Dazhen to gather the

Planetary realm and some quasi-planets here at the training center of the base. There were a total of 50 people in the quasi-planetary realm and Planetary realms below the Five Satellites.

“Yanzi, go and guard the command center,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

After a moment’s hesitation, Yanzi turned around and went to the command center. In the next moment, exclamations and miserable screams could be vaguely heard in the training center.

A massacre!

Yanzi, who had returned to the command center, had a painful expression.

Then, Xu Tui led his men to take over the quantum teleportation tunnel of Planet 1142. He controlled the quantum teleportation tunnel and was basically safe.

Unless a large group arrived directly.

However, Xu Tui was also on guard against the arrival of the main force.

The quantum artificial intelligence controlled a portion of the technological equipment on Asteroid 1142, as well as the technological equipment that Xu Tui and the others had brought. They continuously conducted remote sensing.

If he noticed a super powerful energy body or aura approaching, he would discover it immediately.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue had tested that the quantum teleportation channel could be teleported. If a powerful enemy discovered them, they could retreat immediately through the quantum teleportation channel.

As for the various safety verification orders from the military district of the Northern Star Field, they were handed over to the hypnotized Ta Dazhen. Everything was normal on Planet Big Bear 1142. There were no enemies for the time being.

This was the information that the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Mu Sheng, had obtained.

No one knew that the Blue Star humans they were chasing around had silently controlled Planet Big Bear 1142.

Four hours later, the main force of the expeditionary army entered Planet Big Bear 1142, but the Spiritual Race did not notice anything.

While he was using his quantum intelligence to inform Asteroid 1142 that martial law was in full force, Xu Tui, who was in the command center, sank his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole in his mind.

“Will the same thing happen on this planet?” With an expectant expression, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole suddenly flew out from behind his head..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1