Chapter 1630 - 1630: Shang Long’S Sword Dao And Breakthrough (3)

Chapter 1630 - 1630: Shang Long’s Sword Dao and Breakthrough (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Hearing this, Shang Long suddenly laughed out loud. “That’s right, but if the sword lives, I will live too!” As he laughed, other than his head and heart that he was protecting, the rest of Shang Long’s body was shattered.

His shattered and falling body suddenly turned into physical sword lights.

“Shui Zhi, come and receive my sword. Sword of Death!”

The sword light formed by countless necrotic bodies suddenly gathered into a sword stream and slashed at Shui Zhi from afar. Seeing the sword lights slashing over like a torrent, Shui Zhi was not afraid at all. He waved his sleeve, and an ice storm swept up, shattering the sword lights that were flying over.

“Shang Long, your Sword of Death is only so-so! It’s fine if you don’t want this kind of Sword Dao.” Shui Zhi took the opportunity to attack Shang Long.

Shang Long laughed instead. “Is death scary? Death is not scary. What’s really scary is life! I am the sword, and the sword is me! One with the sword! If the sword is alive, so am I!” With a soft sound, the ice power that was constantly attacking Shang Long’s body suddenly shattered heavily. A sword light with vitality seeped out of Shang Long’s remnant body.

The moment it was exposed, Shang Long’s remnant body suddenly grew rapidly. A physical body could be seen with the naked eye at the remaining heart. The rolling waves of pink flesh made people feel inexplicably horrified.

Shui Zhi was also anxious. He pointed his sword and the ice ball dancing in front of his chest suddenly exploded towards Shang Long. Wherever the ice ball passed, everything was frozen. Including the cosmic tunnel.

“Under the ice, all life must be extinguished!” Shui Zhi shouted.

Shang Long looked at the ice ball that was frozen over and suddenly said, “If the sword is alive, so will I! If I break, so will the sword!” In the next moment, Shang Long’s body, which had just grown, suddenly withered like a withered flower and turned into ashes. “The former is called Sword of Life, this is called Breaking Sword!”

In an instant, Shang Long’s body was destroyed again. Only his head and heart were left. However, an extremely terrifying sword light erupted from his body. The sword light was dark. The moment it blasted out, it met the ice ball.

In an instant, the thousands of meters of frozen cosmic tunnel was shattered by the sword light. The sword light directly collided with the ice ball that contained the power of Shui Zhi, but it did not break through.

This ice ball that contained the origin power of Shui Zhi was extremely hard. It blocked Shang Long’s sword light.

Shang Long’s eyes widened. His beating heart suddenly shrunk by half, and the sword light instantly expanded.

“Break! ” This roar was like a rock that broke through the sky. Under the sudden increase in the destructive sword light, Shui Zhi’s ice ball was instantly blasted back. The ice withered.

Pfft!

The ice ball that contained the origin power of the rules was blasted back. Shui

Zhi was instantly injured, and blood spurted out of his mouth. “Hahahahaha, Shui Zhi, thank you for helping me with my Sword Dao. Today, I have completely comprehended the Dao of One with the Sword! Come, try my third sword, the Sword of Annihilation!”

As he laughed, Shang Long’s heart, which had already withered by half, suddenly contracted again.

This scene frightened Shui Zhi. Was Shang Long a lunatic? He was risking his life here! Was Shang Long risking his life to kill him? However, if Shang Long risked his life to kill him, the main elder of the Spiritual Race, this would be a huge victory for the Blue Star humans.

Shang Long did not lose out at all by risking his life. At the thought of this,

Shui Zhi was really afraid. Without hesitation, Shui Zhi activated it slightly. The cold ball of light that contained his nomological origin power instantly brought him to the back of the cosmic tunnel.

Not only was it not worth it to be killed here by Shang Long, but Shui Zhi was also unwilling.

Almost at the same time that Shui Zhi fled towards the back of the cosmic tunnel, the aura around Shang Long also fluctuated violently. He charged towards the Nine Satellites from the peak of the Eight Satellites.

At the same time, Shang Long’s heart did not wither. It was enough to scare Shui Zhi away. There was no need for Shang Long to die here. If Shui Zhi had not fled just now, Shang Long might have really used the second Sword of

Annihilation.

However, it was hard to say if he could kill Shui Zhi. The moment his heart

grew crazily, Shang Long casually threw out 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Under the stimulation of the power of the Sword Dao, more than 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals instantly turned into pure energy and fused into Shang Long’s heart. It made Shang Long’s aura take another step forward.

It was pushed to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm! Just as Shang Long’s aura stabilized at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, he could no longer hold on. His remaining body fell to the ground of the cosmic tunnel.

Erera, who had been watching all of this, suddenly pounced forward. She turned into a ball of flames and hugged Shang Long. “You… Do you know? You scared me to death just now!” Erera cried.

“Back.. to Wood…” Shang Long, who only had his head and heart left, suddenly fainted after saying these words. His originally vigorous life force suddenly became weak. He was seriously injured and on the verge of death!

Erera turned into a flash of fire and returned to the Wood Origin Palace as quickly as she could.

In the Wood Origin Palace, Erera had just appeared in front of Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu took Shang Long and threw his remnant body into a state-of-the-art incubation chamber that had been prepared beforehand.

A minute later, when he saw that Shang Long’s life force had stabilized, Cai Shaochu heaved a sigh of relief. He suddenly smiled bitterly. ‘Mr. Shang, can you and Xu Tui not play with our hearts like that? I’m afraid I won’t be able to take it.”

Cai Shaochu was smiling bitterly, but Erera was crying at the side. “The second time, this is the second time he has become like this!”

That’s right. This was the second time Mr. Shang had become like this. At this moment, Cai Shaochu could only smile bitterly. What was worth celebrating was that the aura of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse that Shang Long emitted was very stable.

What everyone did not know was that the moment Shang Long completely broke through to the Nine Satellites, the countless screens in the mysterious base in the depths of the universe suddenly lit up again..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1