Chapter 1637 - 1637: The Despair Of The Spiritual Race’S Expeditionarv Force

Chapter 1637: The Despair of the Spiritual Race’s Expeditionarv Force

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had to come up with a plan to deal with various extreme situations when he was fighting behind the enemy lines.

For example, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Planet Y.

The temporary planetary commander, Ta Shichen, heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the intergalactic quantum teleportation that was beginning to emit light. He immediately reported the good news to the main elder, Mu Sheng, and his superior, Huo Xiao, through another quantum teleportation channel.

He, Huo Xian, would re-establish the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel with the solar system. This was definitely a great contribution. Of course, since he had made a contribution, it had to be in his hands. Therefore, he quickly reported this result.

On Big Bear Star, the main elder, Mu Sheng, also took it very seriously. He personally spoke to Ta Shichen.

“Use the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel to contact the solar system. After accumulating energy, send the strongest Planetary realm under you directly to the solar system to stabilize the morale there,” Mu Sheng ordered.

“Understood. We will definitely complete the Elder’s mission! The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel here has already completed the preliminary storage of energy.

Not only did the energy concentration on Planet Y increase, moreover, according to the senses of the elder, the seal between the Milky Way and the solar system seemed to have weakened.

“Therefore, the time it takes for the intergalactic quantum array to accumulate energy is much less than before. We should be able to undergo a teleportation immediately,” Ta Shichen said.

“Alright! Then we’ll implement teleportation immediately! Also, get the Inner Hall Architecture Elder to stabilize and strengthen the quantum teleportation tunnel between Planet Y and the cosmic tunnel. I want to send two Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses to the solar system in the shortest time possible!” Mu Sheng said.

“Understood. That elder said that in the past, we could only teleport a Nine Satellites after a month of accumulation. Now, we might be able to do it in 20 days. We will be able to complete your mission in two months at most,” Ta Shichen said.

“Alright! Now, it’s the first teleportation. I want to receive feedback from the solar system immediately!” Mu Sheng said.

“Alright. Please wait a moment, Elder. Let’s keep in touch.”

After accepting the mission of Mu Sheng, Ta Shichen immediately began to select his subordinates to head to the solar system.

Although the intergalactic expedition was worrying, Ta Shichen immediately found a subordinate of the Six Satellites under the heavy reward. After promising the heavy reward, he headed to the solar system through the current quantum teleportation channel.

Ten minutes later, the intergalactic quantum teleportation began. A Six Satellites Planetary realm who had just received a large number of rewards stepped into the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel with a solemn expression.

According to Ta Shichen’s description, the situation in the solar system was great. It was a place to make a contribution and make a fortune.

After stepping in, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel flashed with light, and the quantum fluctuations suddenly increased. However, in the next moment, the vortex door of light of the quantum teleportation channel suddenly flashed violently.

The expression of the Inner Hall Architecture Elder, who was waiting quietly at the side, suddenly changed drastically. “Oh no, there’s a problem with the interzalactic quantum teleportation channel.”

In an instant, Ta Shichen’s face turned pale. “What… What went wrong? Elder, how do we repair it?”

“I’m not sure what the problem is yet. There might be interference. Give me a little time, or…” In the next moment, the expression of the Inner Hall Architecture Elder suddenly changed drastically. “Insufficient energy? How is that possible?”

“Insufficient energy? Then… then quickly invest the Origin Crystals.” Ta Shichen was anxious.

“It’s useless. Intergalactic quantum teleportation channels require more stable leyline energy. The energy of Origin Crystals can only be replenished a little.”

The intense brilliance of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel flickered, illuminating everyone’s faces. Fifteen seconds later, there was a loud explosion. The intergalactic teleportation channel that had been successfully built for less than a day collapsed again.

The faces of Ta Shichen and the Inner Hall Architecture Elder turned pale at the same time. Only they knew what this meant.

As for the Six Satellites Planetary realm cultivator who had disappeared into the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, there was no need to ask. He had already been destroyed. At this moment, no one cared about his life.

At the same time, on Planet X.

Lang Heng, who was guarding Planet X, and a dozen other Planetary realm and quasi-planetary experts who had been transferred over from the Fire Origin Palace were looking forward to the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that had been rebuilt a day ago.

Due to safety, the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army had always had a backup intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. It was a quantum array core. Half of it was in the hands of the Spiritual Race’s mother planet, and the other half was in the hands of the expeditionary army.

If anything happened, they could rely on this quantum array core to re-establish the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. It was an important guarantee for the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army.

At this moment, after Chi Jing contacted Shui Zhi, he activated this backup intergalactic quantum array core.

Once they re-established contact, not only could they resolve their current crisis, but they could also continuously obtain the support of a large number of reinforcements. After a while, they would be able to flatten the Blue Star and make unparalleled contribution points.

Everyone, including Lang Heng, had expectant expressions. Putting aside their future contribution points, the most important thing was that this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel represented their connection to home and their home planet.

As long as the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel existed, they would have a way home..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1