Chapter 1646 - 1646: Ten Dead-Ends (1)

Chapter 1646 - 1646: Ten Dead-ends (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a planet named Asteroid 1266 11 days away from Asteroid 1142 in the Northern Star Field. This flight distance was estimated by Ah Huang based on the flying speed of Xu Tui’s Aerospace Combat Jet.

Currently, Xu Tui’s third-generation Aerospace Combat Jet has a maximum speed of 140 Mach per hour and a standard cruising speed of 110 to 130 Mach. (One Mach was about 1,200 kilometers.)

Through the big data of Asteroid 1142’s quantum intelligence system, Ah Huang realized that the quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 1266 had stopped for five days.

All kinds of data showed that there were at least five Planetary realm powerhouses stationed on this asteroid. This was not including the Planetary realm powerhouses that were originally stationed on this asteroid.

The information gathered by the big data showed that the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm of this asteroid had already gathered and set off.

This departure was directly from the planet into outer space.

From this information, the troops sent by the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field Military District had already begun to take action. The encirclement and suppression of Xu Tui’s team had alreadv begun.

“There’s a high chance that the Spiritual Race might be encircling us.” According to this information, Xu Tui gathered everyone for a discussion. Xu Tui felt that he had to listen to everyone’s opinions.

“According to the standard combat method of the military, there will be at least two layers of the encirclement. There is almost no possibility of us hiding under layers of encirclement and blockade of traffic.” Yang Huai, who was from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College, analyzed this logically.

“Moreover, if the Spiritual Race is not too weak, it’s very likely that they will send out a rapid mobile special forces. Once they discover our whereabouts, they will immediately bite us and kill us accurately,” Cui Xi said.

Basically, according to everyone, as long as the military intelligence of the Spiritual Race was online, they would use this relatively safe tactic. If there was enough intelligence support or they could lock onto it in advance, the rapid mobile special forces would take action.

“Then how do we break through the situation?” Xu Tui asked for everyone’s opinion again.

When Xu Tui said that, there were fewer comments on how to break the situation compared to his previous analysis. This battle tactic was very difficult. The expeditionary army was surrounded by thousands of experts and had enemies everywhere. And the expeditionary army was alone and had limited combat strength.

To be honest, no one was confident that they could kill their way out. After a moment of silence, Yan Lie suddenly said, “Commander, we look so similar to the Spiritual Race. How about we impersonate the Spiritual Race’s troops and surround ourselves?”

“That’s impossible!” As soon as Yan Lie finished speaking, he received Yang Huai’s objection. “The operations of the army are systematic. We’ve studied it, including from the latest information I obtained about the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field Military District. The Spiritual Race’s military system is also a standard modern management system.

“Personally, I think that it’s possible for one or two people to impersonate them. However, it was impossible with more than 30 of us. Even if it’s barely realized, it will always be on the verge of being exposed. It will bring about a disaster at any time!”

They did not come to any conclusions during the military meeting, but it also gave Xu Tui a lot of ideas. The military meeting had not ended when it was interrupted by another military order. This military order was directly issued by the Northern Star Field Military District to the command center of the Asteroid Defense Base Number 1142.

It was received by the current deputy commander, Ta Dazhen. It could be seen that the management system of the Northern Star Field Military District was still very three-dimensional.

Before the military order was issued, the quantum artificial intelligence of the Northern Star Field Military District first contacted and confirmed the identity of the quantum artificial intelligence of the Asteroid Defense Base 1142. This was the first level of authentication.

Then, after establishing the communication, he first remotely verified the identity of the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen, including the biological information test. This was the second level of authentication.

However, it was not over yet. There was still the third level of identification. If the first two levels of verification were at the technological level, then the third level was at the supernatural being level.

He had to use the identity jade slip of the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen, to verify his identity. After activating his mind power, he had to become one with the jade slip. Only then could he officially confirm his identity and transmit the military order.

These three verifications were completed in an extremely short period of time. It could be said that the possibility of the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen, being impersonated was infinitely close to zero.

Under normal circumstances, it was extremely difficult to impersonate.

However, in reality, the impersonation was successful. Or rather, he did not Impersonate nlm. He nacl only successruny controlled tne deputy commancler,

Ta Dazhen.

Up until now, Xu Tui had condensed the various supportive abilities of the School of General Senses into a new star. It was like a bug in both the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star.

No one would do that. Moreover, even if they were doing research in this area, those who could do this did not have a high cultivation level and had average mind power.

The contents of the military order shocked everyone.

“Order the deputy commander, Ta Dazhen, to immediately send people to repair the quantum teleportation channel. At the same time, gather at least 11 Planetary realms and 30 quasi-planetary experts to be on standby. Also, prepare eight aircrafts. When the experts sent by the military arrive, they will hand over and participate in the encirclement. The Northern Star Field Military District would send four experts to participate in the encirclement.”

According to the internal definition of the Spiritual Race, these four experts were usually above the Five Satellites Planetary realm..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1