Chapter 1647 - 1647: Ten Dead-Ends (2)

Chapter 1647 - 1647: Ten Dead-ends (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Based on the current situation, there was at least one Seven Satellites

Planetary realm. He might even be an Eight Satellites. The possibility of Nine

Satellites was not high either. The Northern Star Field Military District ordered Ta Dazhen to temporarily close the two external quantum teleportation channels of Asteroid 1142.

The four Planetary realm powerhouses sent by the military would arrive in batches through these two quantum teleportation channels within two days.

On the Spiritual Race’s side, the recovery time of the quantum fluctuations was about 24 hours after the Planetary realm powerhouses passed through their quantum teleportation channel.

The contents of the military order made everyone uneasy. In other words, from this moment on, the commander of the encirclement team sent by the Northern Star Field Military District might arrive at any time.

That meant that the expeditionary army led by Xu Tui might be exposed at any time. Once they were exposed, what awaited their expeditionary army might mean that they would be wiped out. Based on the current situation, the Spiritual Race had mobilized nearly 10,000 Planetary realm and quasi-planetary experts to surround Xu Tui and the others. Once they were exposed, the massive Spiritual Race army would pounce on Planet 1142.

At that time, Xu Tui and the others would definitely die if they cut off the nearby quantum teleportation channel. That was because the speed of the aircraft was just that. No matter which direction he fled in, he could only fly that far for a certain period of time.

As long as they followed this encirclement, they would definitely be able to find Xu Tui and the others and kill them.

This was a normal situation.

For example, the Spiritual Race had some supernatural methods that Xu Tui and the others did not Imow about. Although there were very few abnormalities, there was definitely someone in the Spiritual Race who had this ability.

If a super expert locked onto Xu Tui and the others in a short period of time, the expeditionary army was finished. With the appearance of this military order, the situation of the expeditionary army was on the verge of death.

They could be exposed at any time. They could be wiped out at any time.

“It’s fine. We still have time!” As the Lord of The Myths, Ullr was still very calm. “Even if the commander of the Spiritual Race’s military encirclement team arrives, they still have to inform Asteroid 1142 in advance to activate the quantum teleportation channel. We still have at least a day,” Ullr said.

“We’re sure that there’s still a day, but it’s useless! Our location will be exposed in a day at most. How far could we fly in a day? As long as Planet 1142 is exposed, the Spiritual Race will be able to accurately circle us according to our location and kill us,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

Hearing this, Ullr was a little silent. “That’s true. Or rather, we can adopt a silent mode! There’s still a chance to forcefully capture a meteorite and hide it.

We can wander in space silently.”

“It’s too late.” Ruan Tianzuo shook his head. “If we had been silently wandering in space seven days ago, there would have been at least a two-thirds chance of us escaping their encirclement. If we had wandered the space silently a day and a half ago, I estimated that there was a quarter of a chance that we would have escaped their encirclement. But now, as long as our location was exposed, the Spiritual Race would definitely search for meteors in any area. Unless we’re lucky enough to encounter a meteor shower…”

Ruan Tianzuo did not say anything else. A meteor shower was impossible.

Moreover, even if they encountered a meteor shower, they would not be able to capture the meteors in the meteor shower sequence.

For a moment, following Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo’s words, the entire expeditionary army seemed to have fallen into a desperate situation.

Xu Tui was extremely prestigious in the expeditionary army. Otherwise, with the analysis of Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo, the morale of the army might have collapsed on the spot. Everyone looked at Xu Tui with anticipation. They looked forward to their regiment commander’s decision.

Ten sides!

There were ten dead ends!

According to Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo, what awaited the expeditionary army was a dead end. To be honest, Xu Tui would have felt a little despair if he had not trained his willpower. He felt a chill run down his spine when he saw the expectant gazes of the members.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had been studying the route home for the past two days. In order to bring the expeditionary army home, Xu Tui and Ah Huang had deduced and designed dozens of routes home based on the available information.

However, the feasibility and success rate of these routes were very low. Almost all the routes had a success rate of less than 5%, or even 1%.

That was why Xu Tui had not made a decision. But he also understood that it was time to make a decision. If he made a decision and started taking action, he could still earn his life.

Otherwise, he would die.

“I admit that your analysis makes sense. However, Ullr, I want to ask you a question. According to your analysis, I, Xu Tui, can stand here now. Can you listen to my orders?”

Xu Tui’s question was very direct. He had the intention of slapping Ullr in public. However, with Ullr’s understanding, he immediately understood what Xu Tui meant. Xu Tui was using this question to boost the morale of the army.

Everything was for the sake of survival. He was naturally very cooperative.

At that moment, Ullr let out a bitter laugh. “That’s true. If the analysis was useful, the regiment commander would have been killed dozens of times by me. You would even have been dissected and studied by me. However, you saw the truth. I have to listen to the regiment commander’s orders now.”

Ullr spread his hands and smiled bitterly and helplessly. This made the members of the expeditionary army laugh.

That was true. Analysis seemed to be useless.

“Analysis and judgment are useful, but if analysis and judgment are useful, why would there be a need to fight? We could just compare the data flow. Everyone, believe me. Since I, Xu Tui, can bring you over, I will definitely think of a way to bring you back to the solar system.” Xu Tui took the opportunity to encourage them.

“Then how do we break through the current situation?” Ruan Tianzuo asked.

“Good question.” Xu Tui projected a military spirit diagram that he had obtained from the Spiritual Race. “It’s only possible to break through the ten-sided dead ends by doing the opposite.”

“Do the opposite? Can you be clearer?” Even Ullr did not understand Xu Tui’s tactical explanation, so he asked.

“It’s very simple. Let me ask you a question first. What do you think our Blue Star Expeditionary Force should do after leaving Planet Y?” Xu Tui asked. “To escape! Escape the encirclement and pursuit of the Spiritual Race and find a way out.”

“Then do the opposite. Do you understand?” Xu Tui smiled.

“We’re not escaping?” Yan Lie was stunned. “If we’re not escaping, aren’t we courting death?”

“No. The regiment commander’s intention of not escaping is not to wait for death on the spot. Instead, we should change to a more active military posture. We can only obtain a chance of survival after we disrupt the enemy’s encirclement and deployment with this active military posture.” Ullr seemed to understand Xu Tui’s strategy.

Compared to Ullr, although Ruan Tianzuo was good at conspiracy, he was clearly inferior in military tactics. He still did not quite understand. “Commander, can you make it clearer? How can we do the opposite?” “Attack! We’ll take the initiative to attack! ”

“Wouldn’t that be falling into the arms of the enemy? It’s no different from having a death wish, right?”

“Of course I don’t have a death wish! By actively attacking, I’m talking about quickly disrupting the enemy’s rhythm and causing chaos.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui drew a large circle on the military spiritual diagram. “Everyone, look. There are many factors for us to use. For example, quantum teleportation channels, cosmic tunnels, and time and space. The space is extremely vast. While it reduced our chances of escaping, it also brought us life. Of course, attacking was also a skillful attack.

“Everyone, I already have the basic offensive tactics. I won’t announce the specific tactics. Prepare for battle. Try your best to adjust your condition to the peak. Because we might have to fight continuously next,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood!”

In fact, two hours after Ta Dazhen received the order from the Northern Star Field Military District, he received another order from the Northern Star Field Military District.

The first batch of two Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race were about to arrive in half an hour. The Northern Star Field Military District ordered Ta Dazhen to prepare for the reception.

“Everyone, get ready for battle!” Xu Tui’s voice sounded at the same time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1