Chapter 1649 Planetary Doomsday (2)

1649  Planetary Doomsday (2)

If anything happened during the quantum teleportation, even gods would not be able to save him. The light of the first quantum teleportation channel flickered violently. The Planetary realm powerhouse sent by the Spiritual Race would be able to arrive soon.

"I'll restrict him. You guys blast him."

Xu Tui had just finished speaking when an extremely burly man in green wind-patterned armor, who was 2.2 meters away, appeared in the quantum teleportation tunnel.

In an instant, Xu Tui and the others appeared in front of him. However, he did not suspect anything. This was because Xu Tui and the others were all wearing the standard armor of the Spiritual Race. They did not look burly, they were considered short within the Spiritual Race.

However, there were also short people in the Spiritual Race. Moreover, the Spiritual Race had the habit of welcoming and sending people. There were only five people who came to welcome him. In terms of numbers, it was still too little.

From this point, Feng Zinan was a little unhappy. The commander of Asteroid 1142 did not respect him enough.

When Feng Zinan appeared, Ta Dazhen smiled and went forward. "Sir, I am the acting commander of the Asteroid Defense Base 1142. I have specially come to welcome you."

"Acting commander?" Feng Zinan, who was not too satisfied with the extravagance, suddenly sneered. "It looks like you don't really want to remove the word 'acting'."

Ta Dazhen was a little confused, but he suddenly saw An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue's temperament was outstanding. She was not wearing her signature mask in the Spiritual Race. Instead, she was wearing the female face armor of the Spiritual Race. Her silver hair fluttered behind her. She looked extraordinary, like an immortal jade.

Moreover, the aura she emitted was in the Planetary realm.

In the Spiritual Race, the female Planetary realm was extremely popular. When reproducing, the stronger the mother's cultivation, the more talented the child would be. Even a Planetary realm cultivator that looked good would be snatched away, let alone an immortal jade like An Xiaoxue.

Feng Zinan did not expect such a Planetary realm beauty to exist in a small place like Asteroid 1142. He instantly burst with joy and leaned toward An Xiaoxue. "Miss, what's your name? Which district are you in…"

He was only halfway through his question when Feng Zinan suddenly felt four powerful mind power fluctuations around him. The killing intent was palpable. This killing intent was naturally produced by Xu Tui and the others when they wanted to attack him.

In an instant, Feng Zinan was shocked, but he did not panic. He was a wind-type supernatural being with the strength of Eight Satellites. He did not take the four people who attacked seriously. Two of them were Seven Satellites and two were Four Satellites.

Suddenly, An Xiaoxue's mind power moved. The space in front of him suddenly trembled.

Feng Zinan was shocked.

A spatial-type Planetary realm powerhouse!

A rare spatial-type Planetary realm powerhouse.

It had to be known that there were very few spatial-type Planetary realm powerhouses, but every one of them had extremely powerful combat strength. For example, the current Great Elder of the Spiritual Race, Xu Yi, was a spatial-type supernatural being.

He did not know how strong his combat strength was, but none of the other elders in the main seat of the Sanctuary dared to attack him after so many years. The greatest characteristic of spatial-type supernatural beings was that their attacks were strange and sharp. Many times, they could not take them head-on and could only dodge.

However, at Feng Zinan's cultivation level, his mental perception was powerful and he was extremely sensitive to the changes in the surrounding space.

He was not afraid. The moment he sensed the spatial fluctuations, Feng Zinan did not have the time to think about why these people were attacking him. Green light flashed around his body and he was about to dodge.

The moment he used his supernatural being ability, Feng Zinan felt as if he had fallen into a swamp. His movements became extremely slow. This was the realistic characteristic of Xu Tui's mind power.

At this level, a momentary mistake could determine life and death.

Feng Zinan was restricted by Xu Tui. An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Slash landed squarely on him.

Although An Xiaoxue was a Four Satellites, she had already strengthened her Dimensional Slash to the mid-stage of the sixth star halo. In terms of abilities, it was already about the same as the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Slash attack could even threaten the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Nine Satellites, Shui Zhi.

Feng Zinan's head was cut off diagonally by An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Slash. Half of the head from his left eye to his right chin disappeared. He was killed in one strike. In the next moment, Feng Zinan's mental body roared and escaped. "How dare you kill me? Aren't you afraid of being destroyed…"

Boom! Boom!

Almost at the same time that Feng Zinan's mental body escaped, the lightning of Ullr and Wen Xinglun drowned him. In order to kill them in one strike, Ullr and Wen Xinglun very unkindly activated the seals of their Lightning Division. Feng Zinan's roar was drowned in the lightning. His mental body was also drowned.

Instant kill!

An Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was instantly killed by Xu Tui and the other three.

Ta Dazhen, who had witnessed all of this, instantly turned pale. He covered his head and groaned in extreme pain.

The scene just now stimulated him, who was deeply hypnotized, to wake up.

Xu Tui continued to intervene with his spiritual resonance and comforted Ta Dazhen. He still needed the help of Ta Dazhen for the next most important step to be foolproof. As Xu Tui comforted Ta Dazhen, he ordered, "Go and participate in the battle. Remember, you are not allowed to leave the Defense Base."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1