Chapter 1644 - 1644: The Gift Of The Planetary Commander (2)

Chapter 1644 - 1644: The Gift of the Planetary Commander (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What made everyone interested was An Xiaoxue’s cultivation level. She was still stuck at the Four Satellites Planetary realm and had not broken through to the Five Satellites.

Only Xu Tui knew about An Xiaoxue’s changes.

An Xiaoxue was also from the School of Enlightened Mind. Although her cultivation efficiency was not as abnormal as Xu Tui’s, it far exceeded that of ordinary people. In reality, An Xiaoxue’s strength had increased greatly.

Especially with the help of the two completely refined Star Official Seals, the speed at which she absorbed Origin Energy surpassed others. However, An Xiaoxue was not in a hurry to break through to the Five Satellites. She was busy cultivating three abilities.

One was the main planet of the Dimensional Slash, the other was the main planet of mind power, and the other was the Ice Barrier of the School of Perception Instantiation that Bu Qingqiu had taught her.

The main attack of the Dimensional Slash had been strengthened to the mid-stage of the sixth star halo by An Xiaoxue. The main planet of mind power was the foundation that determined one’s combat strength. It had also been strengthened to the sixth star halo by An Xiaoxue.

The Ice Barrier had a myriad of changes, such as the Ice Shield, the Ice Ring, and so on. However, the main defense had been strengthened by An Xiaoxue to the mid-stage of the fourth star halo.

An Xiaoxue mainly attacked these three abilities to increase her actual combat strength, not purely her cultivation level. It was not an exaggeration to say that although An Xiaoxue was still a Four Satellites, her combat strength was definitely at the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

She might even be stronger!

The only problem was that up until now, An Xiaoxue had not figured out the functions of the Auspicious Cow Seal that she had just completely refined.

However, what was certain was that the Auspicious Cow Seal had a different ability, just like the Rabbit Taichong Seal.

It could be said that the expeditionary army team that Xu Tui had organized this time had undergone a complete transformation in the seven days since they stepped into the Spiritual Race’s territory.

Of course, the price was that two planets would completely become useless planets. To a certain extent, this improvement was at the cost of the deaths of countless living beings on two planets.

The people of the Spiritual Race on these two planets could migrate, but the flowers, trees, and insects on these two planets would definitely die in the future. Moreover, the recovery time of these two planets might be measured in millennia.

“The Planetary Chief is here to console the military?” Xu Tui was a little surprised when he heard this news. “Ah Huang, the quantum intelligence of the Planetary General Department of Asteroid 1142 has been successfully controlled, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not at the moment. With the help of the military system, I only monitor the communication of the Planetary Authority. If they send a dangerous message, I will intercept it immediately,” Ah Huang said.

“Very good. Then this is our chance.”

“Are we going to invade and completely control it?” Ah Huang asked.

“No, I want you to infiltrate. Today’s opportunity is rare. While the Spiritual Race hasn’t discovered so many of our actions, while I can control a high-ranking official like the Chief of the Planet and obtain high-level rights, I want to obtain as many legal identities as possible and hide in the Spiritual Race’s quantum intelligence system. Then, help me gather useful information about the Spiritual Race. This is very important to whether we can return home successfully,” Xu Tui ordered.

“I understand. A gentle lurking, right?”

“That’s right. If possible, secretly control the quantum intelligent mainframe within the Spiritual Race and establish a large data analysis center within the Spiritual Race. I don’t need you to collect their military information. You just had to collect their civilian intelligence and analyze it.

“For example, if their quantum teleportation channel is closed, etc. Under the analysis of the big data, we can obtain a lot of very useful information,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand what you mean, but in that case, my lurking program has to jump out of Asteroid 1142 and spread out towards more asteroids. Otherwise, once you are exposed on Planet 1142, my lurking program will not be able to escape their purge. I need time,” Ah Huang said.

“Don’t worry, I’ll try my best to buy you time.”

“That’s not a problem! I feel that as long as I’m given time, with my current quantum computing power enhanced by mind power, none of the quantum intelligence of the Spiritual Race will be a match for me,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he heard that. “Mind power can also enhance quantum computing power?

“Of course! Actually, the human brain is the top computing machine in the universe. Even the most advanced quantum intelligence can’t compare to it. It’s just that most people haven’t developed it,” Ah Huang said.

“Development?”

“That’s right. Cultivating mind power is also a form of development! Of course, your mind power or the main ability of your brain is the most complicated event processing ability in the world, but it is not a data processing ability. As for me, because I was born with advanced artificial intelligence and have mind power, I can use mind power to increase my computing power,” Ah Huang said.

“Yes, not bad.” Xu Tui praised him, but he felt a little afraid. Was Ah Huang already so abnormal? Did he continuously use the Silver Spirit Box to strengthen Ah Huang’s spirit after it was activated and nurtured a monster?

Previously, Mr. Shang, Principal Cai, and the others had also given such instructions, including Cheng Fengxi, who had disappeared. Was he worried about this?

Fortunately, Xu Tui readily agreed. He had already made arrangements. It was not a conspiracy. It was more of a precautionary plan.

Not to mention anything else, back then, the Great Xi Clan was a tool under the rule of the ancient Heavenly Court. Their management and control were so strict, but in the end, they actually independently became one of the overlords

of the Milky Way..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1