Chapter 1641 - 1641: Mu Sheng’S Scheme And The Way Home (3)

Chapter 1641 - 1641: Mu Sheng’s Scheme and the Way Home (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Mu Sheng shook his head. “It’s the same even if I didn’t take over. I’m the elder on duty for the past ten years. I can’t escape. At that time, we would not be able to escape if we really sent a intergalactic quantum array core to the solar system. But you’re the one I’m worried about.”

Mu Zhengyue smiled bitterly again. Seeing this, Mu Sheng said, “As the main elder, I should be able to obtain a spiritual treasure to protect myself. With the current weakness of the Sun Guardian, I might be able to pass alive. However, the Nine Satellites who were clearing the way would definitely die. I don’t care about the others, but you…”

Mu Sheng’s intentions were filled with worry for Mu Zhengyue’s life.

Mu Zhengyue understood what Mu Sheng meant, but he was powerless and could not avoid such a thing. It was even more impossible for him to escape. That would only bring shame to the entire family. What was left for him was to generously open the way to die. He had no other choice. Even if he was unwilling and indignant, he had no choice.

Mu Zhengyue was speechless for a long time, but Mu Sheng spoke again, “Zhengyue, I remember that Elder Ying Dan of the Shadow Sect is your in-law, right?”

“That’s right. My grandson married his granddaughter. However, I haven’t seen him in many years…” Halfway through his sentence, Mu Zhengyue suddenly raised his head and looked at Mu Sheng, the main elder he had followed for half his life. He suddenly understood something.

Otherwise, Mu Sheng would not have mentioned Ying Dan out of thin air. There were not many people in the Shadow Sect. They were in charge of internal and external infiltration security. Every elder was very mysterious.

“I’m the main elder. I’ve been on duty for the past few years and have more information. I know that Ying Dan is currently in charge of infiltrating and spying on the Muyas. Furthermore, they have already achieved a certain level of results,” Mu Sheng said.

Mu Zhengyue understood that this Ying Dan was probably the key to survival. He quickly said, “Lord Elder, I have a good relationship with Ying Dan. Just tell me what you need me to do.”

“Just get Ying Dan to help us spread a message in the Muya Star Field.”

“Just say that our Spiritual Race is about to completely break through the Blue

Star and occupy the entire solar system. This way, the Muyas will go crazy.”

Mu Zhengyue understood Mu Sheng’s words with a thought. There were treasures in the solar system that the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race all wanted to obtain, especially in comparison, they were more important to the Muyas.

Therefore, the Muyas would not sit back and watch the Spiritual Race occupy the entire solar system. However, what did this have to do with their way out?

For a moment, Mu Zhengyue, who could not understand, frowned.

“The Muyas’ current expeditionary force in the solar system has been exterminated by the Blue Star humans! If the Muyas want to enter the solar system again, they can only take the risk to pass through the high-temperature fire screen again. And the Solar System’s High-Temperature Fire Screen is one.”

Mu Zhengyue immediately understood. If the Muyas wanted to enter the solar system in a short period of time, they could only use brute force to weaken the Guardian power of the high-temperature fire screen.

No matter what method they used, as long as the power of the high-temperature fire screen was weakened a little, their chances of survival of transmigrating through the high-temperature fire screen would increase.

He was borrowing the power of the Muyas to create a life for himself.

“Elder, this method is definitely feasible in theory! However, once the Muyas go crazy and pass through the high -temperature fire screen and enter the solar system again, I’m afraid..

“If both of us become ashes, what does this achievement have to do with us? Moreover, even without this news, the Muyas would have invaded the solar system again sooner or later! The others can’t wait, but the Lord of the Muyas can’t,” Mu Sheng said.

Mu Zhengyue made up his mind.

“Alright, I’ll contact them immediately! In for a penny, in for a pound. I’ll see if I can spread the news to the Great Xi Clan,” Mu Zhengyue said.

“Alright! Hurry up. I’ll withstand the pressure from the Sanctuary and try my best to delay the transportation of the intergalactic quantum teleportation core, but I can’t delay it for too long!” Mu Sheng said.

“Understood ! ”

Asteroid 1142.

Due to the continuous appearance of auras that had broken through to the Planetary realm, the experts of the Spiritual Race in the nearby cities came to watch. In order to continue hiding his tracks, Xu Tui got the hypnotized deputy commander of the asteroid, Ta Dazhen, to drive them away.

However, perhaps because it had been a long time, two Planetary realm experts from the Spiritual Race had each brought four quasi-planetary experts to boldly bribe Ta Dazhen.

They sent 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals, only asking Ta Dazhen to let them in and let their juniors personally observe the changes in the force field when they broke through to the Planetary realm in the army to prepare for their juniors to break through to the Planetary realm in the future.

Nothing is as touching as parents’ love. Unfortunately, these were the parents of the Spiritual Race. And now, it was a species war! Even though he was pitiful, Xu Tui’s hands were not soft at all.

Since they had boldly run to the vicinity of the military base and kept coming into contact, he could only give them this chance to avoid revealing his whereabouts.

A minute later, Xu Tui asked Ta Dazhen to offer 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals. After obtaining 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals, Ta Dazhen led the four of them into the military base of Planet 1142.

Of course, 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals naturally belonged to Xu Tui.

However, what awaited these six people was an attack. There was no suspense.

A massacre!

There was a Four Satellites Planetary realm, a Three Satellites Planetary realm, and four quasi-planetary realms.

The corpses could be used to refine the Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals. The Blood Crystals would be given to others for their future cultivation, and the Soul Crystals would be left behind for emergency recovery of mind power..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1