Chapter 1645 - 1645: The Gift Of The Planetary Commander (3)

Chapter 1645 - 1645: The Gift of the Planetary Commander (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What had happened was still a mystery for the time being. Xu Tui needed to dig it out one by one.

Of course, Xu Tui was on guard, but he would not give up on food just because he choked. He would naturally use Ah Huang when he needed to. In the Defense Base of Planet Asteroid 1142, the planet’s commander, Hai Yishan, brought a few subordinates over with a cart of gifts.

It was mainly because of the Origin Crystals, a portion of luxury items, and medicinal pills unique to the Spiritual Race. The number of Origin Crystals was as high as 20,000 grams.

10,000 grams of it was given to the base commander alone. Of course, Xu Tui accepted it with a smile.

“Commander Hai, I’ll introduce you to a big shot today.” Ta Dazhen, who had been deeply hypnotized by Xu Tui, had long thought that Xu Tui was a special envoy from the northern military district. He listened to everything Xu Tui said.

“A big shot? What kind of big shot?”

“Does being the deputy chief of staff of the Northern Star Field Army count?

He’s the true trusted aide of Lord Huo Xiao!”

As soon as he said that, Hai Yishan was immediately stunned. “Really?”

“How can that be fake!”

“Then… then I’ll have to trouble Lord Ta to introduce me. I’ll definitely reward you heavily after this!”

Hearing Hai Yishan’s words, the hypnotized Ta Dazhen revealed his true nature. “Haha, that’s fine, but you won’t go to see this lord empty-handed, right?”

“This… definitely not. Then… I wonder what Sir likes? I’ll prepare it immediately!” Hai Yishan said.

“What does he like?” Ta Dazhen fell into deep thought. He did not know what Xu Tui liked.

While Ta Dazhen was deep in thought, Hai Yishan, who was used to doing such things, asked. “Lord Ta, is this envoy a man or a woman?”

“Male.” “How old is he?”

“Not old.”

“That’s good. Young heroes are hot-blooded. As the saying goes, beauties match heroes.

“I’ll immediately send a hundred local girls with different temperaments over to serve this special envoy. Let the special envoy choose for himself. Sir, of course, there will be yours.” Hai Yishan smiled.

When Ta Dazhen heard this, he smiled. Within the Spiritual Race, the status of the planetary commander was not high, but the real power he had was tempting. The lives of the people under him were completely up to him.

“Rejected.”

Xu Tui’s voice sounded in Ta Dazhen’s mind. Ta Dazhen was stunned and could only shake his head.

Seeing Ta Dazhen shake his head, Hai Yishan was stunned. “Could it be that our special envoy likes male pets?

“How about this? I’ll immediately send a hundred handsome men over. Does he want men who are masculine or delicate, or…”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard what Hai Yishan said. The Spiritual Race had already become so corrupted. A planetary commander had sent over hundreds of handsome men and women. It was simply too much.

Xu Tui wanted to refuse, but Yanzi’s face suddenly flashed past his mind. To be honest, Xu Tui had promised to release Yanzi back. He had to fulfill his promise.

However, from the bottom of his heart, Xu Tui still hoped that Yanzi would stay. He wanted Yanzi to stay, be it for the communication of her mental body or her research ability on the quantum array core.

However, he could not persuade her to stay. Although he could not persuade her to stay, he could slowly think of a way to make Yanzi change her mind. This was a better opportunity.

“Let him do whatever he wants. Also, tell me that I like some rare materials. Give him a hint. Tell him that I often give gifts to the elders of the Sanctuary, something like the Purple Star Crystal.”

Xu Tui was just short of directly asking for the Purple Star Crystal. Ta Dazhen, a member of the Spiritual Race, had done such things many times. He immediately understood Xu Tui’s intentions.

“I’m not too sure if the special envoy likes a man or a woman, but he will eventually like them! Also, when the special envoy first arrived a few days ago, he asked me to search for anything like Purple Star Crystals,” Ta Dazhen said.

Hearing this, Hai Yishan was shocked. “Purple Star Crystal? These are military-controlled resources. Ordinary…”

“Do you think I don’t know that it’s military-controlled resources? Do I need you to tell me? However, the relationship between the special envoy and the Sanctuary elders needs to be maintained,” Ta Dazhen said.

“I understand, I understand!” Hai Yishan nodded repeatedly. “Then I’ll go and prepare immediately. By the way, Lord Ta, do you prefer a man or a woman? Ta Dazhen was stunned. Then, he said unhappily, “Of course I like women!”

“Understood, understood.”

When Hai Yishan left, Xu Tui sensed the situation of the underground earth vine of Asteroid 1142 through the Great Seal of Longevity. If he participated in the cultivation, the earth vein of Planet 1142 would be exhausted in another six hours. If he did not participate in the cultivation, the earth vein of Planet 1142 could still allow others to cultivate for about 12 hours.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. So far, it had not triggered his safety limit. The route home had been preliminarily planned. However, there were too many variables in the future. Therefore, Xu Tui still needed to constantly adjust the route of returning home. This was an extremely dangerous route.

It was called dancing on the tip of a knife.

In the future, Xu Tui and his group might be consigned to eternal damnation if they took a wrong step. Therefore, he had to be careful.

The planetary commander of Planet Asteroid 1142, Hai Yishan, returned extremely quickly. He arrived with a large number of people an hour and a half later. There were 120 beautiful girls and 100 handsome men from this asteroid. They were all very young. However, without exception, everyone was very afraid. They had no idea what they were going to face next.

Of course, Xu Tui did not have any thoughts about facing so many beautiful foreign women. Even if he had the intention, he did not dare to. He only called

Yanzi over.

“Commander, why did you bring so many young people from the Spiritual Race to the base? How can you do this?” Yanzi became anxious when she saw these young Spiritual Race members enter the base.

Yanzi understood that because of the secrecy, when they left this planet, they would kill anyone from the Spiritual Race who had seen them. That meant that all 200-odd young people of the Spiritual Race were going to die.

In war, the soldiers of the Spiritual Race were killed. Yanzi could not avoid it. This was war.

However, with so many young people, Yanzi instantly became angry. After all, she had communicated with Xu Tui about this before. She tried her best not to kill the civilians of the Spiritual Race.

But now…

She lost her temper on the spot.

“What do you mean?”

“This planetary commander, Hai Yishan, discovered that 13 people were preparing to break through the planet in the Defense Base overnight, so he came to console the military. Then, Ta Dazhen received him and said that a special envoy had come from above. Then, he created such a huge scene to curry favor with me, his so-called special envoy. Look, a hundred handsome men. Do you think I like men?” This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to flare up.

Yanzi was stunned!

Xu Tui went to meet Hai Yishan without looking back. Then, Yanzi personally witnessed the scene of Hai Yishan currying favor with Xu Tui. He did not know if Xu Tui liked men or women, so he chose 100 each and asked the special envoy to choose.

Yanzi trembled with anger when she saw this scene. Hai Yishan was the commander of Planet 1142. He was the parent of these young people. How could he be like this? How could it be like this! Why had the Spiritual Race become like this?

Was this the Spiritual Race that she knew about previously?

Xu Tui felt a little sinister when he saw Yanzi trembling in anger. Of course, he had only planned a little. Most of the things were done by Hai Yishan. What surprised Xu Tui was that Hai Yishan had really sent over the Purple Star Crystals.

Although it was only three kilograms, it surprised Xu Tui. Three kilograms of Purple Star Crystals was enough for Yanzi to refine 20 to 30 sets of quantum array cores. This harvest was a pleasant surprise!

What happened next made sense.

Xu Tui hypnotized Hai Yishan and got him to give him the quantum artificial intelligence rights to Planet 1142. Not long after, Hai Yishan personally brought Ah Huang into the quantum brain of Planet 1142 with its highest authority. Then, in less than an hour, Ah Huang sent Xu Tui an important message.

“Xu Tui, after the big data analysis, I discovered the trajectory of a small army of the Spiritual Race,” Ah Huang said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1