Chapter 1640 - 1640: Mu Sheng’S Scheme And The Way Home (2)

Chapter 1640 - 1640: Mu Sheng’s Scheme and the Way Home (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

They were experts when it came to intergalactic quantum teleportation channels.

“Elder Mu Sheng, I can confirm that regardless of whether we have found the exact reason, Planet Y is no longer suitable for building an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. I will find another planet that is suitable to build a quantum teleportation channel in the shortest time possible.

“I expected that because the Sun Guardian had been constantly weakening over the years, the conditions and distance of the planet would be further relaxed. As long as the elder can send the other half of the intergalactic quantum array core to the solar system, I can immediately complete the construction.

“Moreover, before we build it this time, I will conduct many experiments to ensure that the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel is foolproof,” the Inner Hall Elder, Yan Chengyan, said.

Mu Sheng nodded. Now, there was only one last question, which was the most difficult question—how to send the other half of the transgalactic quantum array core to the solar system.

Everyone was speechless on this point. Everyone present was considered a higher-up of the Spiritual Race. They knew very well how the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was established back then.

Back then, the Sun Guardian of the solar system was very powerful. There was no possibility of passing. It was the Holy Ancestor who personally took action. He pointed his finger and caused the Sun Guardian to counterattack.

Under the powerful counterattack of the Sun Guardian, the defense in other places were relatively weak.

Taking advantage of that opportunity, the Great Elder, Xu Yi, brought along the top experts of the Spiritual Race and attacked the cosmic tunnel for three months. Finally, when the high-temperature fire screen fluctuated, he brought people and forcefully passed through the high-temperature fire screen.

In the end, the Five Satellites and Nine Satellites were incinerated by the high-temperature fire screen. But under the joint efforts of the seventh main elder, Lei Xuan, and the tenth main elder, Chi Xiang, Chi Xiang led Lei Xuan through more than half of the high-temperature fire screen.

Then, Lei Xuan quickly passed through the remaining distance. It was easy to say now, but it was extremely tragic at that time.

The tenth main elder, Chi Xiang, used the Spiritual Treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor to protect himself. However, the Spiritual Treasure was incinerated on the spot with him and his soul dissipated.

On the other hand, the seventh main elder, Lei Xuan, successfully passed through the high-temperature fire screen with the protection of the spiritual treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor.

The price was that the Spiritual Treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor was incinerated. His physical body was also incinerated on the spot. Only his mental body was spared and entered the solar system.

The moment his mental body entered the solar system, he was ambushed by the Sun Guardian and was severely injured again.

However, Lei Xuan was ultimately the main elder of the Spiritual Race. He was a true powerhouse who had surpassed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. With his supernatural speed and ability, he escaped the pursuit of the Sun Guardian.

At that time, although the Sun Guardian and the Solar System’s High-Temperature Fire Screen were not at their peak, they were much stronger than now.

A year and a half later, Lei Xuan found a suitable location to set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation array, which was now Planet X.

And so, they successfully built an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

However, without a suitable physical body, coupled with the fact that his mental body had been severely injured, not long after the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was successfully set up, Lei Xuan’s mental body dissipated and he died.

This was also the reason why Lei Tian could become the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. It was also the reason why Chi Jing was the first batch to head to the solar system.

It was actually caused by the two main elders.

It took the destruction of five Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, two main elders, and two Spiritual Treasures bestowed by the Holy Ancestor to successfully build an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

The price was huge. There were only nine spiritual treasures in the Spiritual Race previously. From now on, there were only seven left.

What about now? How much did they have to pay to build a new intergalactic quantum teleportation channel?

Mu Sheng had a headache. He was also a little worried. The destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was a situation that happened after he took over the matters here. If he needed the main elder to take action, according to the rules of the Sanctuary, he would definitely be included.

Although the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system had been greatly weakened, it was definitely not something that he could pass through in one go.

What was worse was that he was a wood -type supernatural being. Coincidentally, he was even more restrained by the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen.

After thinking for a long time, Mu Sheng gave another order.

“Huo Xiao, continue to recruit Planetary realm experts who are good at long-range attacks. The more people, the better. From now on, we have to prepare to build a new intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. You have to know that once you start to cross, according to the rules of the Sanctuary, you and I will definitely be among them. If you don’t want to be incinerated, do your best,” Mu Sheng said.

Huo Xiao immediately trembled and accepted the order. He knew very well that Elder Mu Sheng was not scaring him on this point. The rules of the Sanctuary had always been that whoever had a problem in their territory would solve the problem.

At that time, if he really had to transmigrate the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen to transport the intergalactic quantum array core, he would definitely be included.

The main elder, Mu Sheng, still had a chance of survival. As for him, it was very likely that he would become the vanguard of the pathfinders and turn into ashes. After the military meeting ended, the others left. Mu Sheng only left his confidential secretary, Mu Zhengyue.

“Zhengyue, you should understand the crisis we are facing, right?” Mu Sheng suddenly said.

Hearing this, Mu Zhengyue smiled bitterly. “Sir, I understand! We were unlucky. We had just taken over the matters here when the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel collapsed..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1