Chapter 1648 Planetary Doomsday (1)

1648  Planetary Doomsday (1)

"Go, invite the chief of Planet Asteroid 1142, Hai Yishan, over through the Internet."

Xu Tui had instructed Ta Dazhen about this request.

Ta Dazhen, who had been deeply hypnotized, naturally followed the instructions. Of course, the reason Xu Tui did this was to leave a mark on the quantum intelligence system of the Spiritual Race so that it would be easier to hide something.

For example, the hypnosis of a Planetary realm powerhouse like Hai Yishan.

Hai Yishan, who was also deeply hypnotized, arrived at the planet's Defense Base in an extremely short period of time. Along with him were 110,000 grams of Origin Crystals stored in the warehouse of Asteroid 1142, hundreds of pills, and a portion of extremely precious metals in the universe. Including the urgently needed Purple Star Crystals, which this fellow took out another three kilograms.

This was the accumulation of this fellow over the past ten years as the commander of Asteroid 1142. This area could be considered an asteroid belt. The situation in the Star Field was extremely complicated. All kinds of meteorites would often pass by.

Some meteorites that threatened the safety of the planet would be destroyed or captured by two or three Planetary realm powerhouses at the same time. After more than ten years, they had also obtained a lot of Purple Star Crystals.

Hai Yishan had originally planned to use it as a way to curry favor. This Purple Star Crystal would be a huge gift to any elder of the Sanctuary.

This time, Xu Tui benefited. Excluding the usage of a few sets of Seven Star Energy Gathering Arrays, he could refine at least 50 sets of quantum array cores or more than 10 sets of intergalactic quantum array cores.

Xu Tui had already refined a set of intergalactic quantum array cores and two sets of ordinary quantum array cores with Yanzi.

"I have three very important things here. Help me store them. You can put this one in the planet's vault. As for these two, you can put them in your commander's official residence." In order to prevent any accidents, Xu Tui once again used his spiritual resonance, Spiritual Concealment, advanced hypnosis, and other abilities to hypnotize Hai Yishan.

"Don't worry, Lord Envoy. I will definitely take good care of these three treasures," Hai Yishan said respectfully.

Not far away, Yan Lie gritted his teeth when he saw this scene. These three treasures were not easy to enjoy. The power of the two big treasures that Hai Yishan brought back to the official residence of the Planetary Chief was even more shocking.

"Yes, that's all. Go back! By the way, after you go back, gather the people on the list, including some of the officials, to your Planetary Chief's official residence to give a mobilization speech. Then, get the high-ranking officials participating to speak one by one," Xu Tui instructed.

A few minutes later, Hai Yishan respectfully bade farewell to Xu Tui and left the planet's Defense Base. In the distance, Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo kept their mouths shut. What did it mean to kill without spilling blood?

Xu Tui did just that.

Thousands of people would probably die just because of what he said. Furthermore, the people who died were high-ranking officials from Asteroid 1142.

Actually, it was not that Xu Tui was bloodthirsty. Firstly, this was a species war. Secondly, anyone who had seen Xu Tui and the others, even those who had seen Ta Dazhen in the past few days, had to die.

Mystery was very important for future survival.

"Commander, the arrangements for the defense base's armory have been completed," Yang Huai reported.

Basically, the planet's Defense Base had also been emptied by Xu Tui, especially the Spiritual Race's Origin Crystals and various pills, such as the Fourth Revolution, Fifth and Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill and the Water-Wood Pill. They were all life-saving items.

The members of the expeditionary army had more than ten on their hands.

"When the first quantum teleportation is completed, kill them with all your might. Then, try your best to destroy the Defense base. Remember, you only have five minutes at most," Xu Tui instructed.

"Understood."

"Lord Envoy, we have already made the final confirmation with Planet Big Bear 81 on the other side. In five minutes, we will activate the first quantum teleportation channel. After the teleportation is completed, it will take about ten minutes of stability to activate the second quantum teleportation channel that connects to Asteroid 1012 before another lord is teleported over," Ta Dazhen said.

"Xiaoxue, Ullr, Principal Wen, let's go."

In theory, Xu Tui could kill Planetary realm powerhouses below the Eight Satellites alone. He could also kill Eight Satellites and Nine Satellites. However, it was more strenuous. Therefore, he called them along and welcomed this Planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race with a super luxurious lineup.

At the quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 1142, as he invested his Origin Crystal, the light gradually began to blink.

Previously, with the help of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, Xu Tui's mind power had once entered deep into the underground earth vein. He already had a different understanding of the underground earth vein.

Previously, he had already known that the most important part of the quantum array core was to communicate with the earth vein and use the power of the earth vein. However, Xu Tui could clearly see that the two quantum teleportation channels were constantly extracting the energy in the earth vein, especially when it came to teleportation.

Xu Tui was a researcher. He was extremely sensitive to this aspect. He immediately realized that completely exhausting the power of the earth vein might greatly hinder the operation of the quantum teleportation channel. It was very likely to cause the quantum teleportation channel to be unstable, especially during teleportation.

Therefore, when Xu Tui extracted the power of the earth vein of Asteroid 1142 this time, it was not like Planet Y, where it was directly drained. Instead, he took 95% of it and left a little.

After all, Xu Tui and the others had to use it themselves.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1