Chapter 1643 - 1643: The Gift Of The Planetary Commander (1)

Chapter 1643: The Gift of the Planetary Commander (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 17th of November 2141 of the Blue Star Calendar, on asteroid No. 1142 of the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field.

Hai Yishan was the Civil Affairs Officer of Asteroid 1142. His title was the Chief of the Asteroid Department.

Basically, he was in charge of the civil affairs, economy, transportation, and other matters on Asteroid 1142. If not for the fact that the Planetary Defense Base was directly under the Northern Star Field Military District, he would have been similar to the local emperor.

However, power came from the barrel of a gun.

As the local emperor, he had to look at the expressions of the garrison of the Planetary Defense Base. In this day and night, 13 auras of breaking through to the Planetary realm and triggering the planet’s energy rose in the Asteroid Defense Base.

This meant that 13 quasi-planetary experts had broken through to the

Planetary realm. It was not rare for a quasi-planetary to break through to the Planetary realm. It often happened on Asteroid 1142. But it was worth noting that 13 quasi-planetary experts had broken through in a day.

Hai Yishan did not think too much about it. Recently, this star path had not been too peaceful. There had been frequent movements. It might be a secret operation by the military. Although this was a secret operation by the military, he felt that he should express his gratitude and send a congratulatory gift.

Of course, the most important thing was to take this opportunity to inquire about the military’s actions and avoid danger. Therefore, he prepared a congratulatory gift and prepared to send it to the Planetary Defense Base. After all, there were ten more Planetary realms in one go.

Even in the Spiritual Race, this was a sign that his combat strength had increased greatly. Of course, the highlight was the generous gift he had prepared for the Planetary Defense Commander.

Xu Tui had just completed a cultivation session when Hai Yishan personally arrived at the Asteroid Defense Base Number 1142 with a gift. Cultivating for less than half an hour at a time would cause his mind power to drop to 60%.

Then, Xu Tui would spend one to two hours recovering his mind power. He had to ensure that his mind power was maintained to a certain extent when he was in the enemy’s territory.

Of course, even though Xu Tui could only cultivate with all his might for half an hour every two to three hours, he used a plunder-type cultivation technique. His cultivation efficiency was still the fastest.

After nearly 30 hours of cultivation, Xu Tui had successfully broken through to the eighth-stage star halo of the main planet of mind power half a day ago. His mind power increased again.

Xu Tui’s cultivation could break through to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm at any time. However, the most important thing was the change in his mind power and the consumption of his mind power to teleport.

Compared to when he arrived on Planet Y seven days ago, Xu Tui’s main planet had already strengthened from the mid-stage of the seventh-level to the early-stage of the eighth-level.

The improvement was rapid. Compared to seven days ago, Xu Tui’s total mind power had increased by about 45%. In terms of the increase in mind power, it was enough for Xu Tui to use foreign body teleportation twice in a row.

In these seven days, during his two cultivation sessions of plundering the earth veins, Xu Tui had explosively increased the quantum entanglement state’s energy teleportation Nova from the second level to the fifth level.

Correspondingly, the consumption of mind power to use foreign body teleportation was also reduced to a certain extent.

Xu Tui believed that with his current mind power, he could use foreign body teleportation twice in a row, and he would not faint on the spot. He might still have about 10% of his mind power left.

Of course, to be safe, Xu Tui would definitely use all of his power to enhance the quantum entanglement state’s energy teleportation when he used foreign body teleportation.

At that time, according to the terrifying enhancement of the 14 new stars in his body, the energy teleportation nova would instantly be enhanced to the seventh star halo or even the mid to late stages.

In that case, the consumption and power of the foreign body teleportation would increase explosively again.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could definitely use foreign body teleportation twice in a row. This was the safety guarantee for future battles. This was also why Xu Tui took the risk to cultivate on Planet Y to extract the earth vein again.

The prerequisite for a battle was that the people on their side were strong enough. Otherwise, if a few of them died every battle, most of them would die in battle before long. They would not be able to fight anymore.

As for the others, the 18 quasi-planetary experts they had brought had all broken through to the Planetary realm. Their cultivation levels ranged from One to Three Satellites, but their combat strength was at least at the level of Two Satellites.

After all, the foundation of the members of the Worldly Demon Slayers was very powerful.

As for the other Planetary realms, they all had breakthroughs of various sizes.

For example, Ullr had broken through to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm,

Ruan Tianzuo was about to reach the late-stage of the Six Satellites, Wen

Xinglun was already at the Four Satellites, and Wen Shao was already at the peaK or tne Five satellites.

Qu Qingshan’s cultivation progress was the most shocking. Before the expedition, he had gone to Mars to cultivate with the seal of Huo Yao and obtained shocking benefits. He was already at the Four Satellites Planetary realm.

After two consecutive cultivation sessions, he had already broken through to the Five Satellites and became the main force of the Worldly Demon Slayers.

However, what Xu Tui found strange was that Qu Qingshan had not been struck by the heavenly tribulation since he broke through.

Bu Qingqiu and Xu Tui encountered the heavenly tribulation when they broke through because of the School of General Senses, Qu Qingshan did not.

This puzzled Xu Tui. Did Qu Qingshan’s bald head reflect the heavenly tribulation? Or was it because of other reasons?

Xu Tui felt that the problem of the School of Perception Instantiation should be very important. He had to investigate it in the future..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1