Chapter 1642 - 1642: Mu Sheng’S Scheme And The Way Home (4)

Chapter 1642: Mu Sheng’s Scheme and the Way Home (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It looked a little cruel. However, species wars were like this. Speaking of which, this was actually a small episode. However, Xu Tui, who was cultivating and recovering his mind power, realized that Yanzi had left the temporary cultivation hall. Furthermore, her emotions were a little strange.

Xu Tui thought about it and left the cultivation hall. His predatory cultivation lacked mind power, not time. He had to start recovering his mind power every half an hour, so he was not in a hurry.

An Xiaoxue, who was cultivating, also shifted her gaze when she saw Xu Tui and Yanzi leave one after another.

When Xu Tui arrived, Yanzi was sitting on the highest signal tower of the Asteroid Defense Base Number 1142. She was looking at the lights of the distant planet city in the night. There were still tears on her face.

Yanzi naturally noticed Xu Tui’s appearance. Without waiting for Xu Tui to ask, she said hatefully, “I hate war! The universe is so big, and there are billions of planets. Why can’t we get along peacefully?”

“Is it because of what happened just now?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

Yanzi nodded gently.

“Are you unable to accept seeing us slaughter your species?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi did not say anything, but before Xu Tui could speak, she said, “There’s no need to reason with me. I understand. You have your stand. My clansmen had also done such a thing in the solar system. Now that you guys are powerful, it’s their turn to be unlucky. Therefore, I hate war!”

“That’s right. We all hate war! But this war is coming. You and I have no choice but to join it. Actually, I want to eat the buns that my mother steamed. I want to eat the braised pork ribs that my father stewed. I want to eat the spicy and sour fish that my mother made. I want to eat the lamb that my father made. I want to eat the scrambled eggs with tomatoes that my mother made.”

“Are you homesick?” Yanzi asked.

‘Yes!”

“I miss my grandfather too.” At this point, Yanzi suddenly stood up. “Xu Tui,

I’ve decided.”

“Decided what?”

“I can help you modify two sets of intergalactic quantum array cores in a month at most. Then, I want to look for my grandfather. No matter what, I

want to see my grandfather,” Yanzi said.

After a moment of silence, Xu Tui nodded gently. “Sure.”

“Then help me contact my grandfather when you have the chance.”

“Sure.”

Suddenly, the fragrance of food wafted over from behind. The two of them turned around in shock and saw An Xiaoxue carrying two plates of dishes. Not only did Xu Tui’s eyes turn green, but they also turned red. One plate was braised pork ribs, and the other was lamb.

“The last time you left to do something, Dad and Mom did a lot.

Xu Tui instantly felt a lump in his throat. He picked up a piece of braised pork ribs and ate it. It did not taste as good as the freshly made ones, but it was really delicious.

This was the smell of home! This was his mother’s scent.

He really missed home.

He wanted to go home!

Xu Tui felt a lump in his throat as he ate. He allowed two drops of tears to land on the ribs. This was the first time Xu Tui had cried in the years of fighting in the extra-terrestrial. He could imagine that as the regiment commander, he was homesick. What about the others?

Home!

He had to bring a group of expeditionary army members home. He had to return alive!

After wolfing the two bags of vacuum dishes with Yanzi and An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui asked Yanzi and An Xiaoxue to continue cultivating. At the same time, he arrived at the command hall of the Asteroid Defense Base 1142.

“Ah Huang, mark out all the Star Path Spiritual Diagrams of the Spiritual Race that we have already obtained, as well as the cosmic tunnels and related planets. I want to plan my way home,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood, immediately!”

Actually, Xu Tui had already had a preliminary idea of the way home before he decided to expedition to Planet Y.

However, the specific route home could only be designed based on the situation of the Spiritual Race. It was easy to plan the route home. However, if he wanted to bring the soldiers of the expeditionary army to break through the encirclement and blockade of the Spiritual Race and bring them home alive,

It was very difficult!

It would be very, very difficult!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1