Chapter 1657 - 1657: Killing The Nine Satellites In A Row (2)

Chapter 1657 - 1657: Killing the Nine Satellites in a Row (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Huo Baihong did not do that. He was very careful. However, Xu Tui did not give him that time.

Whoosh!

Amidst a shrill whistle, the Mountain Flying Sword instantiated and shot towards Huo Baihong. Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, and An Xiaoxue attacked Huo Baihong at the same time. The others instantly dispersed and faced the Spiritual Race’s Planetary realm powerhouses who were surrounding them from the side.

Huo Baihong at the same time. The others instantly dispersed and faced the Spiritual Race’s Planetary realm powerhouses who were surrounding them from the side.

The siege of Ullr and the others did not cause any problems for Huo Baihong. It could even be said that Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo’s attacks did not affect Huo Baihong, the Nine Satellites. However, An Xiaoxue’s attack made Huo Baihong look a little pathetic.

“Space-type Dimensional Slash attack!” Huo Baihong, who had almost lost a third of his head to An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash, saw that the elite subordinates behind him had arrived. He instantly turned into a bolt of lightning and charged towards An Xiaoxue.

His speed was extremely fast, not inferior to ordinary lightning-type supernatural beings. Huo Baihong realized that An Xiaoxue was too threatening and was prepared to kill her first.

Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo had already gone to fight the Eight Satellites and Seven Satellites behind them according to Xu Tui’s orders. If the two of them did not go, the other Planetary realms might suffer casualties.

For a moment, An Xiaoxue’s situation became extremely dangerous. If she was really hit by Huo Baihong, An Xiaoxue would definitely die.

In the next moment, Xu Tui instantly disappeared and teleported. The moment it disappeared, the lightning and fire that Xu Tui and Huo Baihong had transformed into appeared in front of An Xiaoxue at the same time.

However, one was to attack, and the other was to block.

The lightning light formed by Huo Baihong poured onto Xu Tui’s body. The seven layers of Vajra Barrier and the two layers that were replenished in an instant shattered one after another. He activated the Time Distortion Nova.

Time Deceleration Force Field.

The lightning and fire strangely slowed down.

The Huashan Divine Seal, the Mount Heng Divine Seal, and the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole flew out at the same time. While they flew out and shone with divine light, a wisp of divine light from the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole enveloped the Huashan Divine Seal. It turned into a small mountain and smashed towards Huo Baihong.

In just one strike, Huo Baihong was smashed out of the lightning fire.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal immediately turned into a mountain again and smashed towards Huo Baihong.

Xu Tui activated it with all his might. Coupled with the enhancement of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole’s seal, this Mountain Formula was close to Xu Tui’s strongest attack.

Even though Huo Baihong was an expert from the Nine Satellites, he still let out a dull grunt at this moment. While he shattered Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula, he was also blasted dozens of meters away.

An Xiaoxue had already retreated to safety. As her silver hair danced in the wind, her silver right eye flashed wildly. Her mind power flashed continuously like a furious wave as Dimensional Slash after Dimensional Slash slashed at Huo Baihong.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal and Mountain Flying Sword continuously instantiated and blasted towards Huo Baihong to restrict him.

Although Huo Baihong could break all of their attacks with a raise of his hand, he could not ignore them. Under the tidal wave of attacks from Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, Huo Baihong could only deal with them with all his might. He could not counterattack effectively.

However, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue knew very well that this was only temporary.

Huo Baihong could escape their siege at any time before attacking them. Normally, the attacks of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were not fatal to Huo Baihong. However, as long as Xu Tui and the others were hit by the Huo Baihong, they would die on the spot.

Although Xu Tui had a killing move like foreign body teleportation, he had to use it at the right time. The consumption of foreign body teleportation was huge. If the timing was not right and he missed once, the pressure would be huge.

Xu Tui knew better that this was a rare opportunity. As he shook his hand,

Little Six, Kitawan, Lang Gui, Feng Ran, Carillo, Lally, Bing Xiu, and Lang Zong’s eight Seven Satellites Heavenly Court guards rolled and appeared behind Xu Tui at the same time. Their auras locked onto Huo Baihong at the same time.

However, in Huo Baihong’s eyes, there were 14 Seven Satellites Planetary realms. SDiritual Concealment and false realitv were illusions that Xu Tui had taken the opportunity to set up.

Even Huo Baihong, who was at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, was shocked. He did not care about seven to eight Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts, but if 14 to 15 of them attacked him at the same time, even the Nine Satellites would not be able to take it.

He instantly turned into a flash of lightning and retreated to the side. In an instant, he retreated a full three kilometers. Huo Baihong felt that he had a safe distance before he suddenly stopped.

The moment he stopped, the subtle period of time before the old power disappeared and the new power was born, this time period might be very short. It might not even be 0.1 second. However, it was enough for Xu Tui.

His mind power, which had already locked onto Huo Baihong, suddenly moved. The black eye of his left eye became deep and dark.

Foreign body teleportation!

An indescribable fear suddenly surfaced in Huo Baihong’s heart. His heart was inexplicably empty. Half of Huo Baihong’s body had disappeared. It was as if a line had been drawn from his head to his lower body. Half of his body disappeared.

As Xu Tui used foreign body teleportation more and more, he became more and more proficient in using it. This time, Xu Tui only teleported half of his body. His mind power only enveloped half of Huo Baihong’s body. Then, he used foreign body teleportation and the other half of Huo Baihong’s body disappeared.

Sometimes, Xu Tui had also been worried.. What if he successfully teleported the other party?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1