Chapter 1658 - 1658: Killing The Nine Satellites In A Row (3)

Chapter 1658 - 1658: Killing the Nine Satellites in a Row (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

That would be troublesome.

However, Xu Tui had resolved this problem himself. The world of the black eye was like a black and white lattice space. He realized through his teleportation that his teleportation had actually passed through the white spatial slot in the black space and appeared in the black spatial slot.

This was a complete teleportation. However, if he moved the target from the black space to the white space, there would only be one outcome—disappear!

This time, Xu Tui directly teleported a portion of his target.

Yet, it was not as he had expected, where his consumption of mind power would be greatly reduced. On the contrary, the consumption of mind power of the partial foreign body teleportation was not much different from that of the complete foreign body teleportation.

40% mind power.

This time, the foreign body teleportation consumed      of his mind power.

Including the previous consumption of mind power, Xu Tui only had less than 50% of his mind power left. This was not the time to conserve mind power.

Almost the moment his body shattered, Huo Baihong’s mental body turned into a bolt of lightning and roared angrily. “Who is it? Who is plotting against me!”

Huo Baihong still did not believe that what had destroyed his body just now was Xu Tui’s ability. The God Slaying Sword appeared without any warning and slashed at Huo Baihong’s mental body. The aura of the God Slaying Sword shocked Huo Baihong’s mental body. As the flames burned, he wanted to escape.

But his mental body felt as if it had fallen into a swamp.

It was the realistic characteristics of Xu Tui’s mind Dower force field.

In the next moment, the God Slaying Sword slashed into Huo Baihong’s mental body without any resistance. What surprised Xu Tui was that three consecutive talisman lights rose from Huo Baihong’s mental body. They were his life-saving treasure.

Under the protection of these three talisman lights, Huo Baihong’s mental body did not dissipate on the spot when the God Slaying Sword slashed in. There was still a third of it.

However, that was no longer important. Two-thirds of his mental body had dissipated. He was not far from complete death. In the next moment, the mental hammer smashed down.

Huo Baihong, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, died on the spot. In the void, where Huo Baihong had died in battle, it was as if a star had crashed. Huo Baihong’s subordinates, who were fighting bitterly with the Worldly Expeditionary Force, were stunned on the spot. “Little Six, Xiaoxue, you guys participate in the battle! Yan Lie, you have to keep an eye on the entire scene. You can’t let anyone escape.”

Xu Tui did not participate in the battle after giving two consecutive orders. He held a Soul Crystal in each hand and quickly absorbed it. He had used the main planet’s force field of his mind power to restrict the mental body of Huo Baihong, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He had consumed nearly 10% of his mind power.

Xu Tui’s mind power had dropped to 40%. It had reached a dangerous level. Therefore, he chose to recover his mind power with all his might and watch the battlefield. However, he spread out his mental perception and was prepared to teleport at any time to intercept the escapees. He was also prepared to save them.

Although it was a little difficult for the others to fight today, Xu Tui was more willing to treat it as actual combat training. This was because Xu Tui knew that today’s battle was the easiest for them in the next few days.

In the end, the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force did not disappoint Xu Tui. Although the other party was very strong, with the addition of Little Six and An Xiaoxue and their advantage in strength, they wiped out the enemy five minutes later.

However, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, and the others, who had charged rather fiercely, were injured. For a moment, Zhao Hailongs life was on the line. If Yan Lie had not saved him quickly, Zhao Hailong would have been honored.

“Let’s go to the cosmic tunnel node defense fortress!”

When the commander of Planet 10121s Defense Base, Kun Li, who was urgently rescuing the second quantum teleportation channel, saw the glaring Starfall-like light in the sky, he was stunned.

Although it was only for an instant, Kun Li understood that such a phenomenon would only happen if the Nine Satellites Planetary realm died. Ordinary Planetary realm experts would have similar phenomena when they died, but they would be much weaker. Unless it was in a specific environment, they would not be able to see it.

Nine Satellites Planetary realm did not exist on asteroid 1012.

However, Kun Li knew that according to the report from the Northern Star Field Military District, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm was about to arrive at Asteroid 1012.

Which lord had died?

“Report the situation at the cosmic tunnel Defense Base to me immediately.” Kun Li shouted at the quantum intelligence communication device.

“Understood. Contacting. The data flow is blocked. It will take some time.”

This time, even Kun Li, the commander, could roughly guess that there might be a problem with the quantum artificial intelligence. Otherwise, he would not have fumbled the ball at the critical moment.

After struggling for less than 30 seconds, Kun Li decided, “Let’s go. We’ll continue to the second quantum teleportation base.” The death of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert was no longer something he could deal with. He had to quickly report this information and hand it over to the higher-ups.

As for themselves, other than using the Defense Base to defend to the death, they also had to report the situation of the battle and warn them.

The other party had an expert who could kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. What could they do there?

Just as Kun Li continued to head to the second quantum teleportation tunnel base, Xu Tui and the others had already arrived at the cosmic tunnel defense base. They did not waste any time. The 20-odd Planetary realm experts, Little Six, An Xiaoxue, and the others bombarded the base for 30 seconds from afar. They blasted open the safety door of the base and charged in..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1