Chapter 1651 Planetary Doomsday (4)

1651  Planetary Doomsday (4)

For example, using the enhancement of divine might to enhance the other seals.

Xu Tui's main planet of mind power force field instantly activated, covering An Xiaoxue.

In the next moment, the starlight of the 14 new stars in his body combined and merged into An Xiaoxue's body.

An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Slash main planet, mind power new star, and other new stars were all enhanced by Xu Tui's starlight. Their strength increased greatly. This was another discovery that Xu Tui had made about the main planet force field of mind power.

When the mind power force field was released, it could absorb others into its mind power force field and increase each other's strength. Unfortunately, the conditions for mutual enhancement were extremely harsh.

Xu Tui had tried a few times. Among the members of the expeditionary army, only An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie could be absorbed into Xu Tui's mind power force field without any resistance and enhance each other.

No one else, including Cui Xi and Qu Qingshan, could. He probably needed absolute trust.

"I feel that it will definitely do." An Xiaoxue's voice rang out.

"All of you, come in. There are still 40 seconds on the countdown."

Under Xu Tui's orders, all the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force stepped into the quantum teleportation tunnel in an extremely short period of time. Little Six and the others, who were on guard in the distance, also turned into a stream of light and were put into his quantum dimensional chain.

"Teleport!" The moment he shouted that, Xu Tui's mind power moved slightly. Ta Dazhen, who was standing in front of the second quantum teleportation channel, bled from all of his orifices. His mental body was torn apart and he lost his life on the spot.

On his chest, three sets of high-energy cluster bombs entered a ten-second countdown. Five seconds later, Xu Tui and the others disappeared. Another call rang out from Ta Dazhen's emergency communication device. "Please get ready. Quantum teleportation will begin…"

Boom!

The three sets of high-energy cluster bombs exploded at the same time, directly blowing Ta Dazhen into pieces. The high temperature of the energy explosion then turned most of the fragmented corpse into ashes, leaving only some bones.

From these bones, even the Spiritual Race's Great Elder could not find any traces. He could not determine the cause of Ta Dazhen's death, let alone discover that Ta Dazhen had been hypnotized.

Two seconds later, two loud bangs sounded at the same time in the official residence and treasury of Asteroid 1142. Dust and flames soared into the sky, illuminating half of Asteroid 1142.

A blank area with a radius of seven kilometers erupted from the capital of Asteroid 1142 with the official residence of the Planetary Chief as the center. In other words, all living beings within seven kilometers of the Planetary Chief's official residence were dead.

There was no need to mention the officials who had been gathered in advance.

After all, most of the officials on the planet had ordinary cultivation levels. There were very few Planetary realm experts. They were all reduced to ashes by the power of the three-phase thermal bomb. There was no possibility of resisting.

The treasury of Asteroid 1142 was also destroyed. However, the treasury only collapsed and was not flattened. After all, it was very strong.

Just as all the Spiritual Race's civilians were inexplicably terrified, two consecutive explosions rang out in the Asteroid Defense Base 1142. Smoke, dust, and flames soared into the sky, once again illuminating the entire sky.

The entire asteroid had triggered a series of earthquakes because of the four huge explosions. For a moment, it was as if the end of the world had arrived. Screams and cries filled the air. Countless citizens frantically made emergency calls to the planet.

However, the civilian quantum intelligence in the Planetary Chief's official residence had also been destroyed in the previous explosion. No one answered.

Fear enveloped Asteroid 1142.

Asteroid 1142 seemed to have become a land of death.

On Asteroid 1012, the expression of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Cao Wo, who was waiting for the teleportation, suddenly changed. He pointed at the quantum teleportation channel in front of him and shouted.

"That's not right. Someone is using the quantum teleportation channel. Someone is coming over immediately."

The commander of the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 1012, who was waiting here, was also shocked and furious.

"How could this be! That idiot Ta Dazhen didn't pick up the communication again! They sent an emergency teleportation over. Could there be a problem with Asteroid 1142?"

That was the only explanation. Otherwise, why would someone suddenly come over from the quantum teleportation channel when everything was ready? What would go wrong with Asteroid 1142? Could it be that the Blue Star rats had arrived?

In an instant, Cao Wo and the planetary commander trembled at the same time.

"Wait a few seconds. We'll know when they come over and ask."

However, five seconds later, Cao Wo and the commander of Asteroid 1012 were stunned when they saw the 30-odd people who suddenly appeared in the quantum teleportation channel.

When could a quantum teleportation channel teleport so many people at once? Before they could react, Xu Tui, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, An Xiaoxue, Jagren, and the others had already charged toward them like ferocious tigers.

Yan Lie's figure appeared when the head of a Three Satellites flew up.

In the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 1012, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm had just arrived with a team.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1