Chapter 1653 Accidentally Encountering The Enemy (2)

1653  Accidentally Encountering the Enemy (2)

In the future, the more data there was to invade the Spiritual Race's quantum intelligence system, the more perfect this characteristic database would be. One day in the future, as long as there was a digital signal, they would be able to invade and control the Spiritual Race's quantum intelligence system in an extremely short period of time.

"Ah Huang, give me a map. The route to the defense base of the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 1012. As well as searching for more suitable strategic locations. Also, think of a way to stop the planet's Defense Base from reporting the battle situation and asking for help from the higher-ups," Xu Tui ordered.

"Understood."

Asteroid 1012 was a planet with a cosmic tunnel node. This was also the reason why Xu Tui chose Asteroid 1012. They could only quickly enter through the cosmic tunnel. Of course, this path was also extremely dangerous.

"Full speed ahead. We will arrive at the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 1012 in ten minutes.

"The invasion alarm has been sounded. According to the information searched by quantum artificial intelligence, the Asteroid 1012 Defense Base is gathering its forces. They are expected to arrive in seven minutes.

"The commander of the Planetary Defense Base Number 1012 has already reported this to the Northern Star Field Military District. Currently, we have only invaded the defensive base that controlled the quantum teleportation channel and partially invaded the quantum intelligence of the planetary defense base. I could not stop or revoke the report. I've already launched a data flow attack from the internal database. I estimate that I can delay the report of this alert by five to ten minutes."

Ah Huang's reaction was extremely fast and intelligent.

"We've already found four locations in the vicinity that can be used for tactical detours through the military map. The concealment has been marked."

"Yin Ba, Wen Xinglun, Yanzi!"

"Here!"

Xu Tui took out two dwarf third-generation engineering robots and handed them to Yin Ba.

"Go to Location 2 and complete the tactical roundabout mission under Principal Wen's instructions in the shortest time possible," Xu Tui instructed Yin Ba.

"Understood, Commander."

"Principal Wen, according to the map, it will take about five minutes for you to reach this location. It will take seven minutes to reach the cosmic tunnel node's Defense Fortress from here.

"I hope that you can rush back to the cosmic tunnel node defense fortress in 25 minutes. Regardless of whether you can complete the tactical detour or not, you have to rush to the cosmic tunnel defense node in 30 minutes.

"We can only wait for 30 minutes at the defense node of the cosmic tunnel at most. Thirty minutes later, we have to enter the cosmic tunnel. Otherwise, there is a risk that all of us will be wiped out," Xu Tui said.

Wen Xinglun nodded solemnly. "Understood!"

Immediately, Yin Ba instantly transformed into a flying state. Wen Xinglun and Yanzi flew up and instantly left.

"Let's go. The target is the Defense Fortress at the node of cosmic tunnel 1012. Don't be stingy with the pills. Take one. Ten minutes is enough for you to recover. Ah Huang, send fake information to Planet 1012's Defense Base through the quantum intelligence of the quantum teleportation channel.

"Tell them that the invading space pirates have already attacked the third quantum teleportation channel on this planet. Try your best to create interference and help us buy time," Xu Tui ordered.

"Understood."

Asteroid 1012 was an important transportation container for the Spiritual Race in this star path. Other than the node of the cosmic tunnel, there were also three quantum teleportation channels.

In other words, if the timing was more coincidental, at least two Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses or even the Nine Satellites would be able to rush over to provide support.

From the current information, there were more than 300 elders in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary. The elders of the outer hall had been through many battles and were already experts with the strength of the Nine Satellites.

10:38

The starry sky controlled by the Spiritual Race was extremely vast. It was divided into five major Star Fields, namely the Eastern, Western, Southern, and Northern Star Fields and the Central Star Field.

Under the various Star Fields, they were divided into more than ten star paths. Basically, a Star Field had jurisdiction over about 15 star paths, and each star path controlled about 20 planets. Note that this planet referred to a planet where the Spiritual Race lived or a resource planet that had been mined for a long time.

There were dozens of times more uninhabited planets with extremely harsh survival conditions. Currently, Asteroids 1142 and 1012 that Xu Tui and the others were attacking belonged to the 14th Star Path of the Northern Star Field.

Ta Shichen, who had previously headed to Planet Y, was the garrison commander of the 14th Star Path. This detailed information was also obtained by Ah Huang after it completely invaded the quantum intelligence system of Asteroid 1142.

As for Planet Y, it was a special-purpose military planet that directly reported to the Northern Planetary Military District.

As Xu Tui's Worldly Expeditionary Force attacked again and again, the mysterious veil of the Spiritual Race had been violently lifted by Xu Tui. It had to be said that from the current information, the strength of the Spiritual Race was simply terrifying.

From the current information, there were more than 300 elders in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary. The elders of the outer hall had been through many battles and were already experts with the strength of the Nine Satellites.

As for the ordinary Planetary realm, there might be more than 10,000. Not to mention the 15 main elders of the Sanctuary, every one of them was an existence that surpassed the peak of the Nine Satellites.

Just looking at the data was extremely terrifying. It made one despair! When they went deeper, they realized that the Spiritual Race was indeed a terrifying giant. However, he was an extremely bloated terrifying giant.

Perhaps he could dance on the tip of a knife!

Just as Xu Tui was leading his men to charge into the defense fortress at the node of the cosmic tunnel, the commander of Asteroid 1012's Defense Base, Kun Li, was looking at the quantum intelligence in front of him with an overwrought expression. The fury in his heart made him have the urge to smash quantum intelligence with a slap.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1