Chapter 1650 Planetary Doomsday (3)

1650  Planetary Doomsday (3)

"Understood."

In the next moment, Ullr and Wen Xinglun flashed towards the planet's Defense Base at the same time.

"Yanzi, Lang Biao, come over here," Xu Tui ordered.

Almost as soon as Yanzi and Lang Biao received their orders, the soldiers of the expeditionary army on Asteroid 1142 began to launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race experts beside them.

Previously, with the intervention of Ta Dazhen, all the garrison troops thought that Xu Tui and the others were from the Spiritual Race. However, no one expected them to suddenly attack. There were not many Planetary realm experts in the base. There were only eight of them.

On the other hand, the 32 members of the expeditionary army were all in the Planetary realm.

This was a massacre without any suspense. It was impossible for anyone to escape. Little Six and the other eight guards of the Heavenly Court stared coldly in all directions above the base. If anyone escaped, they would immediately kill them.

This was a massacre and a training exercise. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had called Yanzi and the others out.

Yanzi's value did not lie in her strength, but in her ability to research and refine quantum array cores. Yanzi naturally knew what had happened. Her expression was complicated and bitter, but she bit her lip and did not say anything.

Because she knew very well that this was war.

This was a species war.

In the past, this scene had happened in the solar system. The Spiritual Race had slaughtered Xu Tui's clansmen. Now, this scene began to play out in the Milky Way. The Blue Star humans began to massacre the Spiritual Race.

Looking at the base not far away, where the Spiritual Race's soldiers were slaughtered like pigs and sheep by the Worldly Expeditionary Force, Yanzi suddenly had a feeling that the universe had actually changed.

It was normal for the universe to change, but what was terrifying was that the Spiritual Race did not notice it at all.

The Spiritual Race was still immersed in their past strength. Three minutes later, Ta Dazhen, who was struggling with his consciousness because he had witnessed the killing of Feng Zinan, was successfully hypnotized by Xu Tui again.

Two minutes later, Yan Lie's voice sounded.

"Commander, the enemies in the defense base of Asteroid 1142 have all been eliminated. None of them have escaped. Please give us your instructions on the next step."

"The command center where the quantum intelligence of the planet base is located has placed three-phase thermal bombs. Countdown: 50 seconds. Then, gather at the second quantum teleportation channel," Xu Tui ordered.

"Understood!"

"Ah Huang, try your best to erase any traces of you in the quantum intelligence of Asteroid 1142. Your reproduction program has been spread, right?" Xu Tui asked.

"Don't worry. The cleaning has been completed. The reproduction program is quickly reproducing in their quantum intelligence network in a legal and compliant state. I estimate that in a few days, as long as the Spiritual Race has the Internet, my reproduction program will be there. We can collect their big data at any time and attack the quantum intelligence used for their command," Ah Huang said.

"Alright. All the people in the official residence of Asteroid 1142 have gathered, right?"

"Hai Yishan has already gathered them according to your instructions. And I've already turned off the energy fluctuation alarm in the Defense Base."

"Alright, countdown of four minutes and forty seconds for the three-phase thermal bomb in the official residence and treasury."

"Understood."

Four minutes later, Hai Yishan contacted Asteroid 1012, which had established a connection with the second quantum teleportation channel.

One minute and 30 seconds later, the quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 1142 was completely accumulated. It could be used for teleportation.

Asteroid 1012 was also confirmed. Teleportation would begin in one minute and 30 seconds.

"Xiaoxue, Jagren, it's your turn."

As Xu Tui gave his order, An Xiaoxue and Jagren stepped into the second quantum teleportation channel at the same time. The moment they entered, they scattered 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

They were worried that there would be too many people in the teleportation. Under the circumstances that there was not enough energy underground, they would replenish and stabilize here first.

In less than five seconds, An Xiaoxue and Jagren nodded at Xu Tui at the same time.

"The spatial stabilization has been completed."

"We have already completed the enhancement of the quantum frequency of this quantum teleportation channel. Perhaps it is because of the increase in our cultivation and the completion and strengthening of my seal. I feel that we should be able to complete the teleportation in one go. After all, most of them have only broken through to the Planetary realm," An Xiaoxue said.

"Are you sure?" Xu Tui asked. After all, this was a one-time teleportation for 32 Planetary realm experts. Although many of them had just broken through, Ullr and the others had also broken through.

An Xiaoxue hesitated for a moment after Xu Tui asked her. An Xiaoxue had specially learned a lot of knowledge about the quantum array core from Yanzi in order to complete this teleportation.

However, no matter what, this was her first time. Xu Tui was also afraid that something would happen when he saw An Xiaoxue hesitate. "It's fine. Get ready. I'll help you."

To be honest, Xu Tui would not have dared to do that if he was not fully prepared.

In the next moment, when An Xiaoxue activated the Rabbit Taichong Seal to increase the quantum frequency of the quantum teleportation channel, Xu Tui's Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole suddenly flew out. Under his activatement, the Longevity Emperor Seal shot out a wisp of divine light and entered the Rabbit Taichong Seal.

In an instant, the Rabbit Taichong's aura increased by more than 50%.

This was one of the benefits of Xu Tui increasing the refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to 60%.

After increasing the refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor's Seal to 60%, Xu Tui's control over it became stronger. He could already slightly activate the Longevity Emperor's Seal to do some simple things.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1