Chapter 1655 - 1655: Accidentally Encountering The Enemy (4)

Chapter 1655 - 1655: Accidentally Encountering the Enemy (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, at the same time, Wen Xinglun’s mission was very important. Whether or not he could successfully bring the Worldly Expeditionary Force home would depend on the series of roundabout tactics that followed.

As he flew at high speed, Xu Tui set up a strategy to attack the Defense Base of Planet 1012’s cosmic tunnel. Ah Huang had already sent over the basic structural diagram of the base. The problem now was that he did not know if the safety door of the base had been lowered. If the safety door was lowered, it would probably take more effort.

“I’ll lead the way alone later and control the safety door. Ullr, Yan Lie, follow closely behind to support me. The rest of you will be in the third tier. Fight in small teams.”

Currently, they are still three minutes away from the cosmic tunnel node defense fortress on this planet.

At the same time, the commander of the defense base of the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 1012 was waiting respectfully at the cosmic tunnel in the fortress with a slightly nervous expression.

After all, it was an elder from the Sanctuary. He was a genuine Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He, a small base defense commander, was too insignificant. While he was deep in thought, he saw a muscular man with red eyebrows. He had just brought nine people in through the node of the cosmic tunnel.

The commander of the cosmic tunnel node’s Defense Fortress welcomed them along the open fortress tunnel.

“You must be Elder Huo Baihong. I’ve received orders from the military to await your arrival.”

“That’s right!” The leader of the Sanctuary Outer Hall, Huo Baihong, responded. The base commander opposite him leaned forward slightly again. “I’ve arranged a welcome banquet and a group of beauties for you. Please come, Lord Elder.”

Hearing this, Huo Baihong laughed out loud. As expected, they, the elders of the Sanctuary, would immediately reach heaven if they went out on small planets like these.

The treatment was completely different.

In the Central Star Field, anyone who was an official had a certain background. Furthermore, there were many people from the Sanctuary. Perhaps one of them was the manager of an external industry, or the younger brother or brother-in-law of a concubine.

In the Central Star Field, even if he was an elder of the Sanctuary, he had to tuck his tail between his legs.

However, this Star Field was different. Just the welcome of the guy in front of him made him very comfortable.

“Hahahaha, alright. Let’s go. We have to wait for the others to gather. Let me experience the style of the Northern Star Field.” Huo Baihong laughed happily. The Planetary realm elites behind him also laughed happily.

If Boss ate meat, they would have no problems drinking soup.

“By the way, we haven’t found any traces of the enemy on Asteroid 1012, right?” Huo Baihong had come with a mission this time.

Mu Sheng, the main elder in charge of surrounding and killing the Blue Star invaders, had also pointed out three special operations teams. They were the main force that was chasinz and killinz the Blue Star rats.

In exchange for benefits, Huo Baihong came over to lead a team. A day later, another Nine Satellites arrived.

Of course, Huo Baihong was a subordinate of Elder Huo Nan, the third main elder.

“No, no. How would the Blue Star rats dare to come…’

While they were talking, the base commander, Huo Baihong, and the nine subordinates behind him were stunned at the same time. Behind them, an extremely powerful aura suddenly appeared at the safety door of the base. He appeared out of thin air.

The aura of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was very obvious.

The base commander was stunned. He suddenly frowned and scolded, “Which unit are you from? You’re so reckless. Don’t you know that those who recklessly enter the cosmic tunnel’s defense base will be killed?”

He had asked this question because Xu Tui was wearing the standard armor of the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui, who had just rushed into the safety door, was also stunned. He did not expect such a situation. There were many more guards in the Defense Base than he had imagined.

In the previous intelligence, there was a Seven Satellites, a Five Satellites, five Planetary realm experts below the Five Satellites, 20 quasi-planetary experts, and 200 normal garrisons stationed in the defense fortress of this cosmic passageway.

With such a lineup, Xu Tui and Ullr would be able to break in easily as long as they stopped the safety door from falling.

However, Xu Tui did not expect that there would be ten more Planetary realm experts than in the intelligence. The strength of these 10 Planetary realm experts was even stronger than expected.

Other than the leader, Huo Baihong, who was a terrifying Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, there were nine other people. There was one in the Eight Satellites, two in the Seven Satellites, three in the Six Satellites, and four in the Five Satellites.

This lineup was simply too powerful.

Xu Tui had plunged into the arms of the enemy. However, Xu Tui reacted quickly. During this period of time, he had been studying the accent of the Spiritual Race. He immediately replied, “Sir, I am under the orders of Commander Kun Li to come and warn you. A space pirate has barged into the first quantum teleportation channel. The commander asked you to be on high alert. ”

After saying that, Xu Tui bowed slightly. “I’ve already conveyed the message. I still have other missions, so I’ll leave first.”

“Wait!” Huo Baihong frowned. He felt that something was wrong. He was about to ask something else when the energy fluctuations behind Xu Tui suddenly moved slightly. Yan Lie appeared first. Then, a bolt of lightning exploded. Ullr had also arrived.

“What a coincidence…” Xu Tui sighed to himself. He suddenly slammed the Mountain Seal down. At the same time, he sent a mental message to Ullr and

Yan Lie, “Retreat first!”

On the other side, Huo Baihong’s eyes lit up. He suddenly thought of something. He waved his hand and barged through Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal. He was the first to rush out. “Hahaha, kill them all.. We’re going to make a great contribution!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1