Chapter 1659 - 1659: Killing The Nine Satellites In A Row (4)

Chapter 1659 - 1659: Killing the Nine Satellites in a Row (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What surprised Xu Tui and the others was that the garrison at the base might not have realized that Xu Tui and the others could break through the safety door, but none of them escaped to the cosmic tunnel.

They were quickly wiped out by Xu Tui and the others. Of course, this was because these garrisons were already at the Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm. Those who were in good condition were on guard and patrolling, but the injured Supernatural Branch were all recovering their strength.

Xu Tui was also in the base. He quickly absorbed the power of the Soul Crystal to recover his mind power.

However, Xu Tui’s mind did not stop.

“Ah Huang, how much safe time do we have?”

“The safety time limit is estimated to be twenty-five to thirty minutes. We’ve used fourteen minutes since we started.”

“Contact Wen Xinglun and ask him about his progress. Tell him the time.”

‘Yes!”

In the distance, on the sidewall of a mountain, in the depths of a newly dug cave, Wen Xinglun stared at Yanzi and looked at the time from time to time.

“Principal Wen, other than the time you need to travel, you still have four to nine minutes. After nine minutes, regardless of whether you complete the mission or not, you must evacuate. This is Xu Tui’s order.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded from the communication device.

“Understood!”

Although he said that he understood, Wen Xinglun did not dare to speak, afraid that he would disturb Yanzi, who was setting up the quantum array core.

Kun Li did not find any enemies in the second quantum teleportation channel base. However, quantum artificial intelligence had reported that there were enemies here. He was already very certain that there might be a problem with quantum intelligence. Therefore, he did not use the artificial intelligence to contact the Northern Star Field Military District.

Instead, he established instant communication with the other planet through the second quantum teleportation Tunnel in this base. Then, he reported the situation on Planet 1012 through the other planet.

It was slightly winding. Moreover, what was a little awkward was that up until now, Kun Li, the commander, did not know how many enemies there were, who the enemy was, where the enemy came from, and so on.

He only knew that he had been attacked! However, what was important was that a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse had died on Asteroid 1012.

The efficiency of these twists and turns was slower than he had imagined. The other planet first contacted the commander of the Northern Star Field Military District. This kind of news was confirmed again before being reported layer by layer.

Who would dare to report the death of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator?

Therefore, they were all very cautious.

As a result, this information was only placed in front of the commander of the Northern Star Field Military Region, Huo Xiao, 20 minutes later. Another minute later, he appeared in front of Elder Mu Sheng.

This was something that Xu Tui and the others did not know.

On Xu Tui’s side, Yanzi, Wen Xinglun, and Yin Ba finally completed Xu Tui’s mission before the final safety time limit, which was ten minutes before Mu Sheng and Huo Xiao received the information. Then, they disguised themselves and successfully returned to the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Fortress.

“Let’s go!” This time, Xu Tui led the team to the node of the cosmic tunnel, and stepped into the quantum teleportation tunnel. They headed in a fixed direction. However, he was more unlucky. Or rather, the cosmic tunnels in this location were very dense.

Xu Tui and the others had been in the cosmic tunnel for less than three minutes when a team quickly rushed over. It was a team of 12 people.

The leader was another Nine Satellites Planetary powerhouse.

As the Worldly Expeditionary Force was wearing the armor of the Spiritual Race and was passing through the cosmic passageway, this Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert did not have much vigilance.

After all, there was no precedent for the enemy to pass through the cosmic tunnel under their control.

“Who are you? Which planet did you come from?” The Nine Satellites Planetary realm asked when he saw that they were unfamiliar. However, just as he finished speaking, he suddenly felt a sense of danger. In the next moment, half of his body disappeared without any warning.

Xu Tui had launched a sudden attack.

He had killed another Nine Satellites again!

However, Xu Tui’s aura also became enfeeble..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1