Chapter 1656 - 1656 Killing The Nine Satellites In A Row (1)

Chapter 1656 - 1656 Killing the Nine Satellites in a Row (1)

For example, Chi Jing and Lang Heng of the Solar System Expeditionary Force had already described the characteristics of the people who had invaded Planet Y through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel to the Spiritual Race headquarters in detail.

Although Lang Heng did not know which people from the Blue Star were teleported to Planet Y from Planet X, what he needed to do was provide characteristics.

The characteristics of everyone who might head to Planet Y.

Among them, Xu Tui, Ullr, Yan Lie, An Xiaoxue, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others had obvious characteristics. They were good at earth-element instantiation, Mountain Seal, lightning-element supernatural being, concealment, Dimensional Slash, fire-element supernatural being, and so on.

Of course, there were many Spiritual Race’s members who were good at these supernatural abilities. Huo Baihong himself was a fire-type supernatural being.

However, when a few characteristic abilities appeared at the same time, it was enough to make Huo Baihong think of something.

The highest cultivation level of the Mountain Seal, the lightning-type supernatural being, and Concealment was between the Four Satellites and the Seven Satellites. This immediately made Huo Baihong think of the three people in front of him. It was very likely that they were the invading Blue Star troops.

A few of the main elders were doing their best to search for the Blue Star rats. Now, they had actually bumped into his arms. This was a huge contribution. Huo Baihong felt that he was extremely lucky. He had just arrived at Asteroid 1012 and was about to gather a team to fight when he encountered this Blue Star team.

If he did not take what the heavens gave him, he would be harmed. Therefore, the moment he made his judgment, Huo Baihong chased after him.

As for the danger?

Huo Nan, who had sent him out, had deliberately reminded him that there might be a special power in this Blue Star rat team that could deal with or even kill Nine Satellites. He had to be careful.

Huo Baihong also remembered it. However, he could roughly sense Xu Tui’s strength from the Mountain Seal that Xu Tui had used to stop the enemy.

The Mountain Seal was a little strong. It was indeed stronger than the Mountain Seal of an ordinary Seven Satellites Planetary realm. It had even reached the attack strength of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

But that was all.

For a Planetary realm powerhouse who had been through hundreds of battles, he trusted his experience and judgment more, so he chased after him without hesitation.

Xu Tui, Ullr, and Yan Lie were not only the kind who had been through hundreds of battles, but they also had extremely fast reactions. When Xu Tui informed them to retreat, Ullr and Yan Lie immediately disappeared again. They disappeared on the spot the moment Xu Tui bought them.

At the same time, Xu Tui disappeared.

avatar

NEXT

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1