Chapter 1652 Accidentally Encountering The Enemy (1)

1652  Accidentally Encountering the Enemy (1)

The Seven Satellites Planetary realm did not have any pressure on Xu Tui and the others. The moment he appeared, Xu Tui's Mountain Seal blasted down just as Cao Wo of the Spiritual Race was shocked.

The reaction speed of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm was extremely shocking. Moreover, Cao Wo was a wood-type supernatural being, and it was the kind that was good at defense.

Almost the moment the Mountain Seal blasted down, countless green lights drilled out from all directions around him. Just as the Mountain Seal hit his head, it formed a huge and dense green light grass Shield.

The Mountain Seal blasted down. The moment the green light grass shield was compressed to the extreme, it suddenly bounced back.

Xu Tui's Mountain Seal was sent flying and shattered.

This method surprised Xu Tui a little. The methods of a wood-type supernatural being were really different. They could withstand it. His mind power only touched the wood-type supernatural being, Mu Xingluan, behind him when Mu Xingluan's mind power had already landed on him.

This girl was quite smart.

The first Mountain Seal was sent flying. The second Mountain Seal landed again and blasted out continuously. A cold expression appeared on Cao Wo's face. This method was not good. Suddenly, he sensed an abnormal fluctuation in front of him. It seemed to be spatial fluctuations.

He was shocked and wanted to dodge. However, the moment he was about to dodge, he suddenly fell into a swamp and felt as if he could not move.

It was the reality characteristic of Xu Tui's mind power's main star force field.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Slash suddenly disappeared.

Cao Wo's mental body instantly escaped. But what awaited him was the mental hammer that Xu Tui had prepared. When the hammer smashed down, the mental body seemed to have been struck by lightning and froze on the spot.

With two strikes of the hammer, the mental body of Cao Wo, a Seven Satellites Planetary realm, dissipated on the spot.

One second.

In less than a second, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had dealt with a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. At the side, Ullr, who had just attacked another Six Satellites Planetary realm with Wen Xinglun, could not help but tremble.

Damn it, the more he fought beside Xu Tui, the more terrifying he felt.

There were endless abilities. Most importantly, they were very sinister and sometimes shameless. For example, Xu Tui could definitely kill the Seven Satellites Planetary realm, Cao Wo, alone when he fought him just now.

It would just take some time.

Xu Tui had used the Mountain Seal to attract this guy's attention, but he had used another ability to restrict his movements. Then, An Xiaoxue attacked and killed him.

Killing a Seven Satellites Planetary realm in a second… This battle record made Ullr feel that he was next. A question appeared in Ullr's mind. How long would it take for Xu Tui to cooperate with An Xiaoxue to attack him?

One second? Or five seconds?

Ullr did not have an answer.

There were a total of six Planetary realm experts at the entrance of the quantum teleportation tunnel, including Cao Wo.

Xu Tui had practiced a similar tactic before he came. The Extreme Branch advanced, while the Supernatural Branch attacked from afar. With this cooperation and experts like Xu Tui and Ullr, six Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race were killed in two seconds.

It was extremely fast.

However, no matter how fast it was, it was not as fast as the quantum intelligence system that was equipped here. An ear-piercing alarm had already sounded.

"Let's go, we'll kill our way out of the quantum teleportation base."

Xu Tui had already disappeared before he could finish his sentence. The various planets of the Spiritual Race had a small military base built at the quantum teleportation channel.

However, because this was not the frontline, the defenses were very weak. The construction of this small military base was more for the convenience of management. Its defense ability was not that powerful.

A second later, Xu Tui appeared at the end of the tunnel of the Defense Base. The garrison of the Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Defense Base was still in a daze. He did not understand what was going on.

Why did the alarm sound?

The garrison guarding the quantum teleportation tunnel was mainly at the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms. As for the Planetary realm guards here, they had already been killed when they first arrived.

10:37

Facing the extremely elite Worldly Expeditionary Force, they would only be slaughtered.

Xu Tui had already teleported past the safety door before it landed. He slammed his palm on the emergency door of the base.

Yan Lie's figure instantly appeared, and the heads of the Spiritual Race garrison flew into the air.

Xu Tui and the others had already done sufficient research and study on the various buildings, emergency facilities, and so on of the Spiritual Race's Defense Base. A second later, Ullr, Wen Xinglun, An Xiaoxue, Wen Shao, and the others arrived one after another.

The garrison guarding the quantum teleportation tunnel was mainly at the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms. As for the Planetary realm guards here, they had already been killed when they first arrived.

Facing the extremely elite Worldly Expeditionary Force, they would only be slaughtered.

In the Worldly Expeditionary Force, the person with the lowest cultivation had also reached the level of a second-level star halo. The true combat strength of the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force exceeded their cultivation. Previously, many people had the ability to challenge those above their level.

There were about 300 guards stationed here. In just two minutes, they were all killed.

This was not an exaggeration.

This was because many people, such as Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Li Zheng, Dai Lijun, Mu Xingluan, and the other supernatural beings, were the kind that could kill an entire group.

As for Xu Tui, he calmly inserted one of Ah Huang's hardware chips into the interface of the quantum brain in the base.

Almost instantly, Ah Huang completed the invasion and data control.

The Spiritual Race paid enough attention to data security. However, Ah Huang's hardware had previously invaded the military base of Planet Y and Planet 1142, the quantum artificial intelligence, and the civilian quantum artificial intelligence of the planet's director, giving Ah Huang a large number of data fundamental characteristics.

It had already formed a database of the Spiritual Race's data defense characteristics.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1