Chapter 1654 - 1654: Accidentally Encountering The Enemy (3)

Chapter 1654 - 1654: Accidentally Encountering the Enemy (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Warning: Suspected pirate captain is attacking the second quantum teleportation channel. ”

“Warning: Based on the preliminary calculations, the current strength of the second quantum teleportation tunnel might not be able to resist the space pirates. I suggest that we urgently reinforce the second sub-teleportation Tunnel.”

“Warning: The remote sensing equipment has discovered that the space pirates have split into two. One group of people is pouncing towards the second quantum teleportation Tunnel, while the other group is pouncing towards the third quantum teleportation tunnel.

“I suggest that we immediately mobilize the Defense Fortress troops at the cosmic tunnel node to reinforce the third quantum teleportation channel.”

“Report it to the Northern Star Field Military District immediately. Tell them that our planet was attacked by an unknown enemy!” Kun Li said angrily.

“Understood. It’s already being reported, but the data channel has suddenly been congested. It’s being repaired and alleviated.”

“Trash! Kun Li cursed.

“Mr. Commander, please pay attention to your words. I am not a tool. I am a high-level quantum intelligence. From the Sanctuary Order of the Spiritual Race, I am also a member of the Spiritual Race. Just like you, I have the rights of a complete member of the Spiritual Race!”

The words of the quantum intelligence made Kun Li angry but did not curse. He understood why the Sanctuary wanted to establish three communication systems.

Technology-type communication systems might not be reliable.

The second communication system of the Spiritual Race was an instant communication system formed by the use of a quantum teleportation channel. However, there were many restrictions on its use.

The third communication system belonged to the category of emergency communication systems. It was a high -level Ling Inquiry Disk made from the high-level colonies of the Ling Clan. However, there were very few of them. It was only distributed to the garrison commanders of the various planets and some special planets.

“Let’s go to Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number Two. Tell the garrison of Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number Three to lower the safety door and defend to the death. Activate their quantum teleportation channel. Their reinforcements will immediately come through the quantum teleportation channel,” Kun Li ordered.

“Alright, aren’t we going to mobilize the troops from the cosmic tunnel node’s Defense Base to provide support?” The quantum intelligence suggested. “The defense forces at the cosmic tunnel node must not be touched.”

It had to be said that not only was Commander Kun Li very cautious, but he also understood what he could and could not do. Even under the guidance of quantum intelligence, they did not transfer the troops from the cosmic tunnel node’s Defense Base.

Currently, Ah Huang had only partially invaded the quantum intelligence of the Asteroid 1012’s Defense Base. The reason why the quantum intelligence here could lure the commander was actually because of the fake information sent by the quantum intelligence that Ah Huang had already controlled.

Then, the planetary commander brought five Planetary realms and 30 quasi-planets and quickly supported the second quantum teleportation channel.

Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“The commander of this planet has already headed to the second quantum teleportation channel. He will arrive in seven minutes. It was estimated that in eight to nine minutes, he would be able to report the emergency of being invaded by space pirates to the military district of the Northern Star Field.

“However, the Northern Star Field Military District might immediately think that it was you. It is estimated that the Northern Star Field Military District will take action in ten to 12 minutes. They would gather a team immediately. According to the operating mechanism and efficiency of the Spiritual Race’s military, they might be able to surround and kill the army in 25 minutes.

“Time is tight,” Ah Huang said.

“Well done.” Xu Tui, who was rushing toward the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Base at high speed, praised Ah Huang.

“I don’t like verbal praise much anymore. I prefer physical rewards.” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded.O

Xu Tui was stunned. “Ah Huang, taking the initiative to ask for a reward and bargaining with me seems to have exceeded the scope of an advanced artificial intelligence like you.”

“I already have a spirit unique to humans. My mental body is also very powerful. It has long exceeded the scope of advanced artificial intelligence. It can even be said that I have a little ‘human’ nature. It’s very normal for me to ask for a reward.

“Besides, I’ve already tried my best to perfect all the details within the scope of your orders. Isn’t it only right for me to ask for a reward now?” Ah Huang said.

“Hahaha, Ah Huang, my efforts to nurture you back then were not in vain! The

Silver Spirit Box, right? Don’t worry, I’ve already prepared it for you.”

“I knew it. This is great.”

Xu Tui’s expression did not look good after he ended the call with Ah Huang. Ah Huang had given him too much help now. It was a super quantum intelligent computer with human nature. It also had the enhancement of a mental body. Its effect far exceeded all quantum artificial intelligence.

However, it gave Xu Tui the feeling that he was about to lose control. This feeling was not good. Xu Tui felt that he had personally created a monster. But he still needed Ah Huang’s help before he returned to the solar system. In the future, he had to think of a way to continue strengthening his control over Ah

Huang.

He rearranged the timeline.

The Worldly Expeditionary Force was still five minutes away from the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Base. Wen Xinglun and the others had already set off for five minutes. According to Ah Huang’s prediction, the Spiritual Race’s encirclement army would continuously charge over from the cosmic tunnel in 25 minutes at most.

This was basically in line with the deduction before the battle. It would take at most 30 minutes.

Xu Tui only hoped that Wen Xinglun and the others would move faster and smoothlv.

The earlier they returned, the safer it would be..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1