Chapter 1663 - 1663: The True Value Of The Blue Star Force (1)

Chapter 1663 - 1663: The True Value of the Blue Star Force (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the quantum teleportation tunnel of Asteroid 433, when they saw the confused expressions of the defenders of the Defense Base of the quantum teleportation tunnel, the Worldly Expeditionary Force, whose eyes had already turned red from killing, had already charged over like wolves and tigers.

High-intensity wars were the best way to hone the art of killing.

Ever since the expedition to Planet X, all the members of the expeditionary army had already begun to transform after a series of battles. They transformed during war, during blood and fire. In the past, their tactics were to kill the enemy to win. But now, their tactical methods had evolved to purely killing enemies in a short period of time. It could be described as unscrupulous in order to kill the enemy. There was no such thing as dignity for those who had been killed by the enemy.

In Cui Xi’s words, as long as he could kill the enemy, he could strip and dance with his spear.

Coupled with Xu Tui’s cooperation, the Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Defense Base in front of them was wiped out before any news could spread.

When everyone charged out of the Asteroid 433’s Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Defense Base, all the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force heaved a sigh of relief.

There were only two quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 433, and there were no cosmic tunnel nodes. As long as he controlled the first quantum teleportation channel on Asteroid 433 and killed the garrison of this asteroid defense base, he would be safe.

There would be a safe period of at least two to a few days.

This was because from the looks of the situation, it would take at least ten days for the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements to fly over from other places after controlling the quantum teleportation channel.

The ten-day rest period was too important to the current Worldly Expeditionary Force.

Xu Tui turned around and looked at the expectant members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. He suddenly said, “Brothers, I know that you are all very tired. Many of you are about to reach your limits, but the battle is not over yet.

“Although this place will temporarily become a safe haven for us, we still have to race against time in order to return home more smoothly.”

“There’s more!” Ullr lost his voice. He was also very surprised. After the consecutive battles, his mind power had dropped to 40%. This was a very dangerous area. It was an area that did not have a sense of security. Therefore, Ullr did not want to continue fighting.

Xu Tui only glanced at Ullr before he ordered, “Wen Xinglun, Yin Ba, Yanzi, go and specify a location immediately. Make a roundabout arrangement. It will take 14 minutes to reach the target location and the first quantum teleportation channel. You have 10 to 15 minutes to complete the arrangements. You have to be fast.”

“Don’t worry. With my previous experience, it will only be faster this time.” It was Yanzi who spoke.

Although this special mission was led by Wen Xinglun, in reality, the efficiency of completing it depended mainly on Yanzi. Yanzi was the fundamental factor that determined the speed of the mission.

“Ullr, Yan Lie, Ruan Tianzuo, Lavis, Wen Shao, and An Xiaoxue, the six of you will go to the first quantum teleportation tunnel. Try to take down the first quantum teleportation tunnel in the shortest time possible.

“You have to be fast. The first mission is to control the first quantum teleportation channel and not let the enemy come over. If you discover that there are signs of activation in the quantum teleportation channel, destroy it immediately.

“The second mission is to carry out a blitzkrieg attack so that the garrison could not warn the other planets through the quantum teleportation channel.

“After completing the second mission, carry out the third mission. Control the first quantum teleportation tunnel and be prepared to teleport away at any time.

“After completing the first mission, the rest of you will be on guard. An Xiaoxue will do her best to recover her mind power and prepare for the teleportation.”

After a series of orders, the people from the Worldly Expeditionary Force who were quick-witted already understood Xu Tui’s strategy. Those who were slow-witted only knew that the battle had to continue.

“The rest of you, follow me to attack the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 433. I’ll go first. Come quickly.”

Xu Tui disappeared after he finished speaking. He knew very well when he had to save his mind power and when he could not. To be honest, they were temporarily safe after arriving at Asteroid 433. However, the risks in the future were huge.

Xu Tui still wanted to set up a way out for the future. This was because in this chaotic state, it was the best time to set up a retreat. If he missed this opportunity, it would be more difficult to set up an escape route. He would also

be easily discovered.

Fortunately, the Spiritual Race’s Western Star Field, Asteroid 433, could be considered an inner-abdominal Star Field.

Judging from the Spiritual Race’s star map, Asteroid 433 was located slightly west of the center of the west. To put it bluntly, Asteroid 433 was the inland area of the Spiritual Race. Under normal circumstances, the defense power of the inland area was relatively weak.

Most importantly, the Northern Star Field had been completely mobilized because of the intrusion of Xu Tui and the others. Even though they had relaxed, the vigilance of the various planets had become very strong.

The Western Star Field was different. It was very quiet and comfortable. Moreover, because it was considered an inner-abdominal Star Field, both the mentality of the guards and the defense power were relatively weak.

It was not like the previous planets where the Seven Satellites and even the Eight Satellites were stationed.

According to the information gathered by Ah Huang, the commander of the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 433 was only a Six Satellites Planetary realm..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1