Chapter 1666 - 1666: The First Step Home Success And The Major Event Of The Solar System (1)

Chapter 1666 - 1666: The First Step Home Success and the Major Event of the Solar System (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Commander, the quantum teleportation channel between our Star Field Asteroid 399 and Asteroid 433 has been unilaterally destroyed by the enemy. We have lost contact.”

“Commander, the quantum Teleportation channel between our Star Field Asteroid 410 and Asteroid 399 has been unilaterally destroyed by the enemy. We have lost contact.”

“Commander, we have lost contact with all three quantum intelligent command centers on Asteroid 399 of our Star Field. There is no reply to our emergency contact information. We have temporarily lost contact with Asteroid 399.”

“Commander, the civilian quantum communication on Asteroid 399 of our Star Field has been completely cut off. We speculate that the enemy has high-powered signal jamming equipment.

“Currently, we have lost contact with Asteroid 399.”

“Commander, there are a total of seven units in the 30-day voyage of the combat troops located around Asteroid 399. However, due to the lack of a quantum teleportation channel, they are expected to arrive in more than 10 days.”

In the base of the Western Star Field Military District on Silver Ship Planet, there was continuous news, but there was no good news. This made the expression of the commander of the Western Star Field Military District, Feng Qihan, become even more solemn.

He somewhat understood how the 13th main elder, Mu Sheng, and the commander of the Northern Star Field Military Region, Huo Xiao, felt.

It was too uncomfortable.

The enemy named Blue Star Rat did not just give him a feeling of cunning, but of familiarity.

They were extremely familiar with the traffic and communication within the Spiritual Race. Every attack hit their traffic and communication vital points, causing them to have a huge amount of power but not be able to send it to the battlefield immediately.

However, the code name given by Elder Mu Sheng, Blue Star Rat, was really accurate.

With the strength of any Star Field military region, they would be able to kill this rat with one strike. The prerequisite was that thev had to catch uD to this rat.

The problem now was that he could not catch up.

In fact, this was also a common problem with the vast territory of the Star Field. Although there were cosmic tunnels and quantum teleportation channels that formed an important transportation line, they would be very passive once the transportation line was destroyed.

Before this, a few space pirates in the Spiritual Race had also done such a thing.

However, the strength of the space pirates was usually average. So what if the traffic line was cut off? They could just send one or two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts over to crush them.

This time, the Blue Star rats had the power to kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Sending a single Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was sending himself to his death.

He had to send at least two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts over at once. Based on the current combat results of the Northern Star Field, it was not safe to have two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. He had to have at least three of them.

What was worse was that the quantum teleportation channel could only teleport one Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator at a time. This also highlighted the importance of the quantum teleportation technology mastered by the Blue Star army.

Whether it was the changes in technology or the fact that someone in this Blue Star army had a special ability to allow a large-scale teleportation of a quantum teleportation channel that could only teleport one person at a time.

They were all very important.

It meant a lot!

After some consideration, Feng Qihan contacted the sixth main seat’s elder,

Feng Ye, again. Then, he told him about the relevant recording and judgment. After hearing Feng Qihan’s description, the sixth main elder fell into a long silence. He only spoke after a long time.

“No wonder. No wonder Mu Sheng was still fighting to the death even though he had such a huge problem this time. He was still unwilling to give up and was still desperately gathering his trusted aides to surround him. So this is the reason.” After a pause, Feng Ye said, “Old Qi, do you know what this ability or technology means to us?”

“I understand a little.”

Hearing this, Feng Ye shook his head in the communication device. “It looks like you don’t fully understand. To the outside world, this ability or technology will give us the confidence to win the decisive battle! During the sudden attack battle, there’s no need for 20 of them. We only need to teleport three to five Nine Satellites over to reinforce them at once. That will be the decisive force,” Feng Ye said.

“I understand.” Feng Qihan had also thought of this.

“What about the internal? Have you thought about it?”

“Internal?” At the thought of this, Feng Qihan suddenly felt his hair stand.

Internal.

Its effect on the inside was simply too terrifying!

Of course, there were some things that could not be said. It was enough to think about it. Just thinking about it was very terrifying.

Or if they obtained such a technology or ability that could allow a quantum teleportation channel to teleport five to six Nine Satellites to the next planet at the same time, then the power of the Western Star Field might be able to sweep through the entire Spiritual Race.

The advantage of gathering top-notch power was unimaginable.

Of course, Feng Qihan only thought about it and did not dare to say it.

On the other side of the communication device, Feng Ye smiled coldly. “It looks like you already understand. Of course, we’re not going to do anything, but I don’t have to tell you the importance of mastering this technology or ability, right?”

“I understand!”

“At all costs, surround and kill this Blue Star army. At the same time, you must capture its main members alive,” Feng Ye ordered.

“Understood, but this Blue Star army has the power to kill the Nine Satellites.

I’m afraid it’s not enough to surround and kill them.”

“Don’t worry. I’ll immediately send four external elders to listen to your orders. Also, get Mu Sheng to participate, but you have to control the forces he participates in.. The recording and related information are listed as top-secret!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1