Chapter 1660 - 1660: The Inescapable Net Of The Cosmic Tunnel

Chapter 1660 - 1660: The Inescapable Net of the Cosmic Tunnel

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Powerhouses who could cultivate to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, be it in the Extreme Branch or the Supernatural Branch, could maintain their mental bodies for a long time after leaving their bodies.

However, the difference was that the strength of the Nine Satellites supernatural being would only decrease by 10 to 20% after losing their bodies. However, the strength of the Extreme Branch Planetary realm might decrease by 40 to 50% or even more after losing their bodies.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm that he had suddenly encountered in the cosmic tunnel was also a supernatural being. There were more supernatural beings in the Spiritual Race.

After Xu Tui used foreign body teleportation to cut through this person’s body, his mental body naturally darted out of his remnant body.

But Xu Tui had already expected this.

As the two seals above Ullr and Wen Xinglun’s heads flashed, the lightning had already poured towards the mental body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse who had just escaped.

Currently, Ullr was in the Seven Satellites, and Wen Xinglun was in the Four Satellites. The two of them had outstanding combat strength to begin with. Under the enhancement of their seals, they definitely had the combat strength of the Eight Satellites and the Five Satellites.

More importantly, lightning-type supernatural power was extremely Yang. It dealt a lot of damage to the mental body. For a mental body without the protection of the physical body, it was like stabbing butter with an iron rod.

Most importantly, the Spiritual Race’s Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator was still confused.

The oncoming clansmen suddenly attacked him. For some reason, his physical body was gone. The moment his mental body came out, it was drowned by lightning. The combination of punches did not give him a chance to react. As for the others, they had already formed a combat team and charged out the moment Xu Tui attacked.

For example, Zhao Hailong and Yang Huai both had the same unknown series of seals. One was at the peak of the Three Satellites, and the other was at the Five Satellites. They could actually fight and suppress the other party.

Yan Lie was a peak-level Four Satellites, and Yan Xuejin was a Four Satellites. They were both holders of the Eight Extremes Star Official’s Seal. The two of them were fighting a Six Satellites, but they could still fight to a draw.

There was no need to mention Qu Qingshan. With the cultivation of the Five

Satellites, he could already fight a Six Satellites alone. As for Wen Shao of the Four Satellites, under the enhancement of the seal, he could also fight a Five Satellites alone.

Lavis of the Five Satellites could also fight the Six Satellites.

Under such circumstances, even if the Il-person team on the other side was very strong, they were still surrounded.

This team had the same configuration as Huo Baihong’s team. There were a total of 12 people, one Eight Satellites, two Seven Satellites, three Six Satellites, five Five Satellites, and one Nine Satellites.

On Xu Tui’s side, it was currently 33 versus 12. Although 18 of them were between Two Satellites and Three Satellites, it was not a problem for three to four people to fight one Five Satellites with tacit cooperation.

However, Xu Tui knew that he was racing against time after he entered the cosmic tunnel. Therefore, he did not hold back anymore.

After using foreign body teleportation to kill the Nine Satellites that he had encountered, Xu Tui threw Little Six and the other seven guards out at the same time and charged toward this group of people.

Xu Tui’s advantage increased greatly. It was no longer an encounter fight. It was a siege. This was especially so after Wen Xinglun and Ullr joined the battle.

The battle was one-sided.

As for An Xiaoxue, she had already killed a Six Satellites. Not only was the attack of the Spatial Dimensional Slash powerful, but it was also strange.

As for Xu Tui, he did not attack again after he used the foreign body teleportation. His mental perception spread out. He would not attack unless someone’s life was in danger. He held a purified Soul Crystal in each hand and made the best use of his time to recover his mind power.

In the following battles, Xu Tui would try his best not to attack. He would try his best to preserve his mind power.

This was because it was hard to say if he would encounter the third or even the fourth Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

The battle ended in a minute and a half.

Xu Tui casually detained a Seven Satellites’ mental body. The passive resonance of his Spiritual Resonance told him that this person was very afraid. He was the one who had almost broken down among all the people who had died in battle.

Such people were more afraid of death. They were cowards and were very easy to recruit and control.

Currently, Xu Tui’s Seven Satellites Guards still had room for expansion.

After the battle ended, everyone cleaned up the battle as quickly as possible. Ruan Tianzuo and Qu Qingshan’s mind power, mixed with flames, swept through the battle area and burned away 99% of the remaining aura.

It made it extremely difficult for the enemy to track them.

“Let’s go!”

This time, Yin Ba transformed into a flying state. Zhao Hailong and the others, including Xu Tui, who were injured of varying severity, sat cross-legged on Yin

The others took the opportunity to get Mu Xingluan to treat their injuries, while Xu Tui did his best to recover his mind power, including the Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill that the Spiritual Race treated as their own. Xu Tui had already swallowed two of them.

Xu Tui had already expected that they would encounter a Spiritual Race team in the cosmic tunnel at the current frequency of the Northern Star Field Military District mobilizing their forces.

However, the frequency of encounters was much higher than Xu Tui had imagined.

They had already encountered a team led by a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Less than five minutes after they set off again, Xu Tui and the others encountered another Spiritual Race team.

This team had more people.

They were led by a Eight Satellites, one Seven Satellites, two Six Satellites, five Five Satellites, and 20 people below the Five Satellites. Other than that, there were also 60 quasi-planetary experts.

It was a large team.

There was a high chance that this team was rushing to the target Star Field to surround and kill Xu Tui and the others.

This way, even if their strength was average, it would be very difficult for their opponents.

Xu Tui had wanted to bluff his way through. However, the leader, Eight Satellites, did not want to stop Xu Tui and the others.

“Where did you come from? Also, who asked you to bring a vassal race like the Mechanical Spirit Race into the cosmic tunnel…”

“Kill!” Xu Tui had already given the order without waiting for him to finish asking. His orders were transmitted through his consciousness, though. He had already thrown Little Six and the other eight guards out when he gave the order.

The battle started again.

At the same time, his mind power force field instantly enveloped the leader of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. His realistic characteristics were instantly activated.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash slashed at the Eight Satellites. In an instant, his head disappeared.

Perfect cooperation. Instant kill!

Then, Xu Tui stopped attacking. He once again seized the time to recover his mind power. Although they were very strong, there were still many people on the other side. The battle ended four minutes later. This team massacred all of them. None of them were spared.

Xu Tui had paid a heavy price.

Tao Guan and Miao Huanshan were seriously injured, especially Tao Guan. If Xu Tui had not taken action in an emergency, Tao Guan would have died in battle.

The others, especially those from the Extreme Branch, such as Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, and the others, were all injured.

“Let’s go!”

This time, other than the corpses of a few powerful Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race, the corpses of the others were all left behind. There was no time to clean up the battlefield. Of course, it was necessary to disperse everyone’s aura.

Just as Xu Tui and the others encountered the second team in the cosmic tunnel, on the Big Bear Star of the Northern Star Field.

The 13th main elder, Mu Sheng, and the commander of the Northern Star Field Military District, Huo Xiao, finally confirmed the situation of the battle on Asteroid 1012 through many channels.

In reality, according to Xu Tui’s previous estimates, they should have confirmed the situation of the battle ten minutes ago and given feedback. However, the bloated internal structure and various levels made this extremely urgent information delay for at least ten minutes before it appeared in front of Mu Sheng.

“The cosmic tunnel. This group of Blue Star rats escaped into the cosmic tunnel. I understand their strategy.

“They should have expected our encirclement, and they can only quickly escape our encirclement through the cosmic tunnel!” Mu Sheng immediately made a certain judgment.

“However, they probably don’t know how many teams we have that can pounce on the cosmic tunnel at any time. Huo Xiao, contact the team that are currently in the cosmic tunnel and can enter it within three minutes.

“Order those teams that had already entered the cosmic tunnel to surround and kill the Blue Star rats immediately.

“There’s a high chance that this Blue Star rat team might have already fought our people. Order the teams in the cosmic tunnel to move in the direction of the violent energy fluctuations immediately,” Mu Sheng said.

In less than 30 seconds, Huo Xiao gave a crisp response. “Elder, it is estimated that within a minute, a total of 105 Planetary realms and 210 quasi-planetary realms will enter the cosmic tunnel. It is estimated that within three minutes, 20 teams with a total of 310 Planetary realms and 620 quasi-planetary realms will enter the cosmic tunnel to participate in the encirclement. In five minutes, 20 more teams will enter the cosmic tunnel to surround them.”

“Alright, order the Defense Fortresses at the nodes of the various cosmic tunnels to enter combat mode. Put down on the safety door and report the enemy immediately if you discover them.”

“Okay!”

Huo Xiao immediately gave Mu Sheng’s order through the general staff of the Northern Star Field Military District. After receiving an affirmative answer, the main elder, Mu Sheng, suddenly sneered. “Let’s see how this Blue Star rat can escape under such an inescapable net!

“Let’s go, Commander Huo. Let’s go to the cosmic tunnel too! Among this group of Blue Star rats, there was a possibility of dealing with the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Perhaps we can also coincidentally take action once and kill a Blue Star rat with our own hands to vent our anger!”

Immediately, the 13th Main Seat Elder of the Spiritual Race, Mu Sheng, who was originally in charge of the situation on Planet Big Bear, brought Mu

Zhengvue and Huo Xiao. Other than Governor Mu Ting. who staved behind to

guard the place, three super-strong Nine Satellites led the team and directly entered the cosmic tunnel from Planet Big Big.

Of course, this was five minutes later.

When Mu Sheng, Huo Xiao, and the others entered the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui and the others had just encountered the fourth wave of Spiritual Race team in the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui gave the order. When everyone started to attack again, Ullr and Wen Xinglun, who were scouting from afar, had just turned into a bolt of lightning and fled.

“I’ve discovered at least three teams behind us! The nearest team only needs four minutes at most from us,” Ullr said.

Xu Tui looked at Wen Xinglun, who had circled around from the side.. “Principal Wen, what about our front? How is it?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1