Chapter 1665 - 1665: The True Value Of The Blue Star Force (3)

Chapter 1665 - 1665: The True Value of the Blue Star Force (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Elder Mu Sheng ordered us to close all the quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 433 immediately. We would use the quantum array core under the emergency regulations to establish an emergency quantum teleportation channel and guide his encirclement troops into the vicinity of Asteroid 433.

“At the same time, mobilize the troops around Asteroid 433 in the Western Star Field and cooperate with them to surround and kill this Blue Star army.” Feng Zidao’s words made Feng Qihan’s expression change.

“The Blue Star army that attacked from Planet Y of the Northern Star Field escaped into Asteroid 433? Did Asteroid 433 give any warning?” Feng Qihan asked.

“Commander, we haven’t received an alert from Asteroid 433 yet,” Chief of Staff Feng Zidao said.

After pondering for a moment, Feng Qihan gave a series of orders. “Contact Asteroid 433 immediately and confirm the current situation of Asteroid 433. In addition, directly report to the main elder, Lord Mu Sheng, that I’ve already received the order, but it will take time to execute it. We also need information support. Ask Elder Musheng for detailed information and battle videos of this

Blue Star team. Also, contact the sixth main seat elder, Feng Ye, immediately,” Feng Qihan ordered.

“Understood.” Feng Zidao stammered and asked, “Commander, what should I say after contacting Lord Feng Ye?”

“There’s no need for you to tell him. I’ll return to the base immediately.” With that, Feng Qihan disappeared from his spot. However, there was still a phantom of Feng Qihan patrolling in the sky above the battlefield.

On Asteroid 677, Mu Sheng jumped in anger when he heard the reply on the communication device. “Order Feng Qihan to execute the order immediately.

We’ll talk about anything else after that.”

“Lord Elder, the commander said that he’s rushing back. Moreover, it will take time to mobilize the emergency quantum array core and the army to execute the orders. He said that in order to minimize the casualties, he needs the elders to provide him with detailed information about the Blue Star troops.” Feng Zidao was a very competent chief of staff.

There was nothing wrong with what he said. No one could find any problems with it. However, Mu Sheng, who understood the reason, jumped in anxiety.

In the Silver Ship Star base of the Western Star Field’s military district, Feng

Qihan, who had just rushed back, was on the phone with their main elder, Feng

“Qihan, this is your chance. I just received information that that old thing Mu Sheng made a huge mistake during his shift.

“Not only did the backup intergalactic quantum array core of the solar system fail to be reactivated, but it also allowed a team of dozens of people from the Blue Star to barge around the Northern Star Field. It’s said that Huo Baihong died in battle.”

“What? Huo Baihong died in battle? It looks like the enemy is very strong.” Feng Qihan was a little shocked. He knew Huo Baihong.

“It’s true that they’re not weak! However, 20 to 30 people are not that strong!

How strong can such a small army be? Therefore, I think there’s a problem, ” Feng Ye said.

“A problem?” Feng Qihan was puzzled. “Elder, what do you mean?”

“Participate! ”

“Participate in it?”

“That’s right. Mobilize your elites and trusted aides to participate. Report any discoveries at any time. If there’s a chance to capture him alive, don’t hesitate! Of course, you have to pay attention to protecting yourself. Remember, you are only cooperating with Mu Sheng’s troops. You will win. If anything happens…” “Then it belongs to Elder Mu Sheng and the others.”

“Yes, contact me at any time if you find anything. I think that since this Blue Star army is so good at causing trouble, if we can capture them alive, we might find something different,” Feng Ye said.

“Understood.” After ending the call, Feng Qihan immediately took the initiative to contact Mu Sheng again and informed him that he had returned to the base from the drill battlefield. He began to build an emergency quantum teleportation channel and mobilized the army at the same time.

At this moment, more than 20 minutes had passed since Mu Sheng contacted Feng Qihan. He had no choice but to accept such an answer. Including the time he had wasted building the communication device on Asteroid 677 , it had been almost 30 minutes since Xu Tui and the others had killed their way into Asteroid 433.

The Western Star Field Military District where Feng Qihan was also began to mobilize. However, he could not contact Asteroid 433. If they could not contact it, it meant that something might have happened to Asteroid 433.

“Contact Asteroid 420 and Asteroid 399, which have a quantum teleportation channel with Asteroid 433 immediately.

“Order them to immediately send reconnaissance personnel to Asteroid 433 with a quantum array core to investigate the situation of Asteroid 433. Also, find an opportunity to establish a quantum teleportation channel,” Qihan Feng ordered.

Three minutes later, Feng Zidao had just contacted Asteroid 399 when he received an emergency request for help from Asteroid 399.

“Commander, our Asteroid 399’s Defense Base was ambushed by unknown enemies from the first quantum teleportation channel. We suffered heavy losses and requested reinforcements. There are at least 20 enemies!

“Report…’

The call for help disappeared with a muffled sound of bones shattering. Commander Feng Qihan suddenly flashed over and snatched the communication device. “Who are you? The Blue Star humans?”

“Guess?”

As soon as the low voice sounded, it was completely covered by the sizzling sound of electric current. The communication between the Western Star Field Military District Command and Asteroid 399 was completely cut off.

Commander Feng Qihan’s brows immediately turned cold. “In just half an hour, they killed their way into Asteroid 399 from Asteroid 433. This Blue Star army…”

Feng Qihan was suddenly stunned.

“Recording, give me the recording just now!”

In the next moment, the warning recording of Asteroid 399 sounded. When he heard that there were at least 20 enemies, a smile suddenly appeared on the face of the commander of the Western Star Field Military District, Feng Qihan.

“I understand! I understand! I know the value of this Blue Star invasion team! No matter what method we use, the value of passing through a team of more than 20 people through the quantum teleportation channel is subversive to us.

No wonder Mu Sheng was in such a hurry!”

In the next moment, Feng Qihan shouted, “Mark out all the combat troops we can mobilize at the moment..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1