Chapter 1668 - 1668: The First Step Home Success And The Major Event Of The Solar System (3)

Chapter 1668 - 1668: The First Step Home Success and the Major Event of the Solar System (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What they needed now was to recover.

Xu Tui would recover his mind power as long as he had the chance along the way. He would try his best not to participate in the battle. His mind power had also dropped to about 20%. It could be said that after a safe and comprehensive restoration, the combat strength of the expeditionary army would reach another level.

Through the training of blood and fire, everyone’s combat strength had improved greatly.

Before he fell into a deep sleep, Xu Tui still used the Seven Stars Energy

Gathering Array Core to set up a good cultivation and restoration environment. It continuously increased the concentration of energy in the place where they were resting.

He would not let go of any opportunity to increase his strength.

Although this slight improvement at this moment was insignificant, it would be very impressive if it accumulated over a long period of time. Before he fell into a deep sleep, Xu Tui asked Ah Huang about the Blue Star time again. It was currently 9 p.m. on the 18th of November, 2141 in the Blue Star Calendar.

This was definitely a memorable moment for Xu Tui and the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

This was a moment of desperation.

Xu Tui had successfully completed the first step of his plan to return home.

It was 13 hours later when Xu Tui woke up again. It was already November 19th. This was because most of the people’s recovery speed had increased under the envelopment of Xu Tui’s mind power force field. Most of them had woken up when Xu Tui woke up.

Only Ullr was still sleeping.

Of course, the main reason was that he had not been absorbed by Xu Tui’s mind power force field. His mind power recovery speed had not been enhanced, so he had not woken up yet.

In the past ten hours, civilian forces from Asteroid 399 had continuously come to the planet’s Defense Base to test the waters. Without exception, they were all killed by Little Six and the others.

As the commotion became greater and greater, Ah Huang mobilized a drone and dropped a three-phase thermal bomb in the center of the city closest to the planet’s defense base. It destroyed more than half of the city before stopping.

Now that his mind power had completely recovered, he naturally had to increase his strength.

Using battles to nurture battles was also Xu Tui’s important plan. Based on the current situation, Asteroid 399 was larger than Planet Y and Asteroid 1142. In terms of planet diameter, it was twice that of Planet Y.

In theory, there should be much more ley lines on Asteroid 399 than on Planet Y. The cultivation effect would be even better.

This time, Xu Tui estimated that they would have a longer period of safety. More than three days, or even five days, so they had to make full use of the earth vein on this planet to greatly increase everyone’s strength.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He used the power of everyone’s seals and the power of the cosmic starlight to capture the star core of Asteroid 399 from the ground. Then, he swallowed it.

The refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal of the South Pole soared from 60% to 68%. The progress of the Star Official’s Seals of the others had greatly increased.

Half an hour later, as the ground shook, the power of the earth vein was drawn out by Xu Tui’s activation of the Longevity Emperor Seal. In less than ten minutes, the concentration of energy in the base hall that everyone had gathered reached an extremely terrifying level.

“Hurry up and cultivate. After today, I’m afraid there won’t be such a luxurious cultivation opportunity for the time being.”

While everyone was shocked, Xu Tui also began to cultivate with all his might.

Star Field Hades, Planet Hades, Muya’s Holy Temple.

Pope Qiao An sat cross-legged under the statue of the Lord. She placed her scepter horizontally on her knees. Her body emitted milky-white ripples that slowly spread in all directions, making the priests in the Holy Temple feel extremely comfortable.

For a moment, they had the illusion that Pope Qiao An was their supreme lord.

At this moment, Pope Qiao An’s slightly closed eyes suddenly opened. Two holy pillars of light shot out of her eyes, and the door of the Holy Temple suddenly opened.

Outside the door of the Holy Temple, four purple-robed bishops arrived together. Among them, the purple-robed bishop, Klens, was among them.

“Your Holiness, something major has happened in the solar system! ” The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, was the first to speak..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1