Chapter 1661 - 1661: The Main Elder Caught Up

Chapter 1661 - 1661: The Main Elder Caught Up

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’ve already found the entrance of the target planet’s cosmic tunnel. It’s still five minutes away from us. However, I noticed on the way that at least two groups of Planetary realm experts are rushing in our direction. One of them had already noticed me. They seem to be rushing over at full speed. They should be marching at high speed. They might have… received orders.” Wen Xinglun made such a deduction.

“I have the same feeling,” Ullr added.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. “Including the team in front of us, there are only three teams in total. What’s there to say? Just do it!”

Before Xu Tui could finish his sentence, Ullr and Wen Xinglun turned into lightning and pounced forward.

“Everyone, settle the battle in one minute.” Xu Tui sent a mental voice transmission to everyone in the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

From now on, the Worldly Expeditionary Force was racing against time. Perhaps, the difference of half a minute was life and death.

Whether it was Wen Xinglun and Ullr’s observation of the enemy or the normal situation, the Spiritual Race’s Northern Star Field Military District had already received news that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had charged into the cosmic tunnel and had already made various reactions.

Xu Tui held the Soul Crystal in his hand and continuously absorbed the mind power in the Soul Crystal. After half an hour of restoration, his mind power had just recovered from less than 20% to 50%.

However, this was a matter of life and death. Xu Tui couldn’t care less and began to participate in the battle again.

His method of participating in the battle was extremely ingenious. He used the least consumption to create the greatest results. The interference of the ice seal slightly disturbed or restrained the Eight Satellites who was fighting An Xiaoxue for a moment.

The opportunity he created allowed An Xiaoxue and Ullr to severely injure the Eight Satellites.

Yan Lie used Concealment and Flash Stab, and the Eight Satellites’ head soared into the sky. Then, it turned into ashes under the lightning, including his mental body.

They cooperated perfectly.

Four seconds.

The team in front of him was basically a standard team of the Spiritual Race. There were 15 Planetary realms and 30 quasi-planetary realms.

The Seven Satellites that Ruan Tianzuo had fought were also killed by Ruan Tianzuo with Xu Tui’s ingenious cooperation.

What was left was a massacre. After all, Little Six and the other eight Seven Satellites Heavenly Court guards, as well as the other Planetary realms, were not for nothing.

45 seconds!

It was faster than Xu Tui had expected.

“Let’s go! Countdown is three minutes. We are expected to encounter the next wave of enemies in 40 seconds.”

Xu Tui’s orders were simple. However, the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force did not stop moving as they followed the main group and charged.

Mu Xingluan and Li Zheng wandered between the injured servants, trying to reduce the injuries of the injured people in the shortest time possible.

The others held Origin Crystals in their hands as they charged. They would recover as much strength as they could.

Many people had already used up more than half of their strength after the continuous battles.

Forty-five seconds later, they encountered another team. This was the fifth wave of teams after Xu Tui and the others entered the cosmic tunnel. This time, there was no possibility of impersonating the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui and the others were covered in blood. Some of their armor was damaged. One look at them could cause people to be on high alert.

It was still a standard combat team of the Spiritual Race. However, the leader this time was a Seven Satellites. They were still 15 Planetary realms and 30 quasi-planetary experts.

The sudden appearance of Xu Tui’s ice seal created an opportunity for Ullr and Wen Xinglun, who had seals above their heads, to drown the Seven Satellites. The mental hammer smashed through the other Seven Satellites, two Six Satellites, and one Five Satellites.

The Five Satellites experts vomited blood on the spot. The mental bodies of the Seven Satellites and the two Six Satellites were shaken without exception. Their enemies had long been used to Xu Tui’s cooperation.

35 seconds!

The 15 Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts of the fifth team were wiped out.

The price was that Cui Xi was seriously injured and had lost his combat strength.

Currently, two people in the Worldly Expeditionary Force had already lost their combat strength.

They were Cui Xi and Tao Guan. The other party was in a close combat battle with the Extreme Branch. The Planetary realm was in despair and was risking their lives. Even if Xu Tui saved them in time, it would be good enough if they could survive.

As for the others, they were all injured. Even Ruan Tianzuo was injured.

Thirty seconds later, they encountered the sixth team.

“Countdown: one minute and ten seconds.”

The moment he shouted this, Xu Tui suddenly disappeared. He teleported and appeared at the front of the enemy.

The moment he appeared, he took a step forward. A circle of blue frost suddenly exploded in all directions with Xu Tui at the center. However, under his control, he mainly targeted the enemy opposite him.

Frost Nova!

This was a relatively rare group attack supernatural ability. Most of the time, it was not very useful because it could not threaten high-level Planetary realm powerhouses. However, it was very useful in this environment. Wherever the Frost Nova passed, the quasi-planetary experts of the sixth Spiritual Race team were all sealed by ice.

Although such a group attack of the Frost Nova could not kill them, it could restrict their movements and prevent them from breaking free for a few seconds or even more than ten seconds.

The 15 Planetary realms were affected by the Frost Nova to varying degrees according to their cultivation level. As long as they were below the Five

Satellites, they would definitely be affected.

The leader was also a Seven Satellites Planetary realm. When he saw this scene, his fear and anger were indescribable.

30 quasi-planets would probably be finished just like that.

“Despicable!” He had no time to scold anyone else after he cursed.

The massacre of the quasi-planetary experts by the Worldly Expeditionary Force had already begun. The firebird controlled by Wen Shao had already incinerated four people in an instant. It was still ongoing. As for himself, he died on the spot three seconds later.

Twenty-eight seconds!

This time, Xu Tui’s AOE attack had killed this wave of enemies in 28 hours.

Xu Tui’s mind power had already dropped to 40%.

“Let’s go!”

Although he could not see the enemy behind the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui could vaguely sense a very majestic aura chasing after him at high speed.

At the very least, it was the Eight Satellites. Moreover, he should have sensed the energy fluctuations from the battle just now and accelerated to chase after him.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun had already led the way at the speed of light.

Thirty-five seconds later, everyone arrived at the place where Ullr and Wen Xinglun had stopped.

“The cosmic tunnel node is here.”

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone’s expressions changed. They had not finished looking at the enemies behind them, but they had already seen the enemies in front of them. At this distance, they would be able to reach here in ten seconds at most.

“Ullr, Wen Xinglun, three three-phase thermal bombs. Explode in eight, five, and three seconds! The rest of you, enter! ”

As he spoke, Xu Tui was the first to step into the cosmic tunnel node with the Vajra Barrier. This cosmic tunnel node was the target planet of Xu Tui and the others this time, Planet 677 of the Northern Star Field.

It was a relatively important transit planet. It was also a planet that could jump out of the Northern Star Field.

Xu Tui and the others stepped into the node of the cosmic tunnel and instantly entered the cosmic tunnel defense fortress of Planet 677.

The moment he entered, the alarm of the Defense fortress rang ear-piercingly.

The safety door had already been lowered.

Automatic Defense Arms were fired at everyone. There were also at least six supernatural beings of the Planetary realm outside the safety door. They blasted at Xu Tui and the others in the defense fortress through specially-made mind power transmission equipment.

“Lavis, Little Six, withstand all the firepower and hold on for ten seconds.

Xiaoxue, break the door!”

Almost instantly, Little Six, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Carillo, Lally, Lang Zong, and Bing Xiu formed an energy array under Little Six’s command and resisted the firepower of the Defense Tunnel.

Although the Seven Satellites Guards had the strength of the Seven Satellites, it was already good enough that they had the combat strength of the Six Satellites. But once they formed an energy array, their defense and lethality would increase greatly.

Especially its defense.

The firepower from the Defense Base and the attacks of the other superb individuals all landed on Little Six and the others.

However, the others were not idle either. All the superb individuals who could launch long-range attacks were not stingy with their strength. They used all their strength to snipe the enemy’s firepower. At the same time, they poured all their firepower onto the safety door.

As for the heavy responsibility of breaking the safety door, it was handed over to An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash could ignore physical defense. No matter how hard the safety door was, it was like tofu in front of An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash.

Outside the cosmic tunnel, a Planetary realm search team of the Spiritual Race also arrived near the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 677.

As soon as they arrived, flames and energy shockwaves sounded at the same time. With the explosion as the center, a radius of five kilometers was filled.

The captain of the Spiritual Race’s search team who had led the team over did not want to waste any time. He forcefully charged into the explosive impact circle of the three-phase thermal bomb.

He had thought that he, an Eight Satellites, could forcefully charge in with just a three-phase thermal explosive.

However, he had just led the team less than a kilometer in when a second flame exploded in the universe. While the Eight Satellites was shocked, he unleashed his full strength and blocked the flames and shockwave, but he did not take half a step back.

This was a mission given by the main elder, Mu Sheng. It would be a great contribution if they could catch the whereabouts of this Blue Star rat team.

However, three seconds later, the third flame suddenly exploded.

This time, this captain of the search team could no longer hold on. Blood flew out of his mouth as he was sent flying. Without his strength to block, the team members behind him were also sent flying by the shockwave of the violent three-phase thermal bomb.

On the other side of the cosmic tunnel, another planetary team of the Spiritual Race could only temporarily defend their spot when they saw the terrifying and violent energy fluctuations in front of them. They waited for the energy shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb to gradually dissipate.

It was already 30 seconds later when the violent energy shockwave spread out enough to rush in.

50 seconds later, the two search teams gathered into one. The two Eight Satellites used their strongest defense. Then, they brought two Seven Satellites and four Six Satellites and rushed into the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 677.

They did this to guard against being ambushed.

Of course there was an ambush. However, this ambush was followed by the explosions of three-phase thermal bombs. The leader instantly sensed ten three-phase thermal bombs with his mind power.

The power of ten three-phase thermal bombs exploding at the same time… In the next moment, the Spiritual Race team that had just entered the node of the cosmic tunnel fled again at an unprecedented speed. The two Seven Satellites were a step slower. By the time they escaped back into the cosmic tunnel, one of them spat out blood, while the other had already lost half of his body.

The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race teams looked at each other with hatred.

This Blue Star rat team was too vicious.

In less than two minutes, three more teams arrived. However, no one dared to charge forward.

Suddenly, in the commotion at the back of the team, someone shouted, “The

Lord Elder is here.. The Lord Elder of the 13th main seat is here!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1