Chapter 1667 - 1667: The First Step Home Success And The Major Event Of The Solar System (2)

Chapter 1667 - 1667: The First Step Home Success and the Major Event of the Solar System (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Understood.”

After ending the communication, Feng Qihan looked at the Star Field diagram around Asteroid 399 in the west with a frown.

The difficulty of encircling and suppressing them was greater than he had imagined.

Asteroid 399 did not have a cosmic tunnel node. Even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm would need ten days to fly in space. According to the current situation, they could mobilize two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts to this asteroid in a day.

But that was not enough.

They need at least three Nine Satellites. It would take two days or even more to gather their forces. The fastest time was 12 days. If it was surrounding ordinary space pirates, they could afford to wait a month. But 12 days is too long for this Blue Star army.

There were too many variables in three to five days, let alone 12 days.

Of course, it was not as if there was no way. There were countless capable people and supernatural beings in the Spiritual Race. Some abilities could also shorten the distance between space and time.

For example, although there were not many people in the Great Elder’s lineage, most of them were good at mysterious void abilities. This was also the reason why Great Elder Xu Yi could stabilize his position as the Great Elder.

Originally, he could have asked the external elders of the Void lineage to take action and greatly shorten the encirclement time. But now, it was clearly impossible.

If the Void lineage knew about the relevant information, this benefit would definitely belong to the Great Elder. It would not be their turn. In other words, Mu Sheng must have thought of this too. However, he did not want the Sanctuary to ask for help and use the elders of the Void lineage. He also considered this.

Under such circumstances, he had to come up with an extremely safe encirclement plan. He had to consider all the changes.

For example, this Blue Star army had fled Asteroid 399 midway. In that case, he would have to mobilize a large number of troops. While he was thinking, Feng Qihan, the commander of the Western Star Field Military District, slowly made a decision.

In the defense base of Asteroid 399, a bolt of lightning suddenly exploded. The figure of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, fell from the lightning. After falling, Ullr collapsed to the ground without any regard for his image. He panted heavily at Xu Tui.

“Commander Xu, my mind power is less than 5%. If you give me any more

missions now, I can consider that you are murdering me.” After saying that, Ullr panted heavily as he looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui scanned Ullr with his mind power. He narrowed his eyes slightly.

Ullr was extremely cunning. His mind power had indeed dropped drastically, but it was definitely not just 5%. It should be 20%. He must be deliberately testing him.

In Xu Tui’s mental perception, Ullr’s connection with the power in the surrounding void was faintly discernible. If Xu Tui or anyone else made any abnormal movements, Ullr would definitely be able to activate his ability to escape immediately.

Of course, he did not expose him.

“You’ve worked hard. The second quantum teleportation channel has been completely destroyed, right?”

“It’s completely destroyed.”

“Alright, then hurry up and recover your mind power. This place is only temporarily safe. ”

After obtaining this reply, Ullr was relieved. However, it was obvious that he had not relaxed his vigilance.

Thirty seconds later, another bolt of lightning flashed. Wen Xinglun had also returned.

“Commander, all the enemies in the second quantum teleportation channel have been killed. Are there any other missions?” Wen Xinglun asked.

“Hurry up and recover.”

Ten minutes later, as the void trembled slightly, Yan Lie returned to the Defense Base of Asteroid 399.

“Commander, I’ve been lurking in the second quantum teleportation channel base for 15 minutes, but I didn’t find any hidden enemies.”

“Okay, hurry up and recover.”

Xu Tui could sense that Yan Lie had really reached his limit. After receiving Xu Tui’s orders, Yan Lie found a place and lay on the ground. He fell into a deep sleep.

Sleep was the most efficient way to recover his mind power and stamina.

Xu Tui’s mind power force field expanded slightly and absorbed the sleeping Yan Lie, Wen Xinglun, and the others into the force field. Then, the force field gently touched Ruan Tianzuo.

This fellow was also a smart person. He knew Xu Tui’s intentions and immediately told Xu Tui that there were no problems through the communication of mind power. He had enjoyed the benefits of Xu Tui’s mind power force field.

“Ah Huang, monitor the movements of the civilians on the entire planet through the civilian quantum intelligence network of Asteroid 399. If a small number of civilians approached, they would be killed by Little Six and the others. If a large number of civilians approach, I authorize you to use a drone to shoot three-phase thermal bombs to kill them,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

Xu Tui had given this order to Ah Huang through mental communication. There were hundreds of Spiritual Race cities of all sizes on Asteroid 399. Xu Tui did not have the ability to massacre the planet even if he wanted to. However, the situation of their capture of the planet’s Defense Base could not be hidden.

Xu Tui would not show any mercy if a civilian of the Spiritual Race dared to cause trouble and kill tens of thousands of them.

“Little Six, I’ll leave the defense to you. Inform me immediately if there are any emergencies that you can’t handle.”

From Asteroid 1142 to Asteroid 1012, the Worldly Expeditionary Force had been fighting a bloody battle. First, they fought their way into the cosmic tunnel from Asteroid 1012. After a series of bloody battles in the cosmic tunnel, they fought their way into Asteroid 677, Asteroid 433, and now, Asteroid 399. The expeditionary army had fought more than ten battles in a row.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1