Chapter 1662 - 1662 The Angry Gaze Of The Main Elder

Chapter 1662 - 1662 The Angry Gaze of the Main Elder

In just 12 seconds, a hole was dug out.

There was no suspense after that. Xu Tui teleported out. There were only six Planetary realm experts in the cosmic tunnel’s defense fortress. The highest was the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

There was no doubt that he would be killed in five seconds.

“Yang Huai, countdown of 10 three-phase thermal explosions. Activate the chain structures and blow up this Defense Base.”

Yang Huai was from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College. He was more than half an expert in the area of explosives.

Ah Huang had already sent over the structural map of the Defense Fortress. In less than five seconds, Xu Tui led everyone out of the Defense fortress.

Killing his way into Asteroid 677 from the cosmic tunnel did not mean safety. On the contrary, it was just a relay point. The bitter battle had to continue.

“Asteroid 677 has a total of three quantum teleportation tunnels. Our target is its third quantum teleportation tunnel. This quantum teleportation tunnel can lead to another asteroid. Next, the command will be handed over to the vice-captain, An Xiaoxue. She will command you to head to the third quantum teleportation channel on this planet.

“Ullr, Wen Xinglun, and I would first occupy the third quantum teleportation channel. If I encounter the Nine Satellites Planetary realm on the way, I’ll fight while retreating, I will return in the shortest time possible.

“Of course, according to the intelligence, there are no Nine Satellites Planetary realm on this asteroid.”

Xu Tui sent these words to all the communication devices through information. The communication device did not have a network, but Ah Huang had established an intranet that was convenient to contact.

At this moment, the Worldly Expeditionary Force was still racing against time.

Every second counted.

When everyone saw the notification, Xu Tui, Ullr, and Wen Xinglun had already disappeared into the distance.

The severely injured were carried by Yin Ba. The slightly injured were flying at high speed. All of them were panting and absorbing and recovering their energy. Under An Xiaoxue’s lead, they flew towards the third quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 677.

Nearly a minute after they flew away, the cosmic tunnel Defense Fortress behind them shook and turned into ruins.

Actually, it was no longer in ruins. The continuous high temperature and energy shockwave melted the ruins into something that was almost semi-fluid. Then, it slowly crystallized again. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had extravagantly used 10 three-phase thermal bombs. It was also to buy time.

Why was it called extravagant?

Xu Tui had brought many three-phase thermal bombs with him during the expedition. Moreover, he had always had the habit of bringing three-phase thermal bombs. However, no one expected that the expedition to Planet X in the discrete disk area would become an expedition to Planet Y in the Milky Way.

Under such circumstances, the number of three-phase thermal bombs he brought decreased.

As long as he did not return to the solar system, he would not be able to replenish his supply. The more he used it, the less he could replenish it.

It was a luxury to use 10 at once today.

…

At the node of the cosmic tunnel of Asteroid 677, the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng, and his confidential chief, Mu Zhengyue, were standing at the node of the tunnel. The commander of the Northern Star Field Military District, Huo Xiao, had a gloomy expression.

There were already more than 100 Planetary realm powerhouses gathered in the cosmic tunnel behind them. There were more than 200 quasi-planetary powerhouses.

With such a powerful lineup and an elder who surpassed the Nine Satellites, it would not be a problem for them to sweep through the Blue Star.

But now, they were blocked at the node of the cosmic passageway in front of them and could not enter.

“Sir, the explosion inside is very powerful. It caused a little fluctuation at the node of the cosmic tunnel. It might take about two minutes to calm down before we could pass,” Mu Zhengyue said.

“So what if we give them two minutes?”

The 13th main elder, Mu Sheng, was full of confidence. They had already caught the tail of the Blue Star’s enemy. They had escaped into the asteroid in front of them. Their whereabouts had been discovered and they were not far from being captured.

Moreover, he had already used the Ling Inquiry Disk to urgently contact Big Bear Star. Big Bear Star relayed the message layer by layer through emergency communication and ordered Asteroid 677 to close all quantum teleportation channels.

Once all the quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 677 were closed, there would only be two ways for the Blue Star rats. One was to wait for death, and the other was to escape into the universe.

However, escaping into the universe was no different from waiting for death.

With the strength of the Nine Satellites and him, a super Nine Satellites, they would definitely be able to catch up to the distance they ran in a few minutes.

It could be said that victory was within his grasp.

The cosmic tunnel was extremely strong. Up until now, known experts of the Small Universe could cause a certain amount of damage to the cosmic tunnel. However, these damages were only superficial damage. After a certain period of time, the damage to the cosmic tunnel would be restored under the power of time.

In comparison, the turbulence caused by the 10 three-phase thermal bombs to the nodes of the cosmic tunnel was not worth mentioning.

Two minutes later, it had completely recovered.

Mu Zhengyue, who was at the mid-stage of the Nine Satellites, was the first to enter. If the main elder, Mu Sheng, was the first to enter, he, Mu Zhengyue, would be unemployed.

However, Mu Zhengyue had just rushed into the node of the cosmic tunnel for less than a second when he instantly retreated. He looked a little disheveled, and his clothes were on fire.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1