Chapter 1664 - 1664: The True Value Of The Blue Star Force (2)

Chapter 1664 - 1664: The True Value of the Blue Star Force (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was also the reason why Xu Tui had carefully planned to travel hundreds of millions of miles through the cosmic tunnel.

Although the asteroid, Asteroid 433, in the west of the Spiritual Race could become a staged destination, it was not the staged destination that Xu Tui had planned.

Xu Tui planned to take a gamble next.

Of course, it was not a gamble of luck. It was a gamble that the internal organization of the Spiritual Race was bloated and the news was not delivered in time. In any empire, when the territory was large to a certain extent, the internal organizations would inevitably become bloated. The efficiency of many things would slow down.

The current ruling territory of the Spiritual Race was unimaginable if the Blue Star was used as a basic reference. Then, there was definitely a bloated organization within the Spiritual Race.

Previously, he had already discovered this in the Northern Star Field.

What about the Spiritual Race’s Western Star Field?

There would definitely be.

Moreover, according to Xu Tui’s judgment, the bloated nature of the organization and the lag of the news would only be more serious than the Northern Star Field.

Currently, the information he had obtained was that among the five Star Fields of the Spiritual Race, the Central, Eastern, Western, Southern, and Northern, the Southern Star Field bordered the Great Xi Clan. There were constant wars all year round. The Eastern Star Field bordered a portion of the Northern Star Field and the Muyas. There were also constant conflicts.

On the other hand, the Central Star Field and the Western Star Field were the most peaceful.

The Western Star Field was a very comfortable Star Field within the Spiritual Race. Whether it was humans or organizations, once they became comfortable, they would definitely welcome laziness and less vigilance.

Xu Tui wanted to use this point to fight for more space in the future. He had also considered the fact that the person who dealt with this matter was an elder of the Spiritual Race. With the words of the main elder of the Sanctuary, the highest authority of the Spiritual Race, the power of the Western Star Field should be mobilized very quickly.

However, Xu Tui only needed about half an hour. He would be able to complete the basic arrangements in half an hour. Due to the vastness of the Star Field and the incomparably vast starry sky, communication always required time.

Spiritual Race, the main planet of the Western Star Field, Planet Silver Ship.

The commander of the Western Star Field Military District, Feng Qihan, was inspecting his troops in the Silver Ship Star Military District.

The Western Star Field had been peaceful for a long time, but the commander of the military, Feng Qihan, was not a useless person. Because he originated from the military, he still maintained a good military style.

Therefore, the training was extremely tight. This was especially so for the troops directly under the Western Star Field Military District. Their training was extremely tight. As the commander of the military, Feng Qihan would even participate in the training himself.

“Today’s drill will still start with actual combat. I will personally supervise the battle. If anyone dares to perform for me, I will use them to perform on the spot!” Feng Qihan floated in the air and made the final mobilization of the 5,000-strong troops participating in the drill.

There were two types of troops in the Spiritual Race. One was a local security team, and the other was a regular combat team that fought Star Warriors.

The local security forces targeted the internal affairs. They were mainly at the Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm. It was already good enough that they had a Planetary realm leader. There were an extremely large number of them. Each planet had more than 100,000 people. At the same time, they were also the backup camp of the Star Warriors.

There were not many regular combat troops that belonged to the Star Field Military District. It was because the Star Warriors were mainly in the Transmutation Realm, quasi-planetary realm, and Planetary realm.

Once they faced a real war, the Transmutation Realm of the Star Warriors would often appear as a logistics team. The people participating in the battle were mainly quasi-planetary and Planetary realm.

At this moment, Feng Qihan was training the elites directly under the Western Star Field.

There was a battle drill once a month. Although it was peaceful, the battle could not be crippled. This was Feng Qihan’s slogan. It was also one of the reasons why Feng Qihan could become the commander of the Western Star Field Military District.

Not long after the actual combat drill began, Feng Qihan’s body was like a green light as he continuously wandered around the entire battlefield to observe the situation. He was not joking when he said that he was going to perform using those guys.

His communication device rang at this moment. This made Feng Qihan frown. It was a communication from his chief of staff, Feng Zidao. Under normal circumstances, Feng Zidao would not dare to disturb him during actual combat training. Feng Qihan also hated this situation.

So there might be an emergency.

Frowning, Feng Qihan chose to answer the call.

“Commander, the Sanctuary Elder on duty, Lord Mu Sheng, is requesting for an emergency communication. He wants you to answer it personally,” Chief of Staff Feng Zidao said.

Elder Mu Sheng?

Feng Qihan frowned, thinking about the possibilities of Mu Sheng looking for him. In terms of faction, he was not close to the 13th main elder, Mu Sheng.

Behind him stood the other two main elders. However, he could not ignore Mu Sheng’s status as the main elder.

“Tell him that I’m in the middle of a military drill and can’t leave the battlefield for the time being to listen to Elder Mu Sheng’s instructions. If there are any indicators, please ask Elder Mu Sheng to give me his instructions.” Feng

Qihan’s actions were sharp, but his personality was not sharp at all.

A minute later, Chief of Staff Feng Zidao’s communication device rang again. Just as he picked it up, Feng Zidao’s anxious voice sounded.

“Commander, Elder Mu Sheng said that a team of about 20 Blue Star rats that they are besieging in the Northern Star Field has already escaped into the Western Star Field, Asteroid 433 through Asteroid 677..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1