Chapter 1676 - 1676: The Nearly 100% Longevity Emperor Seal Of The South Pole (2)

Chapter 1676 - 1676: The Nearly 100% Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Mu Sheng’s words made Feng Qihan speechless. “Alright, we’ll do as you say, Elder.”

Feng Qihan could not withstand the crime of the Sanctuary. Even the sixth main elder behind him, Feng Ye, could not withstand it. Therefore, Feng Qihan immediately contacted Feng Ye.

“Mu Sheng is anxious! It looks like the Great Elder’s words yesterday scared him. He’s going to take down the Blue Star Expeditionary Force at all costs,” Feng Ye said.

“Uncle, what about us? If we let Mu Sheng continue to gather his forces, he will have a lot of people. Our advantage will be gone.

“Should we trip him up?” Feng Qihan asked carefully.

“I can’t.” Feng Ye rejected him immediately. “The Great Elder has already raised the Holy Ancestor’s holy decree for this Sanctuary meeting. We must not trip him up. We have to cooperate fully. Otherwise, if that old ghost Mu Sheng discovers that something is wrong, he will drag you down.”

“But the ability of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force…”

“I’ll mobilize my forces again! If possible, I’ll make a trip personally,” Feng Ye said.

“That’s great.” Feng Qihan was overjoyed. His uncle Feng Ye’s strength had broken through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm for many years. Although he had not formed a small universe, his strength was undoubtedly very powerful.

Feng Ye was a wind-element supernatural being, if he came over, it would not be an exaggeration to say that he was equivalent to ten Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Time quickly passed under the Spiritual Race’s respective schemes. In the blink of an eye, it was December 24, 2141.

It had been 16 days since the Worldly Expeditionary Force left Asteroid 392. Among the four planets that Feng Qihan and Mu Sheng had chosen previously, the furthest planet was only 18 days long.

In other words, if their judgment was correct, this group of Blue Star rats would launch a surprise attack on Asteroid 389 in two to three days at most.

However, if his prediction was wrong…

“Are there any abnormalities on the surrounding planets?” Mu Sheng could no longer sit still. If his prediction was wrong, then the half a month of waiting would be completely wasted. It was equivalent to giving the enemy more than half a month to escape. It would be difficult to chase after them.

“Don’t worry, Elder. Other than the four planets that we predicted, we organized two encirclement circles. The army is steadily searching and advancing from 35 to 20 days away from Asteroid 392.

“Even if they did not come here, they would be able to discover their tracks in three to five days at most. As long as we discover their whereabouts, we will definitely capture them in one net!” Feng Qihan said.

While Mu Sheng and Feng Qihan were looking forward to it and anxious, none of them expected that the Worldly Expeditionary Force led by Xu Tui was already inside one of their asteroids.

Asteroid 407.

It was an asteroid that was 29 days away from Asteroid 392.

Xu Tui and the others had arrived yesterday, on December 23rd. In theory, it only took half a month. Of course, they did not fly for half a month. Instead, they used a more composite method to travel for half a month. Other than normal flying, the one who contributed the most was Lavis.

When Lavis was first captured by Xu Tui, he was the commander of the Great Xi Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force. He held an intermediate military position within the Great Xi Clan. In the Great Xi Clan, only experts who had mastered the ability to jump could hold positions like Hundred Leap, Thousand Leap, Executive Officer, and executive.

When he was captured, Lavis could use the short-range jump and long-range jump of the Great Xi Clan. At that time, it was limited by his cultivation. The number and distance he could bring with him during the jump were relatively short.

Long-range jumps required the cooperation of a quark particle jumper. But under Xu Tui now, especially after he obtained the body of an ancient expert of the Great Xi Clan from the Fuqiang asteroid, coupled with his extremely good cultivation conditions, his cultivation had already broken through to the Six Satellites.

In terms of cultivation, he was even stronger than Executive Günter.

Naturally, his short-range jump ability also advanced by leaps and bounds. It would not be a problem for him to bring hundreds of people with a cultivation level lower than his to undergo a short-range jump.

In the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force, only Xu Tui, Ullr, and Ruan Tianzuo had a higher cultivation level than Lavis.

In the end, after many attempts, Xu Tui realized that if he used the main planet force field to cooperate with Lavis, he could reduce the burden of Lavis’ warp and bring Ruan Tianzuo and him along.

Ullr’s cultivation level was as high as the Eight Satellites. He could not bring him along no matter what. However, after Xu Tui discussed with Ullr, he let Ullr travel alone. In the end, Ullr agreed. In theory, if Ullr traveled alone, even if he encountered two or three Nine Satellites Planetary realm, it was impossible for Ullr to be caught up unless he was a lightning-type Nine Satellites.

Just like that, the Worldly Expeditionary Force underwent an extraordinary march.

As for the four asteroids around Asteroid 392, they did not consider attacking them at all. Wouldn’t that be digging into the enemy’s arms?

The distance of Lavis’ previous short-range point-like jump was about

300,000 kilometers at a time. Now that he had broken through to the Six Satellites, the distance of his jump-like jump could reach a million kilometers at once.

A jump was equivalent to flying at full speed for six hours.

However, bringing so many people consumed a lot of energy. After using it twice in a row, the energy in his body was depleted..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1