Chapter 1679 - 1679: Pursuing The Enemy Personally (2)

Chapter 1679 - 1679: Pursuing the Enemy Personally (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“If this continued, when would it end? Calculate how long it will take for me or you to bring a lightning-type Nine Satellites Planetary realm to run at full speed.”

Mu Sheng’s cultivation had already broken through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

In the understanding of ordinary people, above the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was the powerhouse who created a Small Universe. However, how difficult was it to create a small universe?

In the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary, there were experts who had surpassed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. All the main elders were, as well as an extremely small number of Sanctuary elders. However, there might only be one or two true experts who had created the Small Universe.

For example, Great Elder Xu Yi was the existence closest to the Holy Ancestor. It was said that he had formed a Small Universe a hundred years ago. However, in the past hundred years, there had never been a battle in the Spiritual Race that required the Great Elder of the Sanctuary to take action.

Therefore, no one knew if the Great Elder of the Sanctuary, Xu Yi, had formed a small universe. However, there was a transition realm between the Nine Satellites Planetary realm and the Small Universe.

This transition realm was a little similar to the quasi-planetary realm between the Transmutation Realm and the Planetary realm.

The transition realm between the Nine Satellites Planetary realm and the Small

Universe was called the Nebula Realm.

However, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm did not talk about this.

This was because in the Spiritual Race’s theory, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm could also directly form a small universe. After breaking through from the Nine Satellites Planetary realm to the Nebula Realm, it could also form a

Small Universe.

However, in the history of the Spiritual Race, a few experts who formed small universes had all broken through from the Nebula Realm.

Therefore, the Sanctuary had an unwritten rule. Only by breaking through the barrier of the Nine Satellites and reaching the Nebula Realm could one be promoted to the main elder.

Previously, the 15th main elder, Shui Zhi, had been sent to the solar system for an expedition. Due to his powerful cultivation, he could not pass through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel and crippled his cultivation. In reality, he had fallen from the Nebula Realm to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

In fact, it was easy to fall from the Nebula Realm to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

However, someone would die if they fell from the Small Universe Realm to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. But then again, although it was a transition realm, the combat strength of the main elders at the Nebula Realm was definitely stronger than the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

It was a problem for Mu Sheng to fight three Nine Satellites at once, but it was definitely not a problem for him to fight two at once. If he managed it well and had more expendable treasures in his hands, he could fight three at once.

That was why Mu Sheng said that at this moment.

Hearing Mu Sheng’s words, Feng Qihan had a solemn expression. He carefully asked the staff team under him to make a precise estimate. Ten minutes later, they gave an answer.

“If Elder goes alone and disregards the consumption along the way, you will be able to reach Asteroid 421 in six days. If you brought a lightning-type supernatural being along, it would take at least seven days to arrive regardless of the consumption,” Feng Qihan said.

“Six days and seven days. I have some methods. If I use them, I should be able to reach Asteroid 421 in five days,” Mu Sheng said.

Feng Qihan glanced at Mu Sheng and roughly understood. The 13th main seat elder was really anxious. He was so anxious that he had to fight at all costs. Of course, it was mainly because if this continued, he would not be able to withstand the consequences of the Sanctuary’s crimes.

“The chances of winning… are hard to say! The enemy has the ability to kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, which means that they have the ability to hurt the elder. However, whether they can hurt the elder depends on the situation before the battle,” Feng Qihan said.

Hearing this, Mu Sheng pondered for a full two minutes. Then, he took a deep breath and said, “Alright, I’ve decided!”

Everyone in the meeting hall looked at Mu Sheng.

“I’ve decided to chase after the enemy personally. We’ll set off in half an hour.”

“Elder!” Mu Sheng’s confidential chief, Mu Zheng, became more and more anxious. “Elder, how can I let you take the risk personally? Let me replace you to chase after the enemy.”

“Can you reach Asteroid 1+21 in five days?” Mu Sheng asked. Mu Zhengyue was tongue-tied. “Alright, listen to my arrangements next. I’ll chase after the enemy at all costs in half an hour. Commander Feng, bring another lightning-type supernatural being of the Nine Satellites and set off immediately. We have to reach the vicinity of Asteroid 421 within seven days in case I miss. We had to fight for this time difference. Otherwise, we would never be able to catch up to the enemy!” Mu Sheng was extremely decisive.

After hesitating for a second, Feng Qihan agreed. There were also benefits to chasing after the enemy personally. If he caught up to the enemy, the secret of multiple people passing through the quantum teleportation channel on the Blue Star enemy would fall into his hands.

“Okay, what about the encirclement?”

“The normal encirclement and suppression matters will be handed over to Huo Xiao. After arranging the combat troops of your Western Star Field, I’ll hand them over to Huo Xiao to contact and command.

“Get the other Nine Satellites Planetary realm that had been transferred from the Sanctuary to rush to the planet around Asteroid 421 at full speed. This time, we have to succeed! We don’t have much time left!” Mu Sheng had a cold expression.

“Don’t worry, Elder. Including the Nine Satellites Planetary realm that we can reach in the next two days, we have gathered 16 Nine Satellites Planetary realms in this battle. Coupled with the fact that the Elder is personally chasing after the enemy, we will definitely be able to achieve one battle merits!” Feng Qihan said.

Mu Sheng nodded gently. “We have to go all out in this battle. Arrange for battle matters immediately. I’ll go and prepare. We’ll set off at the same time in half an hour.”

“No problem! But I will temporarily hand over the command matters to my chief of staff, Feng Zidao for our Western Star Field. If Commander Huo has any orders, just give them to him. If anything happens, Feng Zidao will report it to Commander Huo immediately,” Feng Qihan said.

“Sure.” Mu Sheng knew very well that the command of the Western Star Field’s military district would definitely not be handed over to Huo Xiao. This was Feng Qihan’s bottom line, so he agreed readily.

After half an hour of emergency arrangements and preparations, Feng Qihan did not arrive at the location as scheduled. Before setting off, Feng Qihan urgently contacted the sixth main elder, Feng Ye, and reported all the situation.

“What? Mu Sheng actually wants to chase after the enemy at all costs?” Other than being shocked, Feng Ye immediately understood. “That’s true. Under the pressure of the Sanctuary, I would also chase after the enemy personally. However, in that case, the possibility of Mu Sheng capturing the enemy of the

Blue Star and obtaining that technology or ability will increase greatly.”

After considering it for a moment, the sixth elder, Feng Ye, immediately made a decision. “Qihan, set off as scheduled. Get the four Nine Satellites I sent over to participate in the battle secretly. I will also go through the cosmic tunnel and personally chase after the enemy!”

“What? Uncle, you want to chase after the enemy yourself?” Feng Qihan exclaimed.

“That’s right. If I don’t go, then there’s a high chance that the secret of the enemies of the Blue Star will fall into Mu Sheng’s hands. If it falls into Mu Sheng’s hands and he hands it over to the Great Elder, it will have nothing to do with us. Therefore, I have to fight for it,” Feng Ye said.

“Then how should I cooperate with you in time?” Qihan Feng asked.

Hearing this, Feng Ye shook his head. “I don’t need your cooperation for the time being. You just need to forward the information from the frontline to me immediately. As for the time difference, I’m a wind-type supernatural being at the Nebula Realm, and I’m a veteran. If Mu Sheng can arrive within five days, I’ll definitely be able to arrive at Asteroid 421 within four days, ” Feng Ye said.

“Four days!” Feng Qihan was overjoyed when he heard that. “Uncle, according to the habits of the Blue Star’s enemies, they usually rest for three to five days after capturing an asteroid like 421 that had its quantum teleportation channel destroyed.

“If you can reach Asteroid 421 in four days, there’s a high chance that you can catch up to the Blue Star invaders and contribute!” As he spoke, Feng Qihan’s words were filled with indescribable fondness.

“Yes, I’ll try my best. Perhaps I’ll be able to arrive in a little after three days!” Feng Ye said.

“That’s great.” Feng Qihan was overjoyed. “Uncle, I’ll set off first. Mu Sheng is anxious.”

“Go, I’ll get ready. I’ll set off in half an hour!” Feng Ye said.

On December 28, 2141, the Western and Northern Star Field armies of the Spiritual Race, led by the main elder, Mu Sheng, began their third siege on the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

There were 20 Nine Satellites Planetary realm participants in this encirclement. What was unknown was that there were also two main elders in the Nebula Realm who participated in the siege..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1