Chapter 1671 - 1671: The Major Traffic Tunnel To The Solar System (3)

Chapter 1671 - 1671: The Major Traffic Tunnel to the Solar System (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were hundreds of billions of creatures!

After a while, Pope Qiao An suddenly said with a trembling voice, “No!

Absolutely not! Although these slaves are slaves, they are also believers of the Lord and the spreaders of the Lord’s glory.

“All of you know this. If it was reduced by hundreds of billions at once, the Lord would definitely sense it. At that time, I’m afraid that the Lord’s divine punishment will have arrived before we can find the hole in the fire screen!”

“This won’t do. That won’t do either. So we’ll just sit here and wait for the divine punishment to descend! Then, we’ll get someone else to take our place?” Degushara became anxious.

“No!” Pope Qiao An shook her head firmlyu She suddenly asked, “Monet, do you have any information about the Great Xi Clan in the solar system?”

“The last information is that the Great Xi Clan has withdrawn from Ceres Star.

Their whereabouts are unknown.”

As soon as he said that, Qiao An’s eyes lit up. “In that case, the Great Xi Clan still has troops in the solar system.”

“Even so, it’s still very weak.”

“It’s good to be weak.” Pope Qiao An’s expression suddenly became relaxed, “If the power of the Great Xi Clan in the solar system becomes very weak, they will face the same predicament as us. Then our two families have the possibility of working together.

“Monet, contact the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan immediately. I want to talk to him directly,” Qiao An said.

Monet stood up. “Honorable Pope, as you wish, but it will take at least three days to establish a direct call.”

“Sure.”

Whether it was the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, or the Muyas, the higher-ups actually established a communication mechanism. However, it was more difficult to build it and they usually did not contact each other.

This time, under the urgent request of Pope Qiao An, or perhaps the Great Xi Clan had the same needs, the two races used the relevant abilities of their respective races to set up an instant communication for the two highest decision makers in less than three days.

As for the huge price they had to pay, it was nothing compared to the huge size of the two races.

On November 21, 2141, the Muya Pope, Qiao An, had a direct call with the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi. They exchanged relevant information. The impact on the situation in the solar system was also extremely far-reaching.

“Sir Qiao An, with all due respect, we can’t determine if your information is accurate for the time being. If it’s as you say, the Spiritual Race might really be able to sweep through the solar system.

“Although we have suffered heavy losses in the solar system, we still have the executive of the Nine Satellites. We should be able to split it.

“Therefore, I can’t agree to your suggestion that both sides use a large number of civilians to consume the power of the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen. That loss is too great,” Lu Qi said.

“LordLu Qi, I’ve also heard about the enlightenment of your Father. If the Spiritual Race obtains everything about the ancient god race, your Father will probably be very angry, right? The supreme Lord of my race said that there is a possibility that our Muya God Race and your Great Xi Clan can coexist.

However, the Spiritual Race…”

Qiao An’s words were a little obscure, but Lu Qi already understood.

“Lord Qiao An, I understand what you mean. Therefore, I’m bringing another plan to communicate with you today. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have spoken to you so quickly,” Lu Qi said.

“Another plan? What plan?” Qiao An asked.

“The plan to let us kill our way into the solar system!”

“Kill our way into the solar system?”

“Yes.”

“I don’t quite understand. Currently, other than passing through the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen, what other tunnel can we enter the solar system? There shouldn’t be any more such tunnels, right?” Qiao An was puzzled.

“Indeed not before this. But now, there was another one! However, opening this tunnel requires a massive amount of power. I’m afraid our Great Xi Clan can’t afford it, so we specially came to invite Lord Qiao An to participate in this plan,” Lu Qi said.

Qiao An was stunned. “We have to consume a massive amount of power? This is no different from my previous plan, right?”

“There is! Once my plan succeeds, I can establish a permanent large-flow channel that leads directly to the solar system. It’s not a problem for them to pass through a million-strong army!” Lu Qi said.

“I’d like to hear the details!” Qiao An was stunned and looked forward to it.

“Of course! For the time being though, we still need Lord Qiao An to keep it a secret. Before this plan begins, all the preparations have to be carried out in secret,” the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, said.

“I understand.”

In the next moment, the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan suddenly changed to another encrypted communication method that the two sides had previously agreed on and told Pope Qiao An his basic plan.

After hearing this, Pope Qiao An was stunned. “Are you serious?”

“Yes! Moreover, our race has already begun to transfer our forces! At that time, as long as this fixed tunnel is opened, the Spiritual Race will have nothing to do with the solar system.” Lu Qi smiled and said, “Sir Qiao An, what do you think?”

“Of course it’s… cooperation!”

In the next moment, Qiao An and Lu Qi laughed at the same time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1