Chapter 1670 - 1670: The Major Traffic Tunnel To The Solar System (2)

Chapter 1670 - 1670: The Major Traffic Tunnel to the Solar System (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s impossible to start a full-scale war on the Spiritual Race. Not only would this violate the Lord’s holy decree, but it would also be useless to the situation in the solar system. It would also be impossible to stop the Spiritual Race from sweeping through the solar system.” Pope Qiao An was the first to reject one of their suggestions.

“Your Holiness, the only effective way to stop the Spiritual Race from sweeping through the solar system is to send a large number of elites into the solar system in the shortest time possible.

“Even if we don’t stop them at that time, we can at least take a share of the loot with the Spiritual Race and split the profits with the Blue Star humans,” Klens said.

“Nonsense!” Milolis said directly. “Everyone Imows that, but the problem is that we can’t do it.”

By the side, Degushara hesitated for a moment and said in a low voice, “Your Holiness, the situation is so urgent. Can you ask the Lord to send down a miracle?”

As soon as these words were spoken, all the purple-robed bishops looked at

Pope Qiao An. This was also what everyone was thinking.

After all, in their hearts, the Lord was really omnipotent.

Hearing this, Pope Qiao An shook her head. “Let’s not talk about whether the Lord will descend a miracle. The prerequisite for the Lord to descend a miracle is that there must be a place where the Lord’s light exists.

“Previously, the Lord had already said in his reprimand that our incompetence had completely dissipated his glory in the solar system.”

Pope Qiao An’s words extinguished everyone’s thoughts. It also destroyed the last hope of the purple-robed bishops present.

“If that’s the case, wouldn’t we have to sit back and watch the Spiritual Race sweep through the solar system?” Monet was a little dejected. “According to the intelligence, the third Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Spiritual Race will definitely arrive in the solar system in three months to half a year.”

Everyone was speechless, including Pope Qiao An. After a long time, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, suddenly gritted his teeth and said, “Your

Holiness, I have a way that might allow us to quickly enter the solar system!”

“What method?”

All the purple-robed bishops looked at Klens.

“Consume!”

“Consume?”

“That’s right, consumption! After so many years of observation, the power of the High-Temperature Fire Screen and the Sun Guardian that protects the Blue Star humans is actually constantly weakening.

“Whether it was the passage of time or the attacks of others, it would consume the power of the high-temperature fire screen in the solar system. This was supported by data.

‘My idea is to take the initiative to send a large number of troops to attack the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen from afar and quickly consume its power. This way, we should be able to find the hole in the fire screen in the shortest time possible and pass through it,” Klens said.

“The Great Xi Clan tried this idea 150 years ago. They did consume the power of the high-temperature fire screen in the solar system, but they also suffered heavy losses! If we do this now, we might be able to artificially create a hole in the fire screen in a short period of time.

“However, our own strength will decrease drastically! In the end, we would benefit others. Even if we enter the solar system, our forces in the solar system or even locally will fall into an absolute disadvantage, causing unpredictable changes. There are hundreds of harms but no benefits.” Pope Qiao An coldly refuted Klens’s suggestion.

“No. Your Holiness, listen to me. What I mean is not to use our elite forces. As long as a living being had a certain amount of energy, they could consume the power of the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen.

“In the countless planets ruled by us, there are hundreds of billions of slaves. We don’t need all of them. We only need to drive a third or half of the slaves into the high-temperature fire screen. We will definitely be able to greatly consume the power of the high-temperature fire screen in a short period of time and create a hole in the fire screen.”

As soon as Klens finished speaking, everyone present looked at him with shock. To be honest, slaves were not Muyas. Slaves had no human rights. Everyone knew that. If anyone here was unhappy one day, they could casually kill a few slaves to vent their anger. That was par for the course.

However, this plan of sending tens or even hundreds of billions of Muya slaves into the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen to die was simply… too crazy!

In theory, this plan was completely feasible. When half of the surviving Muya slaves had died now, it did not have any essential impact on the current strength of the Muyas.

At the thought of this, many of the purple-robed bishops vaguely agreed. However, Monet, who had a long beard, suddenly stood up and looked at Klens with killing intent. “Klens, who asked you to carry out such a plan to exterminate our race?”

The words ‘exterminate our race’ made the pupils of everyone present constrict. They immediately reacted, but Klens was not afraid. Instead, he laughed. “That should be a long time ago! However, I know very well that if we don’t do this, none of you will be able to escape divine punishment in the next two to three years!”

Everyone understood what Klens meant. If they did this, the extermination of the clan might happen a few hundred years later. However, if they did not do this, they would probably have to accept divine punishment in a few years.

This was a difficult choice!

Everyone looked at Pope Qiao An, waiting for her final decision. They were even looking forward to it!

Pope Qiao An’s hair stood on end from the expectant gazes of the purple-robed bishops present..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1