Chapter 1678 - 1678: Pursuing The Enemy Personally (1)

Chapter 1678 - 1678: Pursuing the Enemy Personally (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Bang!

After hearing Feng Qihan’s report, the 13th seat of the Spiritual Race, Elder Mu Sheng, smashed the table in front of him into powder. His chest rose and fell. He felt that the heavy breathing coming out of his nostrils was about to turn into two small tornadoes.

In the meeting room, everyone below Mu Zhengyue was silent. They did not dare to breathe loudly.

After Mu Sheng became angry, his face became redder and redder even though he did not say a word. It was obvious that he was furious.

This made Mu Zhengyue a little worried. Would his elder get sick due to anger?

“Bastard!” Just as Mu Zhengyue was feeling worried, Mu Sheng suddenly roared like a thunderclap. This furious roar allowed him to vent his anger. Only then did his expression gradually return to normal.

However, Feng Qihan, who was on the other end of the video call, looked at Elder Mu Sheng with a wooden expression. In fact, he was even angrier than Mu Sheng, but so what if he was angry?

No matter how angry he was now, it was a manifestation of incompetence. He had no choice. He, Feng Qihan, the commander of the Western Star Field

Military District, the commander of the Northern Star Field Military District, Huo Xiao, and Mu Sheng, could be considered the three giants.

However, the three giants had all been fooled by the enemies of the Blue Star!

They had been fooled like a monkey!

They were still waiting to kill the enemy on the four planets around Asteroid 392. They had also set up two encirclement circles within 30 days of the voyage and thought that nothing would go wrong.

However, the Blue Star rats miraculously infiltrated Asteroid 407, then killed their way into Asteroid 421 and successfully escaped their encirclement.

It would take at least three and a half months to reach Asteroid 421 from Asteroid 392.

They had been tricked! Just like a fool.

This was one of the reasons why the main elder, Mu Sheng, was extremely angry. Of course, the fundamental reason was the deadline given by the Sanctuary. Within three months, they had to completely destroy the Blue Star invasion force and capture them alive. Now, a month had passed, but the enemy had jumped out of their encirclement.

After a long time, the main elder suppressed his anger.

“Feng Qihan, what’s wrong with the intelligence department of your Western Star Field? Also, Asteroid 407 was silently occupied by the Blue Star Rats for a few days. Why didn’t you notice anything unusual?

“Didn’t you say that you would confirm the safety of all the planets in the Western Star Field every day?” He suppressed his anger, but the anger was still there. The furious Mu Sheng spat at Feng Qihan.

Feng Qihan listened to Mu Sheng’s scolding expressionlessly before saying, “Elder Mu Sheng, I’ve carried out all your orders. I’ve also confirmed the safety records of the various planets.

“If you really think that I’m incompetent and have problems, you can report it to the Sanctuary and get someone else to take over the Western Star Field. Let’s see how he will cooperate with you.”

This tactful retort made Mu Sheng speechless. To be honest, other than the fact that the speed at which the emergency quantum teleportation channel was set up was slightly slower, the commander of the Western Star Field Military District, Feng Qihan, was very cooperative in other aspects.

Just now, Mu Sheng had been in a hurry to pick on him, or rather, he subconsciously wanted to push the blame away. However, after he woke up, Mu Sheng knew very well that anyone could get rid of this blame of the Blue Star Rats escaping the encirclement, but he, the main elder, could not.

At that time, the Sanctuary would question him first, not anyone else. Although he had come to a realization, it was impossible for Mu Sheng, the main elder, to apologize to Feng Qihan. Mu Sheng changed his tone awkwardly. “There are loopholes and problems. There must be problems with our intelligence.”

Feng Qihan would not take this matter seriously.

To be honest, as the Blue Star invaders caused more and more trouble in the Western Star Field, if he could not take down the Blue Star invaders for a long time, he would be embarrassed as the commander of the Western Star Field.

Even with Mu Sheng in front of him, he could not escape an incompetent comment. Therefore, from this moment on, Feng Qihan was also anxious.

“Indeed, there’s a problem with Asteroid 407. How could the Blue Star invaders silently attack Asteroid 421 from Asteroid 407? With the current mechanism, that’s impossible,” Feng Qihan said.

“Investigate. We have to investigate this immediately. If we can’t find this problem, there will be problems with our encirclement in the future,” Mu Sheng said anxiously.

“Of course, we have to investigate, but we still need time.”

“Huh?” Mu Sheng looked at Feng Qihan.

“Currently, the quantum teleportation channels of Asteroid 407 have all been destroyed. There are no cosmic tunnel nodes.

“It will take at least seven days to rush over from the nearest cosmic tunnel node to the nearest planet and then fly to Asteroid 407. With the results of the investigation, it will take at least eight days,” Feng Qihan said.

Hearing this, Mu Sheng had a helpless expression. This space-time distance was really…

“Send the most elite investigators over. We must get the results in the shortest time possible. But now, the most important thing is to surround and kill the enemy who entered Asteroid 421. Do you have a plan?” Mu Sheng asked.

Feng Qihan shook his head. “In terms of spatial distance, it will take our army at least ten days to reach Asteroid 421 through the cosmic tunnel to reach the planet where the cosmic tunnel node is closest to Asteroid 421.”

“Ten days!” Mu Sheng shook his head. “These ten days are exactly what the enemy needs. When we rushed over, we missed again. The enemy is gone again..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1