Chapter 1683 - 1683: Since I Met It, I Can’T Miss It (2)

Chapter 1683 - 1683: Since I Met It, I Can’t Miss It (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Then tell me, where do you think our danger will come from?” Xu Tui started discussing with An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue was stunned. She suddenly said, “The greatest danger here is to be caught up by the Spiritual Race.”

“An enemy is chasing after us? What kind of enemy is it?”

“Nine Satellites. It must be the Nine Satellites Planetary realm enemies chasing after us.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly. “By the way, did you have such a premonition when we killed our way into Asteroid 677 and then into the cosmic tunnel before we encountered the Spiritual Race Sanctuary Elder, Huo Baihong, including when we encountered Shui Zhi on Planet X?

“Or rather, is there such an abnormality in the Cow Seal?” Xu Tui asked.

An Xiaoxue thought for a moment and slowly shook her head. “No. Of course, there might be, but it might be relatively weak. I didn’t notice it.”

Xu Tui nodded. “That’s possible. However, in the current situation, we have to consider everything negative. Only then can we avoid danger.

From this perspective, if the Cow Seal had the ability to predict good and bad, then did the obvious sense of crisis you felt this time mean that the impending danger was very powerful and extraordinary?

“It’s possible. However, since there might be immense danger and we have made a discovery in advance, would we be able to avoid this danger by immediately leaving Asteroid 421?” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui thought about it carefully for a few seconds, but he shook his head firmly.

“Xiaoxue, do you still remember Ah Huang’s big data judgment? Under normal circumstances, even a lightning-type supernatural being of the Nine Satellites who is extremely good at speed would take seven days to reach Asteroid 421.

“But now, it has not been three and a half days. If this crisis was really pursued by an expert from the Spiritual Race, not only would this power be extremely fast, but its combat strength would also be far stronger than any of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm we had encountered before.

“He might even be a Nebula realm expert above the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. In that case, it’s useless for us to escape,” Xu Tui said slowly.

“I… seem to understand what you mean.” An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “If such an extremely fast expert whose combat strength far exceeds that of ordinary Nine Satellites is about to arrive, it’s useless for us to escape. He should be able to easily catch up to our fighter jets in space. At that time, if he attacks with a sudden attack, I’m afraid everyone on the same fighter jet will die in battle,” An Xiaoxue said.

“That’s right. If such an expert tracks us and suddenly launches a sudden attack, they will die. The people in the fighter jet will die.” Xu Tui was worried.

According to the current situation, even if the Worldly Expeditionary Force took seven fighter jets, one fighter jet would have four to five people. Moreover, in the chaos, the destructive power of an extremely fast and far-reaching expert above the Nine Satellites was unimaginable.

Under such circumstances, there was even a possibility of the Worldly Expeditionary Force being wiped out. If they were lucky, Ullr, Wen Xinglun, and Jagren might have a chance of escaping.

As for the others…

Xu Tui’s back instantly started to sweat.

Although all of this was based on the premise that the seal of the Cow Star official foreshadowed good and bad, if this premise was true, it meant that the Worldly Expeditionary Force was on the verge of death.

To be honest, with the strength of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, Xu Tui was not afraid of two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. He could even fight if three of them came. However, if the last person who was extremely fast and had outstanding combat strength came, it would be…

“Why don’t… I stay behind and give you a warning? If such an enemy really attacks, you can also…” An Xiaoxue had not finished her sentence when Xu Tui gagged her. An Xiaoxue’s face turned red from anxiety. “There’s someone far away. You…”

“Remember, I am a man! If I really need sacrifices, it will be me, a man, who will go first. As long as I am alive, it will not be your turn to do such a thing.” Xu Tui said these words firmly.

“Moreover, even if I leave behind a warning from the Heavenly Court, even if it gives us a warning, we still won’t be able to escape if such an existence chases us from space. With the speed at which he arrived here in three and a half days,” Xu Tui said.

“What if we split up?”

“A Star Field that has enemies on all sides. Acting separately is courting death,” Xu Tui said.

“I mean, split up one or two fighter jets to lure the enemy.”

“Bet on probability?” Xu Tui shook his head when he heard that. “The probability is too uncertain. What if he’s fast enough? Even if he chases the wrong person the first time, he will still be able to catch up to us.”

An Xiaoxue was stunned. Her brows locked together. Actually, after fighting for so long, both An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui had realized that powerful enemies were not scary. What was terrifying was an existence with extremely powerful combat strength and extremely fast speed.

In the world of martial arts. onlv sDeed could not be broken.

Take Ullr for example. In the past, he was Seven Satellites. Now, he was Eight Satellites. Xu Tui had killed at least one such expert. However, he did not have the confidence to kill Ullr if he really fell out with him. It was because this fellow was a lightning-type supernatural being and was too fast.

Another example was Xu Tui. Many times , Xu Tui could show off because of his teleportation ability.

“Then what should we do? We can’t just sit back and wait for death, right? No matter what the probability is, there will always be someone who can survive,”

An Xiaoxue said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1