Chapter 1682 - 1682: I Can I T Miss It (1)

Chapter 1682 - 1682: I Can I t Miss It (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I can’t explain exactly what’s wrong. It’s just a feeling. It’s a very strange feeling.” An Xiaoxue frowned slightly, her expression a little conflicted. She had never encountered such a situation in the past, especially since that strange feeling gave her a strong sense of unease.

“Which seal is it?” Xu Tui asked.

“Everything is normal with the Rabbit Star Official’s seal. What’s abnormal is the Cow Star Official’s seal. Look.” As she spoke, An Xiaoxue activated the two Star Official’s seals and presented them in front of Xu Tui.

The two Star Official Seals of Cow and Rabbit both emitted a faint starlight. Just from the surface, the two Star Official Seals looked very normal.

Xu Tui extended his mental perception over, but he did not sense any information. These two seals belonged to An Xiaoxue. Xu Tui could not sense them with his mental perception.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and released the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He used the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the

South Pole to cover the two seals. In an instant, Xu Tui felt a faint abnormality.

However, this abnormality was only limited to power fluctuations.

The light of the Rabbit Star Official’s seal was very normal and stable, as if it was breathing. The light of the Cow Star’s official seal was rapidly fluctuating and flickering. However, Xu Tui could not sense the specific reason even through the Great Seal of Longevity.

“Xiaoxue, sense it carefully. What feeling did the Cow Seal give you?” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, An Xiaoxue closed her eyes and carefully sensed for 30 seconds. During the sensing process, she frowned again.

“It’s a very strange feeling. It’s very anxious. It makes me uneasy. After sensing it for a long time, I feel like a storm is coming,” An Xiaoxue slowly opened her eyes and said.

“Sense of crisis?

This made Xu Tui’s expression tense up. Xu Tui might not have cared if he had just obtained the seals of these Star Officials. However, he now understood that every seal of the ancient Heavenly Court had a different function.

For example, Xu Tui did not choose to let An Xiaoxue refine the Rabbit Star Official’s Seal in the beginning. He planned to let An Xiaoxue refine it again when she had a better seal in the future.

After all, the seal of the Rabbit Star was considered a relatively low-level seal in the ancient Heavenly Court. It did not seem to have any future.

However, no one expected the Rabbit Star Official Seal to have the power to increase the quantum frequency fluctuations of the quantum teleportation channel. It was simply godly.

“Little Six, come here.” Xu Tui immediately called Little Six, who was on duty outside, over. “How much do you know about the Twelve Zodiacs Seals?” “What do you mean?” Little Six did not understand.

“The ability of the 12 Zodiacs of the ancient Heavenly Court. Do you understand it?” Xu Tui asked.

After being stunned for a moment, Little Six slowly shook his head. “I’m not sure.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He glared at him. “You’re an inheritor sealed by the Origin Domain. Why don’t you know anything? If you don’t know anything, what’s the point of me wanting you?”

“I…” Little Six looked a little aggrieved. “I was an idle person before I was appointed. I could walk around anywhere with my title as the Lord. Anyone who saw me would smile at me. Why would I need to know anyone!”

After a pause, Little Six said, “Moreover, I’m actually one of the more useless subordinates. The senior brothers and sisters who are really powerful have all participated in the battle.” At this point, Little Six’s expression suddenly became dim. “Trash, I’m actually a piece of trash. That’s why it’s my turn to survive.”

Xu Tui: ‘ .

Just as Xu Tui was feeling disappointed, Little Six suddenly raised his head and said, “However, the 12 Zodiacs must have their own professional divine abilities. None of the clergy in the entire Heavenly Court is useless.”

“Yes, I understand. Continue to be on guard.” Xu Tui waved Little Six away and looked at An Xiaoxue again.

“A little. ”

“Then let’s do it again. This time, take a longer time to sense it. Try your best to sense it clearer. I need a more accurate description,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

In the next moment, the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole enveloped the seal again. An Xiaoxue also closed her eyes and sensed carefully.

This time, the sensation lasted for a full two minutes.

rlhvvo minutes later, An Xiaoxue opened her eyes and said firmly, “This time, I can sense it clearly. The seal of the Cow Star gives me an uneasy feeling. It’s a sense of crisis. I feel that something bad is about to happen.”

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. Something bad was about to happen. Suddenly, he remembered the nickname of the Twelve Zodiacs that he had seen in some Huaxia Dao Sect books.

Cow was also called the Auspicious Cow.

Auspicious?

An Xiaoxue said that something bad was about to happen? Could it be a sign of good fortune and misfortune?

If someone had told Xu Tui three years ago that there was something that could predict good and bad, such as Cheng MO saying that, he would have to hammer Xu Tui a few times no matter what the reason was.

Wasn’t that a superstition?

But now, Xu Tui took it very seriously. Especially in the current situation of the foreign Star Field, where they were surrounded by enemies on all sides, it was better to believe it than not.

“Xiaoxue, let’s not talk about whether the feeling that the Cow Star Official Seal gave you is right or not. We’ll use it as a judgment. We’ll think that its abnormal movements are warning us that danger is imminent..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1