Chapter 1689 - 1689: Breaking The Divine Demon Abnormality (3)

Chapter 1689 - 1689: Breaking the Divine Demon Abnormality (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Feng Ye realized that other than Xu Tui, the person who posed the greatest threat to him was the woman in front of him.

Of course, the best tactic was to kill Xu Tui in the shortest time possible. However, Xu Tui’s teleportation ability prevented him from killing Xu Tui in a short period of time. Instead, he encountered danger repeatedly.

Since that was the case, he would first kill all of Xu Tui’s helpers. It would be easy for him to kill Xu Tui then.

An Xiaoxue slashed out repeatedly with her Dimensional Slash when she saw Feng Ye rushing towards her. However, Feng Ye dodged all of them. Suddenly, a green net of light flew out of Feng Ye’s hand and instantly turned into a hundred-meter radius. It enveloped An Xiaoxue at lightning speed.

Little Six and the others instantly followed Xu Tui’s instructions and focused their fire on the green light net. But it was useless. Their attack and speed were still half a beat slower. They could not catch up to the green net of light.

Without hesitation, An Xiaoxue crushed an escape technique.

Feng Ye was still moving at high speed. As the green light barged forward, it instantly collided with Ruan Tianzuo. Ruan Tianzuo of the Seven Satellites was sent flying like a shooting star as flames flashed. Blood spurted out of his mouth. It was unknown if he was dead or alive.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun chased after Feng Ye and blasted him. However, Feng Ye is always half a step slower. After this collision, Feng Ye finally discovered a more reasonable tactic. He instantly turned into a green light that was as fast as lightning. Under the impact of the huge force, it hit accurately. In the next moment, Tao Guan was smashed into pieces by the green light.

Xu Tui’s eyes widened.

Casualties!

There were casualties in the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

The green light formed by Feng Ye was still raging. Xu Tui wanted to chase after him. But the green light that Feng Ye had transformed into was extremely fast. It was even faster than Ullr’s lightning. He could not catch up at all.

In the next moment, the green light formed by Feng Ye suddenly turned towards Zhao Hailong.

“Hailong, be careful!” Xu Tui roared through the mental voice transmission. Even though he knew that this was useless, Xu Tui still hoped that Zhao Hailong could avoid this fatal attack.

Strangely, Zhao Hailong did not seem to hear Xu Tui and the others’ warnings. The green light formed by Feng Ye was about to hit. The silver spear that Zhao Hailong had been holding suddenly stabbed out of thin air.

The spear missed, and the void exploded.

The spear had missed completely. Visible to the naked eye, the void rippled where the silver spear pierced. Miraculously, this spear stabbed into the path of Feng Ye toward Zhao Hailong. This spear did not hit the green light formed by Feng Ye, but its effect was even more magical than stabbing Feng Ye.

The green light that was about to collide with Zhao Hailong was instantly blocked. Under the high-speed movement, even an expert like Feng Ye could not help but freeze for a moment when he was instantly blocked and turned around.

Xu Tui, who was chasing after Feng Ye with his mind power, instantly caught an opportunity. Under the full enhancement of his mind power, the ice seal wrapped around him layer by layer, but it was instantly exploded by Feng Ye’s protective green light.

Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash, Jagren’s Space Collapse, Ullr’s and Wen Xinglun’s lightning attacks, which had been prepared for a long time, focused their fire on Feng Ye.

Feng Ye did not dare to take such an attack lineup head-on, especially the waves of spatial fluctuations.

It instantly disappeared the moment the green shadow fluctuated.

In order to snatch time, Xu Tui even used another ability of the Time Distortion Nova, Time Distortion. In the next moment, just as Feng Ye’s green shadow fluctuated, a dark-colored small sword instantly appeared above Feng

Ye’s head.

And it slashed in!

The name of the sword was God Slaying!

In an instant, the green light around Feng Ye’s body trembled. Most of the green light instantly dissipated, revealing his true body. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s left black eye locked onto Feng Ye.

Foreign body teleportation!

Half of Feng Ye’s body disappeared into thin air in an instant. Blood, organs, and all kinds of red and white surged out of the remaining half of his body.

He succeeded! However, the moment he succeeded, Xu Tui felt as if his mind power had been instantly sucked dry by a huge pump. It was depleted at lightning speed. His vision turned black.

It was so close. Xu Tui almost fainted on the spot.

The Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill that he had consumed before the battle had an effect. Although his mind power was almost depleted, he had still recovered an extremely weak trace. This prevented Xu Tui from fainting immediately.

Feng Ye’s mental body also escaped from the other half of his body. His mental body was as bright as the stars. It was the size of an ordinary child. The moment he appeared, Xu Tui suppressed his dizziness and roared, “Kill, obliterate his mental body!”

The Worldly Expeditionary Force could be said to be extremely experienced in dealing with such a mental body. Ullr and Wen Xinglun’s lightning struck first. Amidst the lightning, Feng Ye’s mental body clearly melted a lot.

In the next moment, Feng Ye’s mental body suddenly trembled and instantly turned into a green light that left.

He escaped !

Feng Ye’s mental body was afraid of death and fled first..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1