Chapter 1688 - 1688: Breaking The Divine Demon Abnormality (2)

Chapter 1688 - 1688: Breaking the Divine Demon Abnormality (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment he appeared, Feng Ye discovered Xu Tui’s location. However, Xu Tui was rather far away from him. The wind shadow disappeared again.

Xu Tui’s heart instantly skipped a beat. He did not know who this enemy would choose to attack next. A faint mind power fluctuation appeared 500 meters in front of Xu Tui. Xu Tui felt relieved. The enemy in front of him had chosen to prioritize killing him, the greatest threat.

At this moment, Xu Tui had an idea. His teleportation ability was a little similar to a spatial ability, and the divine demon abnormality of the wind shadow was a strengthening of his supernatural ability.

However, be it teleportation or the strengthening of supernatural ability, they could not do without mind power. In other words, no matter what ability it was, mind power was definitely a vital point. As long as it shook or affected his mind power, it might interrupt his wind shadow ability and create a possibility of killing him.

A green shadow appeared 500 meters in front of Xu Tui. The moment it appeared, Feng Ye raised his hand, and 12 small tornadoes instantly appeared from all directions. The small tornadoes were all inverted. The moment they appeared, the 12 small tornadoes merged into one.

A huge tornado with a diameter of more than 100 meters enveloped Xu Tui, who was in the air, from afar. It emitted a terrifying suction force. In an instant, the world changed. An indescribable tearing force was transmitted to Xu Tui’s body. The huge tornado actually had the effect of immobilizing him.

Feng Ye had the same thoughts as Xu Tui. He wanted to control Xu Tui, and then kill Xu Tui, the most threatening person.

In the distance, An Xiaoxue’s right silver eye flashed slightly when she saw this. She activated Dimensional Slash. The tail of the huge tornado suddenly disappeared one after another. It was directly cut off by An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash. The tail of the tornado disappeared. It became slower and slower like a high-speed plane that had lost its engine.

Feng Ye’s gaze turned cold as he looked in An Xiaoxue’s direction. He suffered another attack from Xu Tui. It was still the old Mountain Formula and the ice

seal. The green light exploded, and Xu Tui’s attacks were all shattered. However, Xu Tui’s attacks were once again like a signal indicator lamp, marking the locations of the many members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

Focus fire instantly arrived. It was also at this moment that a strong mind power fluctuation suddenly appeared in the green shadow.

It was at this moment that the Small God Slaying Sword appeared! A small bright yellow sword instantly appeared above Xu Tui’s head. Then, it instantly flashed and slashed into the top of the green shadow’s head.

The green shadow instantly trembled. This time, the green shadow did not dissipate like before. Instead, it was like a rock that instantly endured the concentrated fire of the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

Feng Ye was shocked! However, after so many years of being careful, he held two Origin Crystal ability seal cards in his hand at all times and crushed one of them in a flash. Countless green lights instantly appeared beside him, constantly flickering as they attacked all the attacks that hit him.

Only Ullr and Wen Xinglun’s two bolts of lightning were the fastest and struck Feng Ye first. However, it did not cause any harm to Feng Ye. Most of the people’s attacks were wiped out by the Feng Ye’s Wind Wings Strangulation Formation.

It was also at this moment that An Xiaoxue took action. She instantly slashed out with the Dimensional Slash. Her target was the Wind Wings Strangulation Formation. In an instant, a large portion of the Wind Wings Strangulation Formation protecting Feng Ye was empty.

An Xiaoxue’s attack was timed and positioned extremely well. The location she slashed out happened to be in the direction of the concentrated fire of Little Six and the other seven guards. Little Six and the other seven Heavenly Court guards had already formed an energy array. With the seven of them as one, the power of concentrated fire was huge.

A terrifying pillar of light instantly blasted onto Feng Ye’s abdomen. Even though Feng Ye was a Nebula Realm expert, he was caught off guard and had his defense broken by the concentrated fire of the seven Seven Satellites Heavenly Court guards who had formed an energy array.

With a muffled groan of pain, a huge hole appeared in his lower abdomen. Following closely behind were the attacks of Yanzi, Yan Xuejin, Li Zheng, and the others. The attacks of these people were dispersed by Feng Ye.

However, when he came into contact with Yanzi’s attack, he was slightly stunned. His gaze looked in Yanzi’s direction like lightning.

“Traitor!” With a furious shout, Feng Ye’s divine demon abnormality was activated again, and his entire body disappeared again.

Xu Tui had already found a way after this battle. He had found a way to defeat the enemy. As long as Feng Ye attacked him again, Xu Tui had the confidence to severely injure him.

Xu Tui’s only worry was that he would turn around and attack others. In the next moment, his heart sank when a slight fluctuation of mind power appeared 3,000 meters away. Indeed, this powerful enemy had changed.

3,000 meters away was the direction where An Xiaoxue, Little Six, Ruan Tianzuo, and Yanzi were.

“Little Six, defend with all your might and protect Xiaoxue and the others!

Jagren, it’s your turn!” Xu Tui roared through the mental voice transmission.

The six seals in Xu Tui’s body appeared behind his head. They instantly shone brightly. With the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole as the commander, the divine light of the seven seals instantly fused into his body. Xu Tui’s aura suddenly became mysterious.

Feng Ye that appeared turned into a green light and pounced towards An

Xiaoxue..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1