Chapter 1681 - 1681: Something Is Wrong With An Xiaoxue (2)

Chapter 1681 - 1681: Something Is Wrong With An Xiaoxue (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It sounds like you have other girls,” Yan Lie retorted.

“Stop!” Xu Tui shouted softly and interrupted Cui Xi. Such a joke should have come during the New Year’s Eve.

This was not because Cui Xi was vulgar, but because Cui Xi was using this method to remove the invisible pressure in the hearts of everyone in the Worldly Expeditionary Force. There were no reinforcements outside and there were powerful enemies around them. Those who had not experienced it would not be able to understand the pressure in such a situation.

If there was a new recruit in the Worldly Expeditionary Force, he would probably have a mental breakdown.

“Wine and meat will be your next mission.” Xu Tui waved his hand and circled six major cities on the spiritual map of Asteroid 421. The six of you, bring six teams and loot these six cities. First target!”

When he mentioned his first target, everyone immediately became serious and put away their previous hip-hop expressions.

“The first target is to loot the energy warehouses, Origin Crystals, elixirs, and all high-value portable resources in these six major cities. The second target is to destroy the civilian long-range remote sensing equipment in these six major cities and pave the way for our departure tomorrow. The third target is to get some wine, meat, and snacks during the New Year. You have to complete all the missions within six hours.

“All personnel must return to the team before 10 p.m. tonight,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood ! ”

Not long after, the six of them quickly left with their team members. This was also a discovery during this period of time that the Blue Star humans could eat the food of the Spiritual Race.

The quantum dimensional chain was limited. When the expeditionary army came, they also brought limited water and compressed military rations. They replenished them on the spot if they could.

As the regiment commander, Xu Tui did not hide anything. He had already prepared for the worst.

After the group of team members left, Xu Tui activated the Longevity Emperor

Seal of the South Pole, the Huo De Seal, the Nandou Seal, the Ji Shui Seal, the Jingmu Seal, the Huashan Divine Seal, and the Mount Heng Divine Seal. They lined up outside his body.

The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was like a king. It was

high and mighty. Light spread and enveloped the six seals.

Xu Tui frowned and pondered.

There were a total of seven Heavenly Court seals. The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal had already reached 100% in the refinement progress. Coupled with the brilliance that the Longevity Emperor Seal had received after devouring the planet’s core, the other six seals had greatly strengthened.

Among them, the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal that had been completely refined had the greatest increase. In terms of aura, they had increased by about 50% compared to when they had just been completely refined.

Correspondingly, the enhancement power of the second seal had also greatly increased. However, the problem now was that the progress of the other seals had been trapped. The refinement progress of the Jingmu Seal and Ji Shui Seal had reached 99% when they were still in the Northern Star Field.

However, he could not complete the last 1%. It was the same for Lord Nandou’s seal. The refinement progress had reached 99%, and he could not reach the last 1%. If he could not achieve 100% refinement, he would not be able to completely unleash the enhancement power.

For example, the Ji Shui Star Lord’s Seal was considered the Water Sect’s True God Seal. If it was completely refined, Xu Tui’s power would be enhanced when he used the Blizzard Domain, the Ice Sealing, and other abilities.

But now, he has never been able to achieve this 1%. The refinement progress of Huo De Seal had also reached 90%. However, what Xu Tui was most worried about was the situation with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South pole.

The refinement progress of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole had already reached 85% when he left Asteroid 407.

After devouring the star core of Asteroid 421, the refinement progress had reached 94%.

In theory, the refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal of the South Pole would reach 100% after devouring at most another asteroid’s star core. However, he was worried that the refinement progress of the other seals and the Longevity Emperor’s Seal of the South Pole would only reach 99%.

Where could he get the last 1% of the refinement progress? Return to the Heavenly Court? Or?

Xu Tui had been thinking about this question for the past few days. He had many thoughts. He should not rely on too many external objects in the future, such as seals. However, on the other hand, he should also use what he should use.

At the very least, this was what Xu Tui urgently needed from his situation.

Xu Tui was also a little confused about his future.

The School of General Senses, the School of Radiation Influence, and the flying sword of the Genetic Miracle. It could even be said that using the power of these seals to strengthen his abilities was a path.

However, Xu Tui knew very well that he could only focus on one path in the end.

Xu Tui now understood the true difficulty of being a pioneer. He was really crossing the river by touching a rock. As they pondered and comprehended, time passed quickly. Soon, at 10 p.m., the six teams returned safely.

Comparatively, the asteroids in the Western Star Field were a little richer than those in the Northern Star Field. They had obtained a total of 240,000 grams of Origin Crystals and other resources from the six major cities and the other bases.

Xu Tui sent half of it to someone to use for cultivation and restoration. He left the other half for emergencies.

There was no midnight bell here, but Ah Huang had artificially made a New Year’s bell for everyone. Amidst the strange wine and drinks of the Spiritual Race, the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force cheered.

“Our goal next year is to go home!”

“Let’s go home!”

“Let’s go home!”

“Let’s go home!”

Amidst everyone’s cheers, even the two old coins, Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo, cheered. The climax of the new year was when Xu Tui took out a bottle of September frost wine from the Blue Star Moon.

This was one of the few smells that came from home. Even An Xiaoxue, Mu Xingluan, Li Zheng, and the others, who did not drink much, carefully held the small glass of wine that they had received. They sniffed it gently and sipped it.

This was… the smell of home.

Then, Qu Qingshan took out a cigar produced by the Blue Star. Before he could take a few puffs, he was surrounded by many male comrades. He was held down by Cui Xi, Yang Huai, and the others. He snatched over the cigar that he had only smoked twice.

Those who knew how to smoke, or those who did not, would take a puff. Even Xu Tui, who did not smoke, took a deep breath. Then, he choked until his eyes bled and he coughed continuously. At this moment, he was not smoking a cigar. He was smoking the smell of his hometown.

Amidst Qu Qingshan’s roar, only the butt was left when the cigar was returned to his hand. The eyes of such a big man were a little red.

“A bunch of animals, at least leave one more puff for me. You just left the butt behind. It’ll burn my hands if I smoke it!” Qu Qingshan cursed as he smoked. However, the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force was filled with a happy and relaxed atmosphere.

This was probably the decompression.

Crack!

This scene had also been taken by someone and became the most precious image in today’s group photo.

“Everyone, we will set off and leave Asteroid 421 in six hours. Hurry up and rest. Restore your mind power to its peak state.” The celebration officially ended. Just as everyone dispersed, Xu Tui added, “Everyone, don’t forget to wash up.”

Everyone agreed with a laugh. Capturing such a small planet was one of the few opportunities for the Worldly Expeditionary Force to wash up. The night duty was naturally handed over to Little Six and the other Heavenly Court guards.

Xu Tui continued to comprehend. He had wanted to look for An Xiaoxue.

Unfortunately, the conditions were limited. He could not fall in love with her. As he was thinking, he suddenly saw An Xiaoxue walk over. Her hair was still a little wet. She must have just washed up.

Xu Tui looked around. Just as he was thinking about where to find a suitable place, he saw An Xiaoxue walking over with a serious expression.

“Xu Tui, I feel that something is wrong.”

Xu Tui was stunned. The strange thoughts in his mind instantly dissipated. He woke up. “Something’s wrong. What’s wrong?”

“There’s something wrong with my seal.”

“Something’s wrong with your seal?” It was Xu Tui’s turn to be stunned.. “Why is there something wrong?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1