Chapter 1684 - 1684: Since I Met It, I Can I T Miss It (3)

Chapter 1684 - 1684: Since I Met It, I Can I t Miss It (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Let me think about it.” Xu Tui also frowned. A minute later, his brows suddenly relaxed. “Xiaoxue, do you still remember that when we were on the quasi-planetary realm, we killed several Planetary realm experts? What did we rely on?”

An Xiaoxue raised her brows. “You mean… preset the battlefield?”

“That’s right. Since we know that the enemy is coming, we’ll set up a battlefield and maximize our advantage.”

“What if this enemy is too strong?”

“Is there a god? Is there an invincible expert? Up until now, we have encountered countless experts and seen too many supernatural abilities. These are refreshing our understanding again and again.

“However, no matter how much it refreshed, no matter how strong an existence was, they would not be able to jump out of the fundamental principles of this universe. There was no invincible existence, much less an immortal existence!

“After all, even so many terrifying ancient existences in the Heavenly Court could die in battle. So what if the enemies attacking us far exceeded the ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm? They were only slightly stronger enemies. If the plan and tactics are right, there is still a possibility of killing the enemy,” Xu Tui said.

“Then make the arrangements. I’ll listen to you,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Alright, before we gather the others, I’ll give you the first order. Remember it well,” Xu Tui said.

Stunned, An Xiaoxue nodded slightly. “Tell me.”

“When you set the battlefield, I will set your location at the outermost area of the battlefield. I will ensure that your Dimensional Slash can cover the battlefield, but it will not expose you too early. Remember, you are not allowed to attack without my orders,” Xu Tui said.

Before An Xiaoxue could say “no”, Xu Tui said solemnly, “You are not allowed to refuse. Moreover, this is a tactic! Because your Dimensional Slash has the characteristic of ignoring most defenses. Perhaps your Dimensional Slash is one of the few abilities that can injure a powerful enemy. Do you understand?” Xu Tui emphasized. “Also, keep these Principal Cai’s escape characters well. Don’t worry, I can teleport!”

An Xiaoxue pursed her lips. Her eyes were red, but in the end, she still accepted the escape character. “Don’t worry, I’ll use it and listen to your orders! But I only have one condition.”

“Which one?”

“If I can’t see you, I won’t return to the solar system and the Blue Star alone. I will continue to fight in the Spiritual Race’s Star Field until… I die!” An Xiaoxue’s tone was extremelv determined at this moment.

“Xiaoxue, you…” Xu Tui smiled bitterly, but he advised again, “You should return if you had the chance. Of course, I’m just saying what if.”

“Don’t persuade me anymore. We came together and will return together! Hurry up and make your tactical arrangements. I’ll prepare too.” An Xiaoxue said firmly and turned to leave.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. While he was smiling bitterly, An Xiaoxue, who had just turned to leave, suddenly turned around and returned.

Xu Tui was a little surprised. He thought that An Xiaoxue had changed her mind. He was about to say something when An Xiaoxue suddenly said, “There are some things that I wanted to say to you when I was trapped on the Tower Star, but I never had the chance to say them. I took the opportunity to say them today, lest I don’t have the chance in the future.

“Although we were once teacher and student, I’ve always felt that everything that happened to us after that was a gift from the heavens. No matter what you think, I’ve always cherished all of this.

“Although I’m a neet, I knew that some people and some things could not be missed when I encountered them. Once they were missed, it would be for the rest of my life. So I cherish it!” After saying that, An Xiaoxue kissed Xu Tui’s forehead gently. She instantly turned into a silver light and left.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Was this… a reverse confession? Or…

After being stunned for a few seconds, Xu Tui looked in the direction where An

Xiaoxue had left. The sweetness in his eyes suddenly turned into awe. “Ah Huang, urgently inform everyone to appear in front of me within 30 seconds.”

“Understood!”

Three seconds later, a stream of light suddenly flashed in the base that had just been quiet..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1