Chapter 1686 - 1686: Another Divine Demon Abnormality (2)

Chapter 1686 - 1686: Another Divine Demon Abnormality (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The thick ice on the ground was a little strange, but judging from the various traces, it seemed to be used for fun.

Did this Blue Star army like more primitive entertainment like skating?

Then, he found the basic reason for the lax defense. Of course, on a deeper level, it was also possible that this Blue Star army thought that the pursuers of the Spiritual Race would not be able to catch up in three and a half days.

He was confident in this.

Other than him, no one in the entire Spiritual Race could catch up to Asteroid 421 in three and a half days except for the Great Elder’s Void lineage. Soon, a dilemma was placed in front of Feng Ye.

Should he attack the Blue Star troops while they’re sleeping? Or should he launch an attack after he recovered his strength for a few hours?

After only a minute of consideration, Feng Ye made a decision. He would launch an attack now. After resting for a few hours, his strength would recover from 50% to about 70%. When the time came, the attack would also cause a certain amount of chaos.

However, if he were to launch an attack while the Blue Star army was sleeping now, he was confident that he could kill the strongest person in this Blue Star army in one strike.

The only Eight Satellites Planetary realm was most likely an existence in the Blue Star army who could kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. As long as he killed the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, the rest of the Blue Star troops would be useless to Feng Ye. They could be killed with a wave of his hands.

Moreover, if he were to launch an attack while the Blue Star troops were asleep, he was confident that he could kill one to two Seven Satellites after killing the strongest Eight Satellites.

According to the intelligence we had gathered previously, there were seven Seven Satellites out of the nine. They looked like the Great Xi Clan or the guards of the Heavenly Court.

He was not worried about such a Seven Satellites. With his speed, such a Seven Satellites would not pose much of a threat to him.

Soon, Feng Ye came up with an attack plan for himself. He would first kill the Eight Satellites, then the other two Seven Satellites.

If Xu Tui and the others knew, then the order of killing that Feng Ye had decided on was Ullr, the Eight Satellites, Xu Tui and Ruan Tianzuo, who were at the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites. Xu Tui was ranked in front of Ruan Tianzuo because he felt that Xu Tui was more threatening.

It had to be said that Feng Ye was really powerful and professional.

After a few reconnaissance, the killing order drawn up was basically correct.

The 100-kilometer distance could be covered in a few seconds. However, in order to hide his tracks, it took Feng Ye two minutes to blow into the planetary defense base of Asteroid 421 like a gust of wind.

The temperature in the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 421 was slightly lower than in the outside world, but this did not affect Feng Ye at all. Instead, he turned into a breeze and slowly approached his first target. He wanted to kill the Eight Satellites in one strike, then take the opportunity to kill the second target.

According to Feng Ye’s plan, he had to kill these two people in a second. Then, he would lock onto the victory.

“The enemy is here. Be careful. Ullr, Old Ruan, according to the plan, you might be the enemy’s first target. Attention.”

While Ah Huang was using the temporary communication network to remind everyone, Xu Tui’s mind power also circulated carefully. He used the blizzard domain force field to search for the enemy’s true body.

The moment he found the enemy’s location was when the ambush began. A ball of green light suddenly lit up a thousand meters away from Ullr. The enemy’s location was exposed. They attacked at the same time.

A ball of net-like green light had already enveloped Ullr’s hiding place like lightning. Almost at the same time, lightning flashed away from Ullr’s body. Xu Tui’s order and his attack rose at the same time. “Kill!”

The moment he said the word ‘kill’, a ball of ice seal had already exploded into the clouds and enveloped the green light.

Feng Ye in the green light was very surprised. An ambush? However, at this moment, he couldn’t care less. With the enhancement of the Blizzard Domain and the enhancement of all the new stars in his body, this ball of ice seal was extremely powerful. A cold light instantly enveloped Feng Ye.

He was trapped!

This was the first step of Xu Tui’s tactic, fixing his position. As long as Feng Ye was fixed, the rest would be easy. However, the moment the ice seal enveloped it, the green light exploded. The exploding green light shattered Xu Tui’s ice seal. The ice seal was only Xu Tui’s bait. Xu Tui’s true killing move to restrict Feng Ye was the main planet’s force field of mind power.

The main planet of mind power, which had already reached the mid-stage of the eighth star halo, instantly reached the mid-stage of the ninth star halo under the enhancement of all the new stars. The realistic characteristics of the mind power force field had already enveloped Feng Ye at this moment.

This was another restriction!

Xu Tui only needed an instant. Almost at the same time, the black eye in his left eye that he had prepared beforehand flashed slightly. Foreign body teleportation!

Feng Ye was shocked and furious the moment he was restricted by Xu Tui’s mind power.

He had been tricked! He had misjudged!

Among the Blue Star troops in front of him, the greatest threat was not the Eight Satellites, but the well-disguised Seven Satellites who were leading the attack. It was already a little late, though. An indescribable tearing sensation instantly covered Feng Ye’s entire body.

The foreign body teleportation was successful. The ball of green light that was restricted by Xu Tui’s main planet’s force field instantly split into two. Even Xu Tui was a little surprised by this scene.

It was done just like that?

Judging from the strength of the enemy’s attack just now and other intelligence, the enemy in front of him far exceeded the average Nine Satellites Planetary realm. He might be at the Nebula Realm.

Could a Nebula Realm expert be killed so easily?

In his surprise, Xu Tui glanced at Ullr, who was on the other side.

Ullr immediately turned into lightning and fled into the distance. The speed of the green wind net was even faster. It was like a green bolt of lightning that directly enveloped the bolt of lightning that Ullr had transformed into.

That was only a remnant of Ullr’s lightning escape. Even this remnant was affected by the terrifying power of the green wind net. It was as if it was affected by the aftershock.

However, Ullr, who had been affected by the aftershock, instantly trembled violently. He immediately fell out of the lightning in the void and spat out blood.

Ullr was shocked! This was only a portion of the aftershock. If he had been trapped by the green wind net just now, he would definitely be finished. And it was the kind that had his soul dispersed!

Xu Tui was also shocked when he saw this scene. Was the enemy just now so powerful? This shock instantly gave Xu Tui an indescribable sense of difference. His combat strength was so terrifying, but he was easily killed by Xu Tui’s foreign body teleportation.

An instinctive thought instantly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. This was abnormal. Most importantly, no mental body appeared in the ball of green light that was killed by the foreign body teleportation.

There’s something wrong!

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s eight layers of Vajra Barrier instantly extended out of his body. An empty shell-like ice mountain instantly materialized and enveloped him.

Two balls of green light exploded in the air. A ball of green light was 1,500 meters away from Xu Tui. The green light emitted an extremely shocking power fluctuation.

It was Feng Ye!

Feng Ye was there!

The other ball of green wind net had already enveloped Xu Tui’s head. The green wind net that caused Ullr to vomit blood instantly enveloped Xu Tui and fell.

“As expected, you have some ability! If not for the fact that I have the Wind Shadow Divine Demon, I would have failed miserably today!” Feng Ye’s cold laugh entered Xu Tui’s ears. “But now, die!”

The green wind net instantly landed. The green light exploded and cut the ice mountain and the eight layers of Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui used to defend into countless fragments..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1