Chapter 1680 - 1680 Something Is Wrong With An Xiaoxue (1)

Chapter 1680 - 1680 Something Is Wrong With An Xiaoxue (1)

According to the habits of the Blue Star, tomorrow was New Year’s Day. In Huaxia, this was one of the most important holidays other than the Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Festival.

When one was on a different planet, they would miss their family more than ever. Today was also the third day since the Blue Star Expeditionary Force arrived at Asteroid 421. The plunder-type cultivation had been completed with the greatest efficiency.

Xu Tui could sense that there was still about 2% of the underground earth vein of Asteroid 421.

The reason why he kept it and did not use it all at once was that other than Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s predatory cultivation, the rest of the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force also needed a certain amount of time to accumulate.

For others, when the concentration of energy reached a certain level, no matter how much the concentration of energy increased, the cultivation efficiency would not increase.

There was an upper limit to the amount of energy they could absorb into their bodies within a unit of time. Therefore, the temporary cultivation hall maintained a certain concentration of Origin Energy. If more time continued, the effect of their cultivation would be better.

At this moment, other than An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui, the others were still cultivating, especially the members of the Extreme Branch. They were exceptionally hardworking.

For example, Cui Xi was training with Yang Huai. He could improve himself through actual combat. The cultivation of the Extreme Branch required a combination of movement.

Tao Guan was asking Zhao Hailong for guidance on archery. Then, he shot arrow after arrow. As for Zhao Hailong, he stubbornly held his spear and stabbed out at lightning speed. With a thunderous sonic boom, the spear was like lightning before it was quickly retracted.

After pondering for a moment, he stabbed out again.

Luo Murong’s golden saber was like a dragon. His saber light danced, and he looked more like a moving saber light.

As the cultivation of the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force increased rapidly, especially after the destructive cultivation on the two asteroids, 407 and 421, the cultivation of the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force advanced by leaps and bounds again.

The two people with the lowest cultivation level were both at the Three Satellites Planetary realm. Most of them had broken through to the Four Satellites and Five Satellites.

Under such circumstances, the cultivation experience that the Blue Star had accumulated over the past hundred years was not enough for them. In the past hundred years, most of the cultivation paths explored by the seniors of the Blue Star were below the Five Satellites. There were only a few experts above the Five Satellites.

Moreover, every person above the Five Satellites Planetary realm was an independent individual with personality. The younger generation could not completely imitate them.

Therefore, the path of cultivation of Luo Murong, Yang Huai, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, and Cui Xi had already entered a foggy period.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1