Chapter 1687 - 1687: Breaking The Divine Demon Abnormality (1)

Chapter 1687 - 1687: Breaking the Divine Demon Abnormality (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The ice mountain and eight layers of Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui was holding outside were instantly cut into pieces by the green light net.

A faint joy appeared on Feng Ye’s face. That was how it should be. Although the Seven Satellites Planetary realm of the Blue Star was powerful, he was only a Seven Satellites. He would definitely die under his attack.

The members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force hiding in all directions also held their breaths.

If Commander Xu Tui…

The members who had this thought in their minds felt suffocated at this moment. If Commander Xu Tui really died in battle, who would be able to bring them home? Who else could?

However, just as everyone was feeling suffocated, Xu Tui’s furious roar instantly rang out. “Kill!”

Although the members did not know where Xu Tui was, his roar was an order. In an instant, everyone put aside all their disguises and focused their fire on Feng Ye according to their determined tactics.

Feng Ye was stunned! He was not dead? The lowest cultivation level of the 30-odd people was at the Four Satellites Planetary realm. Even a Nebula Realm expert like Feng Ye did not dare to ignore them. He was strong, but not invincible.

In the next moment, a wind shadow flashed. Feng Ye’s figure was blasted into pieces by dozens of attacks at the same time. On the side of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, all the Supernatural Branch cultivators with powerful mind power felt that something was amiss. Their attacks seemed to have passed through a piece of paper. There was no force. It looked like it had hit, but in reality, it did not hit the enemy’s true body.

Xu Tui, who had just appeared in the sky above the base, frowned slightly.

Divine Demon Abnormality.

The enemy in front of him also had a Divine Demon Abnormality. It seemed that he was an extremely top expert of the Spiritual Race. According to what Yanzi and the others had said, even in the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary, there was only one in 100 elders who had the divine demon abnormality.

However, most of the main elders of the Spiritual Race had the divine demon abnormality. In other words, the person in front of him was most likely a main elder of the Spiritual Race.

Of course, these thoughts only flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. He was thinking more about the characteristics of the divine demon abnormality in front of him.

How could he restrain him?

Xu Tui, who also had the divine demon abnormality, knew the power of the divine demon abnormality the best.

Wind shadow.

From the current situation, this should be an extremely powerful life-saving ability similar to a clone. It seemed that he could switch between his true body and the wind shadow extremely quickly. This way, it would be much more difficult to kill or severely injure the enemy in front of him.

As for the enemy in front of him, with every attack, as long as it hit, someone would die on the spot.

So how could he restrain him?

Just as Xu Tui was deep in thought, he suddenly sensed an abnormal fluctuation 800 meters in front of him. There was nothing unusual in the black-and-white grid world under the gaze of his left eye. This meant that the enemy in front of him was not a spatial-type. He could not restrain it from this aspect.

Xu Tui suddenly realized why the wind shadow that had just disappeared had appeared 800 meters away from him. He should continue to chase after him. The eight layers of Vajra Barrier shot out again.

Xu Tui also activated the Time Distortion Nova at the same time. Xu Tui had actually relied on the Time Distortion Nova’s time reduction ability for that attack just now. He had already strengthened the Time Distortion Nova to Level 6. Moreover, with the enhancement of the many new stars, it could already be enhanced to Level 8. The time-slowing range expanded again. The

1.5 -meter radius around Xu Tui was within the time-slowing range.

Feng Ye’s seemingly fatal attack suddenly slowed down when it landed within a meter of Xu Tui. Xu Tui could calmly use his teleportation ability and escape Feng Ye’s fatal attack. In the next moment, Feng Ye flashed out of the green shadow. The moment he appeared, he swiped his finger slightly. Another ball of green light net enveloped Xu Tui. When he appeared, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula and the ice seal blasted toward him at the same time.

Green light flashed.

Xu Tui’s ice seal and the Mountain Formula exploded at the same time. His ice seal and the Mountain Formula were like signals. In an instant, the other members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force focused their fire on Feng Ye again.

With a wave of Feng Ye’s finger, the focused fire dissipated. All the attacks seemed to have passed through a piece of paper.

Xu Tui used Time Deceleration to teleport away again. Feng Ye also disappeared again through the Wind Shadow ability. The battle seemed to have temporarily fallen into this strange cycle.

However, Xu Tui knew very well that this powerful enemy was targeting him first. If he came to his senses and gave up on chasing after him and chased after the others, that would be the start of the nightmare.

The others did not have Xu Tui’s teleportation ability to save their lives. It could be said that he could kill every one of them. He had to think of a countermeasure in a short period of time. Otherwise, the enemy in front of him might bring huge casualties to the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

It could be foreseen that this situation would not last long. The powerful enemy in front of him might change his mind.

Xu Tui had to think of a way to restrain or break the enemy’s abnormal wind shadow in a short period of time.

Otherwise…

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui teleported in another direction of the base, the green shadow of Feng Ye appeared on the other side of the base..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1