Chapter 1685 - 1685: Another Abnormality (1)

Chapter 1685 - 1685: Another Abnormality (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

January 1, 2142, the Defense Base of Asteroid 421.

The square in the base was a mess after the celebration. The packaging of wine and drinks, the residue of food scattered on the ground, and a furnace of strange-looking tools with ashes and shelves.

This was considered a relatively novel thing in the Spiritual Race. However, in the eyes of the Blue Star people, they could recognize at a glance that this was a barbecue rack.

On the other side of the square, a comical banner was also pieced together with colorful materials—Happy New Year!

The entire square was covered in a layer of ice that was not thin. It emitted waves of cold air. The ice was covered in knife-like marks. There were also a few pairs of skating shoes from the Spiritual Race’s Star Field scattered at the edge of the ice square.

A breeze blew past the base square.

Xu Tui, who was resting with his eyes closed, moved his eyes in the room closest to the base square.

The disguised Blizzard Domain Force Field had just given him abnormal feedback. An external mind power fluctuation flashed past. It was very strange. It only flashed for a moment, but it was very fast.

If Xu Tui had not set up the Blizzard Domain, he would not have noticed it.

From this point of view, the enemy was very strong. At the same time, Xu Tui’s understanding of An Xiaoxue’s Cow Star Official Seal had been refreshed.

This Cow Star Official Seal might he of a very low level in the ancient Heavenly

Court and was one of the lowest-level Star Officials. However, its ability might be the most important and needed by the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

The external mental fluctuation had disappeared in a flash. Xu Tui had not wanted to track it, but in reality, it had disappeared. Xu Tui could not track it even if he wanted to.

“Ah Huang, use the temporary communication channel to inform everyone that the enemy has appeared. Get the main battle force to prepare. Everyone, be careful. Don’t move without orders.”

Xu Tui did not dare to use his consciousness to inform everyone, afraid that the fluctuations of his mind power would alarm the enemy. On the other hand, he could use the temporary communication network that Ah Huang had formed with technological equipment without worry.

In some of the buildings around the base, many members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force were wearing a shielding suit made of special shielding materials. Only a pair of eyes were revealed as they carefully looked at the personal communication device outside the shielding suit.

These shielding suits could hide their auras to the greatest extent. Unless the enemy saw them with the naked eye or got within a few dozen meters of them, they would not be able to discover their existence.

Currently, the members of the Expeditionary Force below the Five Satellites were all prepared like this.

This was because if the members of the Expeditionary Force below the Five Satellites faced a Nine Satellites Planetary realm or even a Nebula realm powerhouse, they might be killed by the enemy in one strike. There was no room for reconciliation.

Far away, many members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force who had received Xu Tui’s message were shocked.

Two hours ago, Commander Xu Tui had urgently gathered them and said that an unprecedented powerful enemy might be chasing after them. He had made all kinds of unprecedented cautious arrangements.

Although they were all following orders, some people were still a little puzzled. Commander Xu Tui was not a fraud who could predict the future. How could he come to this conclusion without the support of concrete information?

However, at this moment, they were all secretly shocked.

An enemy that might have surpassed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm or an enemy that was extremely good at speed. After experiencing so many battles, everyone knew what such an enemy meant.

Immediately, everyone began to enter the state that Xu Tui had requested. A hundred kilometers away from the Asteroid Base 421, a figure suddenly materialized in the shadow of a small mountain.

This person was none other than the sixth seat of the Spiritual Race, Elder Feng Ye.

As an experienced wind-type Nebula-level supernatural being, Feng Ye chased after them at all costs. After arriving at Asteroid 421, the first thing he did was to check if the Blue Star troops were still there.

Otherwise, it would be difficult.

The result of the investigation was that they were still here.

They were still there!

This made Feng Ye ecstatic, but he did not attack immediately. He had fought countless battles in his life and seen many things. Moreover, he had come alone this time. Furthermore, he had expended a lot of strength along the way.

Even if he recovered as he traveled, he only had half of his current strength. Therefore, Feng Ye was constantly using his ability to investigate the combat strength of this Blue Star army in detail before attacking.

The wave of mind power that Xu Tui had sensed just now was an extremely magical ability of his.

After several reconnaissance, Feng Ye discovered a total of one Eight Satellites, nine Seven Satellites (these nine Seven Satellites are Xu Tui, Ruan Tianzuo, Little Six, and the other seven guards of the Heavenly Court), three Six Satellites. He had not discovered people below the Five Satellites yet.

According to the customs of war, people below the Five Satellites might be deep in the hidden base. This also fit the characteristics of an expeditionary army. The defense seemed to be a little lax. This was also the reason why they had scouted several times.

However, after several reconnaissance, he found the reason.

In the past hundred years, the Spiritual Race had never stopped their expedition to the solar system. As a qualified or even outstanding elder of the Sanctuary, Feng Ye had once spent a lot of effort studying the Blue Star humans in the solar system.

Including their words. In fact, the words of the Spiritual Race were very, very similar to those of the Blue Star.

Happy New Year.

Feng Ye understood these words. It should be this Blue Star army celebrating a special holiday for the Blue Star humans today..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1