Chapter 1698 - 1698: 100% Refinement (3)

Chapter 1698 - 1698: 100% Refinement (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If devouring the planet’s star core could refine it to 100%, the star core that these two seals needed should be the smallest. If he succeeded, Xu Tui could walk the path of devouring the planet’s star core in the future and increase the refinement progress of these seals to 100%.

This was Xu Tui’s bold attempt. If he could not, he could give up on this path as soon as possible. This was the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had left behind 10% of the planet’s star core today.

It was a bold attempt.

The reason why he could make such an attempt was that after the refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had soared to 99%, his control over it was strong enough even though he had not completely obtained some of the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal.

It could already control 10% of the star core power left behind. It was a huge improvement. However, Xu Tui made a new discovery during the process of controlling it. He realized that the remaining star core could continuously absorb the energy of the underground earth vein to strengthen itself.

Was this another form of restoration?

In ten hours, the original 10% of the star core had recovered to 15%. Xu Tui was not in a hurry. So what if he let it recover a little more? He would try to send it into the Ji Shui Seal after his cultivation was over.

In any case, even if all the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force cultivated with all their might, they could only use more than half of the energy in the cultivation hall.

The rest would slowly dissipate into the void.

At 1700 on the 5th of January 2142 of the Blue Star Calendar, the Worldly Expeditionary Force entered Asteroid 424 for the 26th hour. Xu Tui had extracted less than 5% of the energy in the underground earth vein of Asteroid 424.

“Alright, the cultivation is over.” Xu Tui shouted softly. Everyone in the cultivation hall stopped their cultivation. It would be more stable and safe when they passed through the quantum teleportation channel. “Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, bring two teams and loot the two nearest cities. Remember, you must reveal the tracks of the Blue Star humans. Tell the Spiritual Race that we have been to this planet,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood.”

“The other supernatural beings, enter a resting state. I don’t care if you are sleeping or using Soul Crystals. Within four hours, everyone has to recover their mind power to its peak state. Next, I want you to have the possibility of dealing with any crisis,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood.”

All the supernatural beings at the Planetary realm considered their mind power state. They either fell asleep or used Soul Crystals to recover. Ever since the expedition, Xu Tui had become an absolute authority among this group of people.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, slowly stared at the remnant of the star core controlled by the light of the Longevity Emperor’s seal. His gaze shone. After more than 20 hours of absorption, the remnant of the star core had recovered to nearly 20%.

Then, Xu Tui arrived at another empty cultivation hall and put the other seals into his body. He left behind the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the Ji Shui Seal.

The reason why he chose the Ji Shui Seal was that this seal had reached 99% of the refinement progress the earliest. It was best to use it for experiments.

Xu Tui injected his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He activated the seal and controlled the remnant of the star core to slowly fly toward the seal. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole exerted a little force. The divine light wrapped around the remnant of the star core and slowly injected into the seal.

In an instant, the light of the Ji Shui Seal began to expand. Not only did it increase drastically, but it also began to fluctuate violently.

Xu Tui was elated. It looked like there was a chance! He controlled the Ji Shui Seal to begin absorbing the remnant of the star core. Five minutes later, when the Ji Shui Seal absorbed the last bit of the star core, the seal suddenly shone brightly.

The glaring light shot into the sky like a pillar of light and into space. As if echoing it, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole also shone brightly. In an instant, the light overshadowed the light of the seal, but no pillar of light soared into the sky.

A certain star in the center of the distant Milky Way suddenly flashed abnormally. In less than a minute of abnormal flashes, a pillar of light suddenly came out of space and entered the star. The starlight of the entire planet suddenly lit up. This pillar of light instantly returned with the starlight of the planet.

A minute later, a dazzling starlight fell from space onto Asteroid 424 and instantly landed on the seal of Star Lord Ji Shui. There was a flash of light, and an indescribable sense of clarity suddenly surfaced in Xu Tui’s heart. He had succeeded! He had completely refined the Ji Shui Seal.

The depths of the universe also changed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1