Chapter 1695 - 1695: Super Theoretical Speed (3)

Chapter 1695 - 1695: Super Theoretical Speed (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

All the planets entered a state of emergency.

All the quantum teleportation channels on all the planets were closed. They could not be activated unless he gave the order. When all the planets discovered foreign troops, they had to contact the Western Star Field Military District immediately to confirm.

The safety verification time of all planets changed from once a day to three times a day. Every time, there were different passwords and verification methods. Moreover, the three verifications were handed over to three officials.

It could be said that Feng Qihan and Mu Sheng had blocked almost all the possible loopholes this time. They were determined to completely surround and kill the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

Xu Tui, who was evacuating at high speed in space after the six drones self-destructed. received a signal when Feng Ye returned to Asteroid /,7.1-

Xu Tui’s mind instantly became extremely tense when Feng Ye went back to Asteroid 421. His mind power had recovered to more than 80% in just a few hours. But he still did not have the confidence to kill Feng Ye.

Feng Ye was too strong! Moreover, if Feng Ye continued as before, the Worldly Expeditionary Force would suffer heavy losses.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to think of a way to get rid of Feng Ye. Although they had made all kinds of arrangements previously, those arrangements could at most slow down Feng Ye’s speed of catching up to them.

Xu Tui quickly made a decision.

“Lavis, recover your energy with all your might. Prepare for a short-range chaotic jump in half an hour.”

“Understood!”

“Ullr, we are going to undergo the short-range chaotic jump again,” Xu Tui informed Ullr.

Ullr was at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. Lavis could not bring him along. Hearing this notice, Ullr was furious. “You’re asking me to take the risk and travel alone again. Last time, I already missed an important cultivation opportunity. Yet you still want me to do this again? Is it fair?”

Ullr was already very depressed that he did not make it in time for his cultivation last time. Such a cultivation opportunity was equivalent to two to three years of bitter cultivation for Ullr. Missing it once had already made Ullr’s heart ache. Ullr could not take it anymore.

“Fair? You can be fair if you want!” Xu Tui did not intend to give Ullr any face. “Then cripple your cultivation now and drop it to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. Then, Lavis will be able to bring you along.”

Ullr was speechless.

“We are expected to swap between warping and flying in 45 minutes. If you don’t hold back and fly at full speed, you might arrive at the target planet at the same time as us,” Xu Tui said.

“If I don’t hold back and fly at full speed, I might be in danger if I encounter danger. I’m injured now.”

“Ullr, this is an order! Moreover, this will be the most important step when we return to the Blue Star,” Xu Tui said.

After three seconds of silence, Ullr made his choice. ‘Give me the target. I’ll set off now. ”

In a few seconds, the lightning left. However, Xu Tui did not fool Ullr at all. This was the most important step for Xu Tui and the others to take when they returned to the Blue Star. It was also a very important step in Xu Tui’s plan to return home.

The Blue Star Expeditionary Force was about to mysteriously disappear.

However, he had to make the Spiritual Race army think that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had the ability to mysteriously disappear.

He wanted them to focus on the search of the surrounding starry sky in the future and not think about anything else. Previously, when they were heading to Asteroid 407, it was the first time the Worldly Expeditionary Force had displayed a super theoretical speed.

Next, it would be the second time the Worldly Expeditionary Force displayed their super theoretical speed.

Through these two demonstrations of the super theoretical advancement speed, if the Worldly Expeditionary Force disappeared in the future, the Spiritual Race would naturally think of the super theoretical advancement speed of the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

In that case, the safety turning point that Xu Tui had painstakingly created would truly become safe.

Forty-five minutes later, Lavis began another short-range jump..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1