Chapter 1691 - 1691: No Regrets Even In Death And A Casual Shot (2)

Chapter 1691 - 1691: No Regrets Even in Death and a Casual Shot (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Wen Xinglun carried out this order extremely firmly. However, Ullr hesitated for a moment. In the end, Ullr still carried out Xu Tui’s orders. With the current situation, it would be very easy for Ullr to get rid of Xu Tui.

However, Ullr knew very well that he did not have the ability to bring everyone back to the Blue Star alone. Therefore, even though he knew that Xu Tui was in a bad state, he had to listen to Xu Tui.

At the Defense Base, Xu Tui panted heavily. He gave Wen Xinglun and Ullr an urgent order as he frantically absorbed the mind power Origin Crystal in his hand. The speed at which mind power Origin Crystals recovered mind power was even better than Soul Crystals. However, it was very rare. Xu Tui could not bear to use it.

But he couldn’t care less today.

As he recovered his mind power, he used his remaining mind power to explore the area again. The reason why Xu Tui asked Ullr and Wen Xinglun to chase after Feng Ye was to ensure their safety. It could be considered a gift.

It was also to buy the greatest safety time for their evacuation.

“It’s still there!” In the next moment, Xu Tui, who had just sensed something, suddenly shouted excitedly. He was almost crying with joy.

“Here? What is here?” Yan Lie, who was carefully guarding Xu Tui, had a stunned expression. He had been ordered by Xu Tui not to participate in the previous battle. At this moment, he was confused.

“Tao Guan, Tao Guan is still here!” Xu Tui staggered to the place where Tao Guan’s corpse was scattered.

Previously, Tao Guan’s body had been shattered by Feng Ye. Tao Guan was an Extreme Branch cultivator. If his body was completely destroyed, he would die on the spot.

Xu Tui could sense that Tao Guan’s head was still intact. Moreover, his mental perception discovered Tao Guan’s mental body in Tao Guan’s head. Extreme Branch cultivators also had mental bodies, but they were much weaker than supernatural beings. The remaining mind power turned into a huge hand and directly extracted Tao Guan’s mental body from the lifeless head.

Otherwise, Tao Guan’s last bit of mental life force would quickly dissipate as time passed.

The members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, especially the old members, had each absorbed at least three to five Silver Spirit Boxes. Their mental bodies were also stronger than ordinary Extreme Branch cultivators, but their mind power was relatively weak.

After extracting Tao Guan’s mental body from his head, Xu Tui guided the mind power in his mind power Origin Crystal into Tao Guan’s mental body. He also communicated with Tao Guan’s mental body.

Tao Guan was not from the Supernatural Branch and was not familiar with the use of mind power.

“Commander!” After communication, Tao Guan let out a cry. “Commander, I’m afraid I can’t go home with you. However, you must help me bring my corpse back! Also, Commander, although I died in battle on this expedition, I do not regret it! I’ve already explained my personal matters in my last words book. There’s nothing else to add.”

Every member of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, including Xu Tui, had a last words book. It was backed up into several copies and handed over to Xu Tui and the others to store. Tao Guan seemed to be giving his last words. Afraid that he would dissipate in the next moment, he settled his matters as quickly as

possible.

However, his tone made Xu Tui laugh. A smile suddenly appeared on his nervous and serious face. This smile stunned Tao Guan. “Commander, you..

Tao Guan smiled bitterly. “I’m about to die, yet you’re still laughing.”

“I’m laughing at you, idiot! Don’t you know how to pay attention to your surroundings?” Xu Tui scolded.

“The situation around me?” Tao Guan was a little confused. “Commander, you don’t know, but the enemy was too fast just now. I only had time to shoot an arrow. Before I hit him, he crashed into my arms. I didn’t even have time to react.” Tao Guan thought that Xu Tui was talking about this.

“Shut up. You’ve already died in battle. If I criticize you again, there’s something wrong with my head.” “Then why are you still criticizing me?”

“Look at Little Six and the others.”

“Little Six and the others?” Tao Guan turned to look at Little Six, Kitawan, Feng Ran, Carillo, and the others, who were on guard around him. He suddenly understood what Xu Tui meant. His mental body instantly became excited.

“Commander, are you saying that… I can do it too?”

Xu Tui nodded heavily. “It’s a pity that the medical conditions here are limited. If you were on the Blue Star, your body would be able to recover since your head was still intact. However, I can only let your mental body live here,” Xu Tui said solemnly.

Hearing this, Tao Guan revealed a look of survival. “Commander, this is a war. It’s enough that the mental body can return alive.”

At the end of his sigh, Xu Tui thought that Tao Guan was thinking about something that he could not do in the future. He quickly said, “Don’t worry. After we return to the Blue Star, I might get you a new body. It will definitely allow you to fall in love.”

“Really?” Tao Guan was overjoyed. “Commander, to be honest, I haven’t had a girlfriend!”

“Commander, don’t listen to him. This fellow has even held hands before!” Cui Xi added fuel to the fire.

“Get lost. I only held your hand. I was so nervous that my palms were sweating. I didn’t do anything else,” Tao Guan quickly defended himself.

Everyone laughed when they heard that. However, amidst the laughter, someone turned around and secretly wiped his tears. He had almost lost a good comrade and a good brother.

Fortunately…

Then, Xu Tui called Little Six and Kitawan over and took out a Seven Satellites Planetary realm guard. In less than two minutes, Tao Guan’s mental body was injected into the body of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm guard..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1