Chapter 1699 - 1699: The Reappearance Of The Tunnel And The Plan Of Two Clans (1)

Chapter 1699 - 1699: The Reappearance of the Tunnel and the Plan of Two Clans (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Western Star Field, Asteroid 424.

The moment the Star Lord Ji Shui’s seal was completely refined, Xu Tui’s mind power completely fused into it for the first time. He understood all the abilities of the Star Lord’s seal.

The Ji Shui Seal, because he had completely refined it, flashed with light.

Although it did not dare to compete with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole that he had yet to completely refine, it was the most beautiful seals amongst the seals that Xu Tui had.

However, what Xu Tui did not know was that at the same time, in the middle of the distant Milky Wav. a star suddenly flashed with light- Its brightness

instantly surpassed all the stars in the surrounding Star Field.

The light of this star only lasted for a second. The time was extremely short. After the light flashed, the starlight shrank slightly. Only a starlight that was difficult to see with the naked eye entered the depths of the universe.

A second of light was too short. Under normal circumstances, unless someone deliberately observed and stared at this planet, it would be difficult to discover such a change. However, to some existences, this second of brilliance seemed to have shone on their tightly shut eyes.

A second later, on the other side of the Milky Way, starlight suddenly flashed in the pitch-black universe.

The originally empty, illusory, and pitch- black universe suddenly bloomed with specks of starlight. As the starlight bloomed, a ball of light appeared out of thin air. The phantom of the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race that had appeared previously suddenly materialized.

The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race was flickering with light. His appearance could not be seen clearly, but he was standing with his hands behind his back, staring at the place where the starlight had shone in the universe just now.

As the staring time continued, the small universe beside the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race suddenly fluctuated like waves.

“The Star Lord’s seal recognize its owner? The seal of the Star Lord of the 28 Constellations has recognized its owner… Moreover… the place where it has recognized its owner is in the Spiritual Race’s Star Field! How dare you!”

Anger rose on the illusory face condensed by the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race. In the next moment, two corporeal pillars of light shot out of his eyes and instantly jumped to the planet that had been flickering with starlight.

The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race wanted to pursue the ownership of the Ji Shui Seal.

The Star Lord’s seal was inextricably related to its intrinsic star, especially after the Star Lord’s seal returned and recognized its owner. This connection was even stronger. With his level, he could track them down.

In an instant, the ball of light with the Holy Ancestor’s will landed on the shining star just now.

At the same time, on Asteroid 424.

Xu Tui, who was immersing his mind power into the Star Lord’s seal and sensing the various powers of the Star Lord’s seal that he had completely refined, suddenly felt an inexplicable coldness surge into his heart.

In the next moment, Xu Tui realized that the source of this inexplicable sense of danger was the Ji Shui Seal that he had just completely refined.

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He thought of many things. He thought of the Holy

Ancestor of the Spiritual Race, the lord of the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan’s Yuan. These people might be the strongest people in the universe that Xu Tui knew. The worst thing was that these people might all live in the Milky Way.

Then Xu Tui had just…

Xu Tui immediately reacted as his imagination ran wild. It was just like a tiger coming to the village. The first reaction of all the villagers was to close the door and turn off the lights. Since this sense of crisis was transmitted through the Star Lord’s seal, Xu Tui’s first reaction was to hide the Star Lord’s seal.

Almost as soon as he thought about it, he instantly retracted the Star Lord’s seal that had just shone brightly into his body. He also retracted the other seals into his body.

However, in Xu Tui’s mental perception, the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal that he had completely refined was a little dazzling even if he retracted it into his body.

Xu Tui could sense that the completely refined Ji Shui Star Lord Seal had vaguely established a mysterious connection with the void or the universe. At least, after retracting it into his body, most of the sinister sense of crisis immediately disappeared.

However, it did not completely disappear.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. Three seconds later, he activated the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole and enveloped the seal.

The moment it was enveloped by the divine might of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, a faint warmth enveloped Xu Tui’s entire body. The cold sense of crisis from before had completely disappeared.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. This feeling would not lie.

The moment the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race appeared in the universe again, the light that had entered the depths of the universe from the Ji Shui Seal finally arrived at its destination.

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, a light descended from the sky. The Ji Shui Star Lord’s Hall suddenly flashed with light. It was as if it had come to life in the entire gray and gloomy small universe of the Heavenly Court. It was exceptionally bright.

Bao Zhang, who had been living in Shenxiao Prefecture, suddenly felt his heart palpitate.

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the revived Ji Shui Star Lord Hall was like a large pump that had suddenly been activated for the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The vast amount of Origin Energy accumulated around the small universe of the Heavenly Court instantly replenished into the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, there were actually some palaces that revealed flickering vitality before this, but most of them were very small..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1