Chapter 1692 - 1692: No Regrets Even In Death And A Casual Shot (3)

Chapter 1692 - 1692: No Regrets Even in Death and a Casual Shot (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Then, Tao Guan clumsily controlled the Heavenly Court guard. In a few moves, he became proficient.

“Old Ki, how’s the problem I asked you to study?” Xu Tui called Kitawan over and asked.

“Commander, I’ve already obtained preliminary results from the problem you asked me to study. The current situation is that we can’t increase the cultivation of the Heavenly Court guards while we are in their bodies. However, a physical body like the Heavenly Court guards can protect our mental bodies

to a certain extent. At the same time, it was only basic protection.

“The bodies of the guards of the Heavenly Court can slowly replenish the consumption of our mind power when they have sufficient energy. However, they can only maintain the balance. They can’t increase our mind power and mind power through cultivation,” Kitawan said.

“That’s all?” Xu Tui’s gaze turned cold.

Kitawan, who had been frightened by Xu Tui’s cold gaze, quickly said, “There’s more, there’s more! We can actually cultivate our mental bodies and mind power, but all of our cultivation has to rely on external objects.”

“External objects? In other words, as long as you have a Soul Crystal or a mind power Origin Crystal, you can strengthen your mental body and mind power?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, Commander. I’ve already used up all the Soul Crystals you gave me previously. I didn’t find any obvious side effects. My mind power level is currently about the Four Satellites Planetary realm.

“Of course, we still need more Soul Crystals if we want to continue testing,” Kitawan said.

“Alright, I’ll give it to you. Continue testing. You have to record any changes and hand them over to me.” As he spoke, Xu Tui casually threw 100 grams of Soul Crystals to Kitawan. Kitawan took them and was overjoyed. “Give me all your cultivation methods and cultivation experience.”

Soon, Kitawan handed these things to Xu Tui truthfully. Xu Tui took a few closer glances and saw that there were no problems. He then handed it over to

Tao Guan.

“You should study this well. As long as your mental body is strong enough in the future, anything is possible,” Xu Tui said.

“Thank you, Commander.” Tao Guan took it solemnly.

Then, Xu Tui handed the three Silver Spirit Boxes, 20 grams of mind power

Origin Crystals, and 100 grams of Soul Crystals to Tao Guan. “Absorb the Silver

Spirit Boxes first, then the mind power Origin Crystals, and finally the Soul Crystals. Remember, you have to be slow. Contact me immediately if you have any problems.”

Tao Guan naturally accepted it. Kitawan’s eyes widened. If this batch of resources was given to him, it would not be a problem for his mental body to soar to the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

“If you study it well, you will naturally be rewarded,” Xu Tui reminded Kitawan indifferently.

There was naturally a huge difference in the treatment of captives like him who surrendered and people like Tao Guan. In the future, at least until he found a new and suitable body for Tao Guan, Xu Tui planned to do his best to nurture Tao Guan’s mental body.

“Clean up the traces and prepare to leave this planet.” After Xu Tui gave the order, the others were about to evacuate when they called Zhao Hailong over. “Hailong, what was that shot just now?”

Zhao Hailong’s spear had actually blocked Feng Ye for a moment. If not for that spear, Tao Guan might not have been the only casualty in the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

“This…” Zhao Hailong rubbed his head. “I just follow my usual practice and stab with my spear based on my feelings. I’ve practiced this at least a million times. It feels like a casual shot.” Xu Tui was stunned.

It felt like a casual shot.

What the f*ck…

Such a powerful shot was just a casual shot. However, Xu Tui already understood a little. Perhaps even Zhao Hailong did not understand how powerful this spear was. However, Zhao Hailong’s spear had been obtained through countless perseverance. It seemed easy, but in reality, the hardest thing in this world was perseverance.

“Commander, we’ve lost him.” Lightning flashed. Wen Xinglun and Ullr appeared in front of Xu Tui. “How far did you chase?”

“He disappeared less than a minute after we reached outer space. This guy’s movement technique is extremely fast and extremely strange,” Ullr said.

“Okay, prepare to evacuate.”

On the 1st of January 2142, five Aerospace Combat Jets soared into the sky from Asteroid 421 in the west of the Spiritual Race. Five minutes later, the flames disappeared into outer space.

Xu Tui left six reconnaissance drones on Asteroid 421 and kept circling and patrolling.

If they noticed the return of Feng Ye or other powerful energy fluctuations, these reconnaissance drones would immediately send a signal to Xu Tui to warn them before self-destructing.

“All the injured, recover with all your might. The rest of the uninjured and slightly injured, stay alert and deal with any unexpected situations. We can’t be careless before we reach the next planet.” Xu Tui’s voice sounded in the fleet..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1