Chapter 1697 - 1697: 100% Refinement (2)

Chapter 1697 - 1697: 100% Refinement (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Asteroid 421.

Feng Qihan, the commander of the Western Star Field Military Region, had just rushed to Asteroid 421. Before he could understand the situation of Asteroid 421, he received an urgent report from the command center of the Western Star Field Military Region.

The routine safety verification of Asteroid 424 had not passed. There had been a problem. The current situation was unknown. The communication had been completely cut off. There was a high chance that it had been invaded by the Blue Star troops who had escaped from Asteroid 421.

This information stunned Feng Qihan. He immediately activated the military star map. “In theory, it will take at least seven days for the Nine Satellites

Planetary realm of the Spiritual Race to arrive at Asteroid 424 from Asteroid 421.

“According to the information, with the speed of the Blue Star’s fighter jets, it would take at least eight and a half days. Even a Nine Satellites wind-type and lightning-type supernatural being of the Spiritual Race, they would need more than four and a half days to rush over.

“But now, in three and a half days, the Blue Star troops rushed from Asteroid 421 to Asteroid 424. Can anyone tell me why? What exactly happened?” Feng Qihan had a headache.

After a short silence, in the communication meeting, the chief of staff of the Western Star Field Military District, Feng Zidao, said, “Commander, the last time they arrived at Asteroid 407 from Asteroid 399, their speed was also strange. They only used half of the theoretical speed to arrive at Asteroid 407.

“At that time, we suspected that this Blue Star army might have used a special supernatural ability or prop to move quickly. But theoretically, be it special supernatural abilities or props, they would pay a huge price. Furthermore, they could not be replicated. Yet from the looks of it, our analysis is wrong,” Feng Zidao said.

“How wrong?”

“Commander, this Blue Star army might have a super theoretical speed of advancement. Moreover, they can use this super theoretical speed normally.”

“Using it normally…”

Ordinary people would not be able to understand how Feng Qihan was feeling at this moment. Only the commander, Feng Qihan, knew how difficult it would be to surround and kill someone with the characteristic of having a super theoretical speed.

Now, he somewhat understood why the first three encirclements had failed. This fourth encirclement also became less optimistic because of this discovery. This meant that the Blue Star army they surrounded had the ability to appear and disappear unpredictably.

After a long time, Feng Qihan raised his head. There was only luck in his eyes. Fortunately, he was lucky enough. There were also two scapegoats above his head.

Even if the fourth and fifth encirclement failed, the first huge blame would definitely be carried by the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng. Moreover, Mu Sheng’s physique was large enough to carry it. The second blame would definitely be carried by the commander of the Northern Star Field Military District, Huo Xiao.

However, Feng Qihan would have to take the third blame. Although it was the third blame, it was not easy to take it. If he had a choice, he would not take the blame. Therefore, at this moment, as long as there was a chance, Feng Qihan wanted to successfully surround and kill this Blue Star army.

And he would do his very best.

“Connect me to Elder Mu Sheng immediately!”

Asteroid 424 Defense Base.

This time, Ullr was lucky enough. Ullr arrived less than four hours after Xu Tui attracted the energy from the underground earth vein of Asteroid 424.

Ullr had been severely injured during his battle with Feng Ye. After four consecutive days of traveling without sleep, not only did his injuries not recover at all, but they also showed signs of deteriorating.

Ullr, who had arrived, immediately entered the temporary cultivation hall. In a place with such a terrifying concentration of energy, his cultivation and injuries would increase and recover at the same time.

Xu Tui frowned as he cultivated. The refinement progress of the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal had reached 99%. The remnant of a star core was controlled by the light of the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal.

In fact, when he had only devoured three-tenths of the core of Asteroid 424, the refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had soared to 99%. After that, Xu Tui devoured another 60%. The refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole was still stuck at 99%. There was no improvement.

This was not surprising. It would be a surprise if the refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal jumped to 100%.

Xu Tui’s other four seals had been stuck at 99% for a long time. They had not been completely refined. In that case, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole would definitely be stuck at 99% of the refinement progress for a long time.

The problem was that according to Xu Tui’s current understanding, if he wanted to unleash its true power, he had to refine it 100%. Otherwise, it would at most increase its power a little.

Today, Xu Tui had another thought after he reached 99% of the refinement progress. This was also one of the reasons why Xu Tui had left behind the remnants of the planet’s star core today. He wanted to see if he could refine the Star Official Seal to 100% by continuously devouring the planet’s star core.

In theory, it had been a long time since the refining progress of Jing Mu Seal and Ji Shui Seal had reached 99%. He had already achieved it before he came to the Spiritual Race’s Star Field..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1