Chapter 1693 - 1693: Super Theoretical Speed (1)

Chapter 1693 - 1693: Super Theoretical Speed (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Asteroid 421 of the Western Star Field.

Three hours after the Worldly Expeditionary Force left, a light wind blew past the planet’s defense base. A ball of green light quickly passed through the defense base. The intense energy fluctuations instantly caused the six drones that Xu Tui had arranged to let out an ear-piercing alarm.

The onboard laser arms of the six drones focused their fire on the high-energy ball of light that had been detected. It would be strange if the weapons on the drone could blast the wind.

The green shadow flashed continuously. After the three rounds of shots from the drone missed, they all self-destructed according to the procedure. The green figure was a little surprised, but it was still extremely cautious. It patrolled the planet’s defense base several times at high speed.

After confirming that it was absolutely safe, the green figure stopped and slowly floated into the base command center. The command center was already in ruins.

“They’ve already retreated?” Feng Ye left the command center of the base. He spread out his mind power and looked into space. With his powerful mind power, he could still vaguely sense several remnant energy fluctuations. Although it was very blurry, as long as he chased after them, he would become clearer.

The green shadow instantly soared into the sky, but when it rushed into outer space, it suddenly stopped. The energy fluctuations here became very chaotic. It seemed that a huge explosion had occurred. The energy traces from before were interrupted here.

A few minutes later, Feng Ye rushed past the range of the explosion. The light and shadow trembled slightly.

The retreating Blue Star troops deliberately created a huge energy fluctuation here, causing the energy fluctuations here to become extremely chaotic. It also increased the difficulty of his tracking.

If he had not lost his physical body, he would have been able to find the energy fluctuations of the enemy’s retreat in one to two hours, regardless of the consumption of his mind power. Energy fluctuations seemed untouchable, but their frequency was actually fixed. Relatively speaking, it was easier to find.

However, Feng Ye did not continue searching. Instead, he turned into a green light and returned to Asteroid 421. Previously, he only wanted to provide some direction for Feng Qihan’s search. He did not want to take the risk himself. His current state was actually a more dangerous state.

After returning to Asteroid 421, Feng Ye first took out a quantum array core and began to build it on Asteroid 421. It was very fast. In less than 15 minutes, a brand new quantum teleportation channel was communicated and built.

However, this quantum teleportation channel was not used to gather reinforcements. Instead, it was a retreat channel specially used by Feng Ye.

This quantum teleportation channel led to a private planet. This planet had the most advanced medical and cloning systems.

There was a backup physical body there.

Feng Ye still brought along the physical fragments that had been killed previously. The current technology could grow a new Feng Ye through the remaining physical body. However, be it the spare body that he had cloned previously or the body that had grown out of the remnant corpse, they could not compare to the original body.

The compatibility of the mental body might be less than 0.1%. Such a difference determined that his backup physical body would never be able to compare to his original physical body. In the future, unless there were special fortuitous encounters, Feng Ye’s strength would forever be fixed at the current Nebula Realm. His strength would also decrease a little.

Theoretically, there was still a chance in breaking through and condensing a

Small Universe. But it was very difficult to achieve that even with his original physical body, let alone now.

Of course, the most important thing now was survival, for him to exist normally in the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. Therefore, Feng Ye planned to secretly return to his private planet and change to a backup body. He would appear in front of others again as if nothing had happened.

As for the fact that he had been severely injured and lost his physical body, he did not even plan to tell Feng Qihan.

The position of the main elder of the Spiritual Race was too popular.

Who knew what would happen once it was revealed?

After confirming that the quantum teleportation channel was normal, Feng Ye considered it and took out another 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He was prepared to throw them into the quantum teleportation channel when he teleported later.

The abnormal situation of the quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 1142 had already been reported to the Sanctuary, so they were very careful.

After making all the preparations, Feng Ye took out an advanced Ling Inquiry Disk from the quantum dimensional chain. After twisting it for a while, Feng Qihan’s voice sounded from it.

“Uncle, have you arrived at Asteroid 421?” Feng Qihan’s voice was filled with surprise and anticipation.

“I’m already here.” Feng Ye’s voice was very calm.

Feng Qihan was overjoyed when he heard that. “Uncle, you’re the best. You arrived so quickly. What about the Blue Star troops? Did you catch up? Did they evacuate Asteroid 421?”

“They hadn’t evacuated when I arrived, but now, they have.”

“What?” Feng Qihan’s thoughts were extremely agile. He immediately thought of something. “Uncle, how are you? Are you alright?”

Feng Ye had arrived, but the Blue Star enemies had retreated. This meant that Feng Ye might have suffered a loss.

“I suffered a little loss and was injured. I might need to rest for more than ten days to recover. However, I’ve already figured out the background of this Blue Star army. I’ll leave them to you,” Feng Ye said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1