Chapter 1690 - 1690: No Regrets Even In Death And A Casual Shot

Chapter 1690 - 1690: No Regrets Even in Death and a Casual Shot

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, the moment Feng Ye’s physical body was killed and his mental body escaped, he had many thoughts or choices.

Escape was not his first choice.

Although his physical body had been killed and his mental body had been injured, to a Nebula Realm expert of the supernatural being-type, having his physical body killed had only reduced his combat strength by 20%.

He was still a Nebula Realm expert even after his combat strength had decreased by 20%. His strength was still very powerful.

Of course, the death of his physical body also made him face a predicament. For example, if his physical body was destroyed, his mind power would decrease with each use. Furthermore, any energy fluctuations in the outside world would continuously wear down his mind power. The only way for him to recover his mind power was to use external objects.

Even things like mind power Origin Crystals or Silver Spirit Boxes, or the Spiritual Race’s Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill that specialized in treating mental injuries, were useless. Without a physical body, pills were useless.

Even so, in terms of strength, he was still very powerful after losing his physical body. He had two choices in front of him. The first was to kill this batch of Blue Star enemies with his remaining power, then do something else. The second was to escape far away to save his life.

Was the first choice possible?

In theory, there was a high possibility. According to the rules of the universe, any power had to be used at a corresponding energy consumption or price.

In that case, Xu Tui must have expended a lot of energy when he used the sharp attack of severely injuring his mental body and then killing his physical body.

Logically speaking, a Seven Satellites Planetary realm existence has very likely exhausted his own strength after he could severely injure a veteran Nebula Realm mental body and kill his body.

If he were to speculate based on this point, Xu Tui, who was an extreme threat to him, might no longer be a threat. As for the other members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, in Feng Ye’s opinion, most of them were not a threat.

Other than the two lightning-type supernatural beings and the space-type

supernatural being in the Planetary realm, he could basically kill everyone else with a wave of his hand.

Were there any exceptions?

Feng Ye did not know this! In theory, even in his current state, he could wipe out the team in front of him.

Tvvo minutes ago, before Feng Ye’s physical body was lost and his mental body was not severely injured, he could theoretically easily wipe out this Blue Star army and obtain what he wanted.

But in reality? He had misjudged. Not only was his physical body cut off, but his mental body was also severely injured. This was especially so when his mental body was severely injured. In reality, it was his mind power origin and his soul body that was severely injured.

This was not like recovering one’s mind power after a night’s sleep.

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword just now had obliterated hundreds of years of bitter cultivation in the area of the mental body. This made Feng Ye a little afraid.

What if he attacked again? What if there was someone in the Blue Star army who had similar methods?

In an instant, Feng Ye realized that if he chose the first option and continued to surround and kill this Blue Star army in his mental body state, he would be taking a gamble.

If he won this bet, he would surround and kill this Blue Star army and make a great contribution. At the same time, he would obtain the secret or ability of this Blue Star army to allow many people to pass through the quantum portal at the same time.

If he obtained this secret, he would have more confidence in the Sanctuary in the future. He would have an extremely powerful trump card in the future battle for the throne.

But what if he lost the bet? If he lost the bet, he would lose his life! If he lost the bet, his soul would dissipate! If he died, he would have nothing. The sixth seat that he had worked hard for for most of his life would be finished. Even his family would suffer heavy losses because of his death.

Once they did not have his protection, the benefits his family enjoyed would quickly be targeted and swallowed by others. Where would they go then?

How should he choose? Actually, when he thought of this, he already had an answer in his heart. If he won this gamble, it would be like icing on the cake for him. But what if he lost the bet? His soul would dissipate and everything would return to zero. He had already lost his life. What was the point of icing on the cake?

If he’s alive, everything is here!

If he died, everything would be for naught.

Then what was the benefit of this gamble?

Without hesitation, after making an extremely simple comparison, he chose— escape!

As long as his life was there, everything was there! It did not matter what state Xu Tui, who could threaten his life, was in. At that moment, what was important was his life. He did not want to gamble on the probability. He had already failed once. He could not fail a second time.

Therefore, Feng Ye was extremely determined.

Feng Ye was determined to leave. Wen Xinglun and Ullr were determined to chase after him.

Even though Feng Ye was seriously injured, his speed was still extremely fast.

He used the Wind Shadow divine demon abnormality extremely well. Wen Xinglun and Ullr’s lightning-type supernatural abilities did not even hit him a second time.

In just a few seconds, the green light formed by Feng Ye disappeared into the horizon.

Ullr had been severely injured previously. He originally only wanted to feint and catch up. However, when he wanted to retreat, he received Xu Tui’s order. “Wen Xinglun, Ullr, the two of you chase after him with all your might. Chase after him for at least five minutes.. Send him far away before coming back!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1