Chapter 1696 - 1696: 100% Refinement (1)

Chapter 1696 - 1696: 100% Refinement (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Asteroid 424 of the Western Star Field.

This was the closest planet to Asteroid 421. According to the average flying speed of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race, it would take seven days for their bodies to cross space to reach this planet.

According to the flying speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet on the Blue Star, it would take eight to nine days to arrive. However, Mu Sheng and Feng Qihan were extremely cautious during the fourth round of encirclement.

From the start, they ordered the planets within 30 days of Asteroid 421 to enter a state of emergency.

Although Xu Tui had expected this, the situation was much more serious than he had imagined.

On January 4, 2142, the Worldly Expeditionary Force, which had flown to Asteroid 424 at a super theoretical speed, repeated the same trick.

They directly impersonated a Spiritual Race unit and requested to enter Asteroid 424 to rest. But the alert team of Asteroid 424 insisted the combat team, who was impersonated by Xu Tui and the others, report the serial number of the combat team and carried it out extremely firmly.

Fortunately, Xu Tui’s auxiliary abilities had become stronger. With the excuse that the combat missions were special, the combat missions and their numbers could only be confirmed with the Western Star Field Military District.

Xu Tui directly explained that he would enter the Defense Base of Asteroid 424 and personally confirm his identity with the military. The other combat teams would then enter the planet to rest. The commander of the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 424 was not afraid of only one person entering.

What could a person do?

Of course, the final outcome was to lure the wolf into the house.

Xu Tui entered the Defense Base of Asteroid 424 alone. Along the way, the Planetary realm experts in the Defense Base, including the Six Satellites commander, were all hypnotized by Xu Tui.

The Worldly Expeditionary Force successfully entered the Defense Base of Asteroid 424. There were two quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 424. There were no cosmic tunnel nodes.

Xu Tui would definitely do a lot of homework before he chose a planet to settle down on. Staying on a planet with a cosmic tunnel node was no different from tempting fate. After being discovered, the Spiritual Race army would gather in half an hour to an hour.

After successfully infiltrating Asteroid 424, Xu Tui immediately sent out a small team to raid the fortress base where the two quantum teleportation channels were. Everything went smoothly. Ah Huang had successfully controlled the quantum network of the entire planet. Under normal circumstances, it would not be a problem to hide here for three to five days.

According to Xu Tui’s plan, they would take the initiative to be exposed in two days and mysteriously disappear. However, the accident happened four hours after Xu Tui and the others infiltrated Asteroid 424.

A communication request sounded in the Command Hall of the Asteroid 424’s Defense Base. The caller was the command center of the Western Star Field Military District.

Xu Tui immediately ordered the Commander of the Planetary Defense Base to come over and answer the call. He told him through his spiritual radiation that everything would be treated as normal. Everything was normal on Asteroid 424.

After the call was connected, Xu Tui, who was listening, realized that this was the daily safety verification of the Western Star Field Military Command.

Xu Tui did not mind. He had experienced it on Asteroid 407 in the past. He just had to let the commander verify it normally.

However, less than 30 seconds after the verification, the expression of the staff

of the Western Star Field Military Command changed drastically. They said that the safety verification had failed and asked what was going on.

Xu Tui, who did not know what had gone wrong, hung up when he saw this. Ten minutes later, Xu Tui found the reason after a more detailed interrogation of the commander of the Planetary Defense Base on Asteroid 424.

This was his negligence, and the enemy had learned his lesson. The commander of the Spiritual Race who had surrounded them this time was even more shrewd and cautious than Xu Tui had imagined.

There were three safety verifications a day. The candidates and procedures for each safety verification were different.

According to the rules of the Western Star Field Military District, this was the second safety verification. According to the procedure, this safety verification had to be picked up by the commander first. After passing the verification, it had to be transferred to the commander of the current No. 1 quantum teleportation channel base for safety verification.

There was a loophole in this after being hypnotized by Xu Tui. The enemy already knew that there was a problem with Asteroid 424. They would definitely guess that the Blue Star troops had invaded Asteroid 424.

However, Xu Tui did not panic. So what if the Spiritual Race knew that they were currently on Asteroid 424?

In theory, Xu Tui and the others had a few days of safety period after infiltrating Asteroid 424. According to risk control, the enemy’s lightning and wind-type supernatural beings would have to travel at full speed for at least three and a half days.

However, if another powerful enemy like the one he had encountered on Asteroid 421 came, the safety time would be sharply reduced to a day and a half to two days.

A day and a half was enough.

Xu Tui had achieved his goal of exposing his super theoretical speed when he was discovered by the enemy this time.

“Little Six, I’ll leave the vigilance to you. The rest of you, cultivate at full speed. Yanzi, build a quantum teleportation channel in the base, but don’t activate it completely. Just build it to a state where it can be activated at any time.”

Xu Tui gave a series of orders. Then, he also stepped into another temporary cultivation hall that had been set up with an energy gathering array. He continued to cultivate. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and many other seals hung above the cultivation hall. They emitted a faint light, and their auras were slowly increasing..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1