Chapter 1694 - 1694: Super Theoretical Speed (2)

Chapter 1694 - 1694: Super Theoretical Speed (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Since Feng Ye had said so, Feng Qihan did not dare to ask anything else.

Next, Feng Ye told him the basic situation of the Worldly Expeditionary Force through the Ling Inquiry Disk.

The total number of people, the strongest combat strength, and the characteristics of their combat strength. How many Eight Satellites, how many Seven Satellites, and so on. This included the characteristics of the Supernatural Branch that Feng Ye knew.

In the end, Feng Ye even emphasized, “There’s someone you have to be extremely careful when you fight. This person is in the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. His aura fluctuations are mainly earth-element and ice-element. However, this person might have one or two divine demon abnormalities.

This person should be the true expert who had killed our Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“I was only slightly injured because I misjudged the Eight Satellites Planetary realm expert. If you find it, you must be extremely careful.”

A divine demon abnormality! Feng Qihan had a solemn expression. As the commander of the Western Star Field, Feng Qihan understood the power of the divine demon abnormality too well. In the Spiritual Race, any expert who had activated a divine demon abnormality had combat strength that far exceeded most people. They had the ability to kill enemies above their level.

“Uncle, the Blue Star troops escaped Asteroid 421. Can you track their escape direction?” Feng Qihan could not help but ask.

If Feng Ye knew the approximate direction of the retreat of the Blue Star troops, his subsequent encirclement and suppression arrangements would be much easier.

However, Feng Ye disappointed him.

“The enemy is very cunning. They created a larger range of energy shockwaves, making it impossible for me to track them.” After saying that, Feng Ye did not give Feng Qihan a chance to ask. “Alright, I’ve given you all the information about this Blue Star army. Next, arrange for a large group to surround them as soon as possible. Remember, don’t be careless at all. Let me know immediately if there are any results.”

“Understood.”

After ending the communication, Feng Ye immediately sprinkled 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals into the quantum teleportation channel. He also used his mind power to turn them into Origin Energy. Then, he stepped into the quantum teleportation channel and disappeared.

Less than three minutes after Feng Ye disappeared, the quantum teleportation channel silently collapsed. There was no need for this quantum teleportation channel that led directly to his private planet.

Next, Feng Ye needed some quiet restoration time. In about half a month, he would be able to appear in front of the world again, exactly the same as before. No one knew that he, the sixth main elder of the Sanctuary, had already lost his physical body.

No one…

On the other side, Feng Qihan, who had ended his communication with Feng Ye, had a helpless expression. He was even a little confused. All the encirclement forces were currently moving towards Asteroid 421, but the enemy had already evacuated Asteroid 421.

Most importantly, he did not have a direction. Under such circumstances, the tracking direction could only be centered on Asteroid 421. Any planet closer to Asteroid 421 would become the enemy’s stop.

It was not too difficult originally. There were a total of five planets around Asteroid 421 during the half-month journey. The problem was that according to the previous retreat plan of this Blue Star army, it was very likely that they would retreat to a further planet.

They had wasted a lot of time last time because of this. This made Feng Qihan very conflicted. If he expanded the surrounding planetary defense circle to 30 days, there would be as many as 11 planets that needed to be defended.

Moreover, based on the current situation, it would take more than three and a half days for their elite team to arrive at Asteroid 421. It would take at least six days for the other elite combat teams to arrive at the vicinity of Asteroid 421.

Not to mention the asteroids around Asteroid 421.

Time.

What Feng Qihan lacked the most now was time. Soon, Feng Qihan communicated with Mu Sheng about this. In name, the person who led the encirclement was the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng.

Of course, if the encirclement failed, Mu Sheng would definitely be the first to bear the blame. Feng Qihan was not given the position of the commander of the Western Star Field Military District for nothing.

Of course, the information he communicated to Mu Sheng was only limited to the basic movements of the Blue Star troops and the basic blurry combat strength data. As for the most detailed combat information, it was impossible for Feng Qihan to tell Mu Sheng.

After a long discussion after obtaining the information, Mu Sheng finally made a decision.

They would prepare with the 30 -day Planetary Defense Circle.

They spread out and moved through the quantum teleportation channels and the cosmic tunnels to other planets. Theoretically, every elite team could station two Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses on every planet in the defensive circle for 12 to 30 days.

Of course, that was not enough.

Mu Sheng’s plan was to consume 30 to 40 sets of quantum array cores at all costs. Then, he would establish a 30-day transportation network in the Planetary Defense Circle within 12 days.

It guaranteed that as long as any planet discovered the enemy, they would be able to gather four Nine Satellites Planetary realms in the shortest time possible. Through the backup quantum array core, he realized that the enemy could gather at least six Nine Satellites Planetary realm in half an hour.

Mu Sheng had staked everything on this arrangement. If he let this Blue Star army escape again, Mu Sheng would really have nowhere to put his face.

The Spiritual Race’s fourth siege of the Worldly Expeditionary Force began with the investment of manpower and resources.

Feng Qihan also gave a few death orders to the planets in the 30-day Defense

Circle..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1