Chapter 1806: The Spiritual Race’S Military God (1)

Chapter 1806: The Spiritual Race’s Military God (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Eastern Heavenly Gate.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief the moment he entered. The Eastern and Southern Heavenly Gates of the Heavenly Court’s small universe were almost identical. There was an endless empty space without a single blade of grass.

Looking into the distance now, there were densely packed military camps.

Xu Tui did not understand when he first entered the Southern Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Now, he understood why the outside of the Heavenly Gate City was thousands of miles wide.

It had a strategic role in war.

Such an open space magnified the defensive advantage of the four Heavenly

Gates. If there were foreign enemies attacking on a large scale, just like the Spiritual Race’s current attack, there were basically no other tactics to use other than a frontal attack.

Xu Tui had just landed when an officer shouted at Xu Tui, who was looking around, “What are you looking at? The war is about to begin. Hurry up and return to camp with the main force.”

Xu Tui quickly followed the main group forward. Perhaps it was because of the confidence of the army that they had mobilized, but no one here had checked his identity. However, the officer’s scolding brought Xu Tui a lot of guesses.

Was the war about to begin at any time? Didn’t that mean that the battle of the Spiritual Race’s army attacking the Eastern Heavenly Gate City had not begun?

Xu Tui quickly followed the main group forward as he turned around to size up the back. He was observing when the pursuers would catch up.

As he observed, he carefully tried to activate the seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the Ji Shui Star Lord in his body. He wanted to see if there were any long-range communication functions.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up.

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole gave Xu Tui an indescribable feeling.

It was as if there were countless auras resonating with him in front of him. However, there was a membrane between them. He knew that they existed, but he could not touch them.

Other than that, Xu Tui also realized that as he activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, his mental antennae quickly spread over with the aura of the seal.

Originally, his mental perception had been at its limit when there was no obstruction. Moreover, other powerful superb individuals would definitely sense him if he released his mental perception on such a large scale.

At this moment, the aura of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole seemed to have inserted a pair of invisible wings into Xu Tui’s mind power. At the same time, it had the characteristic of concealment.

It spread all the way in the direction of the Eastern Sky Gate City Pass. In an instant, they had explored 70 kilometers and amplified it ten times. On the 70-kilometer journey, Xu Tui could already see the camp of the Spiritual Race army. As Xu Tui advanced, his gaze kept pushing toward the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Xu Tui saw everything within a 70 -kilometer radius.

There were countless mushroom-like military camps. At the frontline were a large number of fortresses and five-colored towers that had been built. There were also fortresses and five-colored towers that were under construction.

It could be seen that the Spiritual Race was adopting a stable strategy. Through the construction of the Defense Fortress and the five-colored tower, they were steadily advancing in the direction of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

A large number of elites of the Spiritual Race were densely packed behind the defensive fortresses and five-colored towers that were being built.

It was as if the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had given Xu Tui a pair of Heavenly Eye. He looked down at everything within a 70-kilometer radius from the sky, but the target who was being looked down on did not notice it.

Suddenly, a strange feeling surfaced in Xu Tui’s heart.

Juggernaut!

When his aura fused into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, there was an indescribable sense of Juggernaut. It was as if he was the master of this world.

Of course, it was only as if.

Soon, as Xu Tui advanced, the feeling of looking down on him brought about by the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole arrived at the frontline of the Spiritual Race army. At the frontline, the Spiritual Race’s elite formation protected hundreds of thousands of fortified troops who were building defensive fortresses.

With just a glance, Xu Tui discovered more than 100 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. There were thousands of Planetary realm experts gathered here. Under the deterrence of such an elite force at the frontline, there was no movement at all at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Xu Tui was extremely surprised. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was already so magical before it was 100% refined. He used his mind power to look down on these powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realms. Most of them were superb individuals with powerful mind power. None of them noticed Xu Tui’s gaze.

However, Xu Tui’s feeling only lasted ten seconds.

While Xu Tui was constantly moving and observing the situation at the frontline of the Spiritual Race, a Spiritual Race general wearing a conspicuous black and white combat uniform suddenly looked at the sky.

Coincidentally, Xu Tui also saw the seniority badge and military rank on the chest of the Spiritual Race general’s combat uniform. He instantly gasped. The Spiritual Race general in front of him, who was wearing a different black and white combat uniform, was actually the second-rank commander of the Spiritual Race’s military.

Xu Tui was extremely familiar with the military system of the Spiritual Race. The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race was above everything, be it military affairs or the Sanctuary.

Other than that, the first-rank commander of the Spiritual Race’s military system was not permanent. Usually, the first-rank commander was the Sanctuary. Under such circumstances, the second-rank commander was the highest-ranking commander of the Spiritual Race’s military..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1