Chapter 1809: The Small Universe Of The Heavenly Court Is In Danger (1)

Chapter 1809: The Small Universe of the Heavenly Court Is in Danger (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As the confidentiality chief of the sixth main seat, Feng Qianliu knew about the large-scale operation against the small universe of the Heavenly Court within the Spiritual Race. At the same time, she knew that she had already arrived at the battlefield.

On the battlefield, military law was the most important. The commander-in-chief was the most important. She had to put away her usual domineering attitude and humble herself.

Therefore, after arriving at the Eastern Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Feng Qianliu’s green light flashes continuously. In less than two breaths, she appeared in front of the deputy commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Army and the commander-in-chief of the attack on the Heavenly Court, Xu Zhijia. She revealed her true body and bowed.

Xu Zhijia quickly supported him. “You’re too polite, Chief Feng. Please stand up.”

“Commander-in-chief Xu, I’m tracking a fugitive to this battlefield. Please make it easy for me. I will definitely repay you,” Feng Qianliu said.

To be honest, Tu Chengshan was actually very good at what he did. The moment he opened his mouth, he gave Xu Zhijia a resource planet. In comparison, Feng Qianliu’s promise was a little fake.

He would definitely be rewarded handsomely. How generous was this reward?

When would it be repaid? At that time, it would all depend on his mouth.

However, the problem was that Feng Qianliu’s attitude was low enough. She bowed the moment she came up. This made Xu Zhijia feel very comfortable.

The higher one was, the less they paid attention to these things, but they might also pay more attention to these things. The word ‘power’ was partly determined by the size of the position. Moreover, the title of commander-in-chief was rather comfortable.

Didn’t people live for comfort?

In the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Army, there was only the deputy commander-in-chief. It was impossible for Xu Zhijia to become the commander-in-chief in this life. At this moment, it was rather comfortable to be addressed as the commander-in-chief by someone like Feng Qianliu.

“Sure.” Xu Zhijia immediately agreed. At the same time, he turned around and looked behind him. “Could it be that Chief Feng is also tracking that ice-type supernatural being?

“That’s right,” Feng Qianliu said bluntly.

“Chief Tu Chengshan is also tracking this person. What did this ice-type supernatural being do to cause the two chiefs to personally chase after him?” Xu Zhijia asked curiously.

“No one will complain about having too much contribution.” Feng Qianliu smiled. She did not answer, but she did not refuse.

“Haha, it looks like you and Chief Tu are snatching merit! Please, please!” Xu Zhijia assumed an inviting posture.

“Thank you, Commander-in-chief Xu. I’ll definitely give you a token of my appreciation soon,” Feng Qianliu said.

Xu Zhijia smiled and nodded. He turned his body to the side.

In the next moment, Feng Qianliu waved her hand and chased after them with her subordinates. Xu Zhijia looked at this scene and revealed a thoughtful expression.

It was too unusual for the two confidentiality chiefs of the Second and Sixth Masters to bring a large number of elites to chase after an ice-element Seven Satellites supernatural being.

Including themselves, the two confidentiality chiefs had brought more than 10 of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. This number was the upper limit of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm that the Spiritual Race could mobilize on a large scale without the orders of the Sanctuary.

To put it bluntly, in a non-war state, it would be very difficult for him, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Army, to gather more than 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

The two of them were chasing after the Seven Satellites for credit? Whoever believed these words was a fool! There must be a big secret on this ice-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites who was being chased. It was even a

big secret that could not be revealed. Moreover, Second Master and Sixth Master were also implicated.

In an instant, Xu Zhijia knew what to do.

“Yilong, Chief Feng and Chief Tu are taking risks to chase after the important criminal. There are heavy troops at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. We have to provide some support. Split the team of elites into half and quickly pressed forward to hold the line for the two chiefs in case anything happened. If the two chiefs were in danger, try your best to save them. At the same time, the fugitive that the two chiefs are tracking is extremely important. We have to protect him. ”

Xu Zhijia’s order emphasized the word ‘protect’.

Xu Yilong instantly understood.

Xu Zhijia looked at his other deputy, the deputy commander of the Central Star Field Military District. “Huacheng, the remaining half of the elites will be led by you to protect the same progress of the fortifications here. Cooperate with the actions of the two chiefs and seal this place. No one was allowed to leave this place without my orders. If there were any suspicious people, you could interrogate them first. This is a military order!” Xu Zhijia emphasized.

Xu Yilong and Xu Huacheng looked at each other as they received the order. They already understood the commander-in-chief’s true intentions. He wanted the two of them to find an opportunity to intercept.

Not to mention the commander-in-chief, even the two of them had long seen through it. How could a Seven Satellites ice-type supernatural being that the two confidentiality chiefs were chasing with more than 20 Nine Satellites be easy?

There was definitely an important secret. However, Xu Yilong also considered another problem. “Commander-in-chief, we can execute the military orders, but you…”

Hearing this, Xu Zhijia laughed. “There was a disgusting brawl and bloodshed in the east of the company camp. I’ll personally bring people over to suppress it urgently. Inform me when there are results.”

Xu Yilong and Xu Huacheng looked at each other. The commander-in -chief was wise. In the next moment, Xu Zhijia brought his nine Nine Satellites Planetary realm guards and instantly left.

At the same time, the thousands of Planetary realm experts and hundreds of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts at the frontline of the Spiritual Race’s camp began to take action at the same time.

Twenty kilometers in front of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass, when Xu Tui released the seal of the Ji Shui Star Lord, the voice of the commander-in-chief of the Heavenly Gate City Pass in the form of mind power immediately entered the seal of the Ji Shui Star Lord that Xu Tui had released..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1