Chapter 1802: The Real Target Of The Million Army Of The Spiritual Race (3)

Chapter 1802: The Real Target of the Million Army of the Spiritual Race (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Tu Chengshan glanced coldly at Tu Qianshan. There was no need for him to say this.

“In that case, I can only use a stupid method. Yi’an, you lead the search. The few of us will follow behind you. We’ll also track Earth Spirit together. The rest of you, keep an eye on the Planetary realm experts in the surrounding crowd. If you notice anything unusual, take action immediately.” Tu Chengshan gave the order, and the others agreed.

Thus, the 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm and 20 to 30 Planetary realm experts that Tu Chengshan had brought gathered into an awl-like stream of people and began to slowly sense and track upward.

It had to be said that this was a stupid idea, but it was effective.

As for those who were unlucky, Tu Qianshan could resolve them by revealing his identity. If there were still people who were unconvinced, Tu Chengshan could settle them with a slap.

Hundreds of people behind them were wearing very common combat uniforms. They were leading the Wind Shadow Team under her. From time to time, their gazes would sweep past Tu Chengshan and the others. “Is the target they want to track here?”

“Sir, based on their current appearance, Bing Zhen must be here!” Feng Guoyue’s expression was a little sinister.

Last time, Xu Tui had killed two of Feng Guoyue’s comrades in the battle to snatch Yan Wuyu. At this moment, they could not wait to capture Bing Zhen alive and torture him.

“Then keep an eye on them. When they catch up to Bing Zhen, we’ll take action and snatch it! Remember, I want him alive!” Feng Qianliu ordered. In the end,

Feng Qianliu added, “Be careful to restrain your auras. Don’t look directly at Tu Chengshan. Otherwise, you will be easily discovered.”

“Don’t worry, Sir. I understand.”

The Wind Shadow Team that Feng Qianliu had brought this time was all elites, especially in terms of tracking. They were all experts.

Just as Feng Qianliu and the others were secretly tailing Tu Chengshan and the others, Xu Tui, who was still pacing around the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River, broke out in a cold sweat.

Just a minute ago, he had not only discovered the aura of Tu Qianshan, but he had also seen his figure.

Xu Tui had stayed on Planet White Mountain with Tu Qianshan for more than ten days. He was extremely familiar with Tu Qianshan’s aura. Although there were so many armies gathered here, every Nine Satellites was as eye-catching as a crane among chickens.

When Tu Qianshan passed by, the earth aura emitted by his body immediately attracted Xu Tui’s attention. He released his mental perception and confirmed that it was Tu Qianshan.

Then, Xu Tui saw that Tu Qianshan had arrived at the sealed light screen. He must have revealed his identity. After a short exchange, Tu Qianshan quickly returned to the bottom of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River.

Xu Tui frowned. Tu Chengshan and the others had already caught up. There was a high chance that they had gathered tracking experts. Or rather, they could still track and sense his location.

How troublesome! If they were caught up, he would really be caught. He would definitely be discovered if he barged into the sealed light screen now. Then, he would attract a large number of Nine Satellites to pursue him.

In an instant, Xu Tui seemed to have been forced to a dead end by Tu

Chengshan and the others. Unfortunately, he could not capture them alive.

Otherwise, he could force them to tell him what their tracking technique was. It seemed that they would be able to track Xu Tui no matter where he escaped to. He was in a very passive state.

After thinking about it for a while, Xu Tui felt that he had no choice but to use the last step of retreat. Although this last step of retreat might bring a little danger of being exposed to the Worldly Expeditionary Force, it was better than being captured and killed alive by Tu Chengshan.

However, Xu Tui still had to confirm the situation of Tu Chengshan and the others with his own eyes before taking this last step.

In the next moment, Xu Tui used his mind power to activate an Origin Crystal powder. It passed through the crowd and activated his Heart Eye ability to explore the area below. Ten minutes later, Xu Tui saw Tu Chengshan and the others who were moving against the flow like arrows in the crowd.

The others were fine, but one of them had a similar aura to the tracking expert, Tu Sanli, that Xu Tui had killed previously.

xu ‘l’ul Immediately reanzea tnat ‘l’u cnengsnan nacl transrerrea anotner tracking expert over. He knew that he had to make a choice.

Xu Tui was a decisive person. A minute later, he used the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence to infiltrate a team that was about to enter the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River. Then, he waited quietly.

At the same time, he observed the situation of Tu Chengshan and the others.

Twenty-five minutes later, when Tu Chengshan and the others were still about five kilometers away from Xu Tui, it was Xu Tui’s turn to enter Planet Green River.

In a flash, Xu Tui entered the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River.

Almost at the same time, Tu Yi’an, who was tracking, frowned. “Sir, the Earth

Spirit on the target’s body suddenly became a little blurry.”

“He left?” Tu Chengshan frowned.

“I’m not sure yet.”

“Then continue the search. Let me know immediately when you confirm the situation.”

“Understood.”

The army that had entered the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River flew all the way in order to pass quickly.

In an extremely short period of time, Xu Tui flew out of the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel. After he flew out of the fortress, an officer-in-charge immediately ordered Xu Tui and the others to gather at a designated location.

Xu Tui was stunned the moment he looked up. Countless dense figures were soaring into the sky. As there were too many figures soaring into the sky, Xu Tui could not see the sky clearly. However, there was a gap after all. Furthermore, Xu Tui’s eyesight was astonishing.

A minute later, Xu Tui suddenly understood. He understood why they had gathered millions of troops. He also understood where the millions of troops gathered by the Spiritual Race were or where their true military goal was.

In the sky, a huge vortex door of light slowly spun. Most importantly, not only was the aura very familiar, but even the Longevity Emperor Seal in Xu Tui’s body could sense it.

It was a vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court!

The Spiritual Race had gathered millions of troops to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui, who understood this, was also stunned by the Spiritual Race’s generosity..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1