Chapter 1808: The Spiritual Race’S War God (3)

Chapter 1808: The Spiritual Race’s War God (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The targeted enemies are naturally the garrison of the Heavenly Court’s small universe and the Blue Star,” Xu Yilong replied.

“Is that all?”

Xu Yilong frowned. “Commander-in-chief, the two opponents of the Alliance, the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan, are also competitors. They can be considered enemies!”

“Exclude the word ‘also’.”

“Commander-in-chief, the alliance army is a potential enemy, but if we directly count them as enemies, I’m afraid…”

“This should be reflected in the next attack on the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Of course, you know that this time, the Three-Race Alliance is the foundation. Only by attacking the Heavenly Court’s small universe at the same time would there be a possibility of breaking through the Heavenly Gate and charging into the Heavenly Court’s small universe. This was the bottom line.

“In the process of breaking through the Heavenly Gate and charging into the small universe of the Heavenly Court, our three races will definitely pay a huge price. The guards of the Heavenly Court’s small universe were very powerful. However, do you think our losses will be the same when we attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court?” Xu Zhijia asked.

“Of course not.” After saying that, the chief of staff, Xu Yilong, already understood. He completely understood. “Breaking through the small universe of the Heavenly Court is only the beginning.

“If our losses are too great, we will probably be weaker after we attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Moreover, that power just now was probably used by the other two races to observe our situation. It seems that the two races have the same thoughts as us,” Xu Yilong said.

Xu Zhijia nodded. It was good that he understood this.

“Therefore, in the following battle, not only do we have to cooperate with the other two races to break through the current Heavenly Gate, but we also have to fight with the other two races with intelligence and bravery. We have to break through the current Eastern Heavenly Gate at the lowest price.

“We can’t lead a large number of the Heavenly Court’s defense forces for the other two races muddle-headed and benefit them… Huh?” Suddenly, Xu Zhijia frowned. Xu Yilong also frowned and looked behind him. They were very sensitive to the auras of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. The sudden appearance of 10 Planetary realm powerhouses behind them was very sudden.

This was because under normal circumstances, even if there were Nine Satellites in the subsequent army, one or two would at most be enough. There would not be so many at once.

“Let’s go and take a look.” As he spoke, Xu Yilong, the chief of staff, stepped forward.

Xu Tui, who had just been severely injured and bleeding, also saw the 30-odd earth-yellow streams of light that had appeared behind him. He knew that Tu Chengshan had caught up.

Almost instantly, his mental perception was once again extended into the distance under the enhancement of the Great Emperor of Longevity’s Seal.

However, this time, it was extended in the direction of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. He did not observe like before.

In an instant, he passed by the position of the deputy commander-in-chief, Xu Zhijia, the position of the thousands of Planetary realm powerhouses gathered at the Thousand Line, and the position of the fortress and five-colored tower that were being built in front of him. Then, he teleported.

He disappeared on the spot. The moment Xu Tui teleported, Xu Zhijia suddenly turned around and looked in front of him. He opened his eyes and instantly saw Xu Tui, who had appeared 100 kilometers in front of him.

Of course, he saw a stranger in a Spiritual Race combat uniform. Xu Tui also sensed the gaze when the illusory gaze landed on him. However, he did not turn around. Instead, he teleported and disappeared again.

The moment he disappeared and reappeared, the seal of the Star Lord of Ji Shui also appeared above his head and floated towards the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass dozens of kilometers away.

In an instant, the Eastern Heavenly Gate City closed. The eyes of a commander of the Eight Satellites suddenly trembled as he shouted, “I wonder which Star Lord has arrived. Please show yourself.”

Almost at the same time, behind him, Xu Yilong was about to stop Tu

Chengshan when Tu Chengshan quickly flashed in front of Xu Zhijia. He first bowed respectfully. “Vice-Commander-in-chief Xu, I’m under the orders of the Second Master to chase after a fugitive. Please make it easy for me. After this, a resource planet will be offered to you as a token of my appreciation.”

Xu Zhiji narrowed his eyes. He looked at the 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and 20-odd Planetary realm experts behind Tu Chengshan and suddenly asked, “What kind of fugitive would make Second Master mobilize so many people?”

Tu Chengshan glanced in the direction of the Eastern Sky Gate City Pass and said anxiously, “The matter is urgent. Please make it easy for me,

Vice-Commander-in-chief Xu. I’ll explain it in detail to the commander later.”

Xu Zhiji’s illusory eyes glanced in Xu Tui’s direction. He also saw the Star Lord Seal that Xu Tui had displayed. Then, he nodded slightly. “Alright, I have to give some face to Second Master.”

“Thank you, Commander.”

As Xu Zhijia nodded, he waved his hand slightly. The auras of the dozens of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and some powerful Planetary realm experts behind him instantly dissipated.

Tu Chengshan thanked him again. Then, with a wave of his hand, he chased after him. Xu Zhijia’s expression changed. Shock appeared in his eyes again. Behind him, dozens of faintly discernible green lights appeared.

It was Feng Qianliu who had arrived with her elites. In an instant, Xu Zhijia’s eyes flickered. He glanced at Xu Tui again.

There was a problem!

There was definitely a problem here!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1