Chapter 1805: A New Way Home (3)

Chapter 1805: A New Way Home (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Six hundred kilometers was less than 20 seconds for Tu Chengshan and the others.

Just as Tu Chengshan was leading a group of subordinates to chase after Xu Tui, Feng Qianliu and Feng Guoyue also entered Planet Green River with a group of people. They happened to see the earthen yellow light in the sky that was as bright as a shooting star.

“Let’s go and chase after them!” Feng Qianliu and the others turned into a green light and flew into the air. However, after they flew into the air, the green light suddenly changed. If one did not observe carefully, they would not even be able to see the green light.

More than 30 green lights followed behind Tu Chengshan and the others from afar. The moment Feng Qianliu and the others caught up, Xu Tui, who was approaching the vortex of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, suddenly felt that something was wrong.

The moment he turned around, he saw more than 30 earthen yellow meteors in the sky 10 kilometers away. The 10 auras leading them were especially powerful.

Ten Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. They were all earth-element. These people entered the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception the moment he noticed them. The ferocious auras of Tu Chengshan, Tu Qianshan, Tu Ning, Tu Rusong, and the others jumped into the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception.

They were chasing after him!

Tu Chengshan and the others had caught up. As expected, they had a powerful tracking technique on them. The moment many thoughts flashed through his mind, the divine demon abnormality instantly activated.

“Bing Zhen, let’s see where you can escape to!” At the same time, Tu Qianshan’s shout rang out in Xu Tui’s mind.

With Tu Chengshan as the leader, the ten Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts attacked at the same time. Each of them waved an earth-yellow light. These 10 earth-yellow rays of light connected in the air and formed a large net that covered a radius of five kilometers. With Xu Tui as the center, it covered him.

The earth-element joint skill—Heaven and Earth Cage!

This ability could trap and kill. The more people he used, the less likely the enemy would be able to break through and escape. If they wanted to escape, it was equivalent to breaking through the combined power of 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

To be honest, with the 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts led by Tu Chengshan using this ability, Second Master would probably not be able to break through the cage of the sky without the help of some treasures.

In an instant, the ground was in chaos!

The Spiritual Race army in the area covered by the cage instantly became chaotic and dodged. However, it only took a second for the world cage to form and land. This was also the reason why Tu Chengshan and the others had joined forces to use the Heaven and Earth Cage.

This was because there were too many Spiritual Race armies here. If they used their destructive abilities and killed a few Spiritual Race soldiers, they could still settle the matter. But if many of them died, when the army set off, even Tu Chengshan would not be able to settle the matter.

The Heaven and Earth Cage only trapped people and did not kill them. The earthen yellow light that was like a huge net instantly enveloped the sky and finally covered a radius of 3,000 meters.

The thousands of Spiritual Race troops were directly suppressed by this huge net and flattened to the ground, unable to move at all.

Tu Qianshan flew forward excitedly. The other Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were still augmenting the Heaven and Earth Cage, afraid that the enemy would escape. Just now, in their vision, Bing Zhen had already been trapped by the Heaven and Earth Cage.

Tu Qianshan quickly flew to the location where Xu Tui was being suppressed. The earthen-yellow power turned into tentacles and reached down. Suddenly, his expression changed.

“What?” Tu Chengshan’s expression also changed.

“Sir, there’s no one!” Tu Qianshan was stunned.

Tu Chengshan instantly flashed to where Tu Qianshan was. His khaki-colored hand probed down with his mind power, then his expression changed.

“Afterimage! We might have only suppressed an afterimage just now and let him escape again!” Tu Chengshan shouted angrily.

While Tu Chengshan was furious, Tu Qianshan, Tu Ning, and the others quickly activated their tracking technique and continued to search for information about Xu Tui’s location. The tracking expert, Tu Yi’an, suddenly rushed over. “Sir, he disappeared.”

“What?”

“Sir, Target Number Three’s Earth Spirit disappeared from the entire Planet Green River in an instant. Not only did it disappear, but in my tracking perception, the aura of Earth Spirit instantly arrived at a very, very far place,” Tu Yi’an said.

“Hmm?” It instantly disappeared and arrived at a very, very far place. These key pieces of information made Tu Chengshan immediately realize something. He suddenly looked up at the sky. “He escaped into the Eastern Heavenly Gate!”

In that instant just now, Bing Zhen could only escape into the Eastern Heavenly Gate and disappear in an instant. Only then could they escape to a very, very far place in an instant.

As the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan knew the basic situation of this military operation.

The Spiritual Race army would forcefully attack the Eastern Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. Once the Spiritual Race army broke through the Eastern Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court’s small universe, not only would they be able to occupy the ancient Heavenly Court and obtain a large number of benefits, but they could also pass through the small universe of the Heavenly Court and descend on Ceres Star where the Southern Heavenly Gate was. Then, they would charge into the solar system and obtain what the Holy Ancestor wanted.

Only the elders of the Sanctuary knew about this military plan. However, as the actual executor of the matters under the elders of the Sanctuary, he also knew about it.

“Sir, should we chase after him?” Tu Qianshan raised his head and looked at the Heavenly Gate Tunnel in the sky. He then looked at Tu Qianshan and asked carefully.

There was a reason why he asked so carefully. This was because things would be different if they entered the frontline battlefield after chasing into the Heavenly Gate Tunnel. If the commotion was too big, even the Chief of Confidentiality would not be able to settle it.

The image information from the pressure test flashed through Tu Chengshan’s mind. Two Nine Satellites and one Eight Satellites had directly come out of the multi-person quantum teleportation channel. That value was too great.

It was worth the risk for this technology.

“Chase after him! We have to chase after him! Let’s go. Follow closely behind me!” As he spoke, Tu Chengshan instantly led more than 30 elite subordinates and soared into the sky.

Ten seconds later, Feng Qianliu looked at the Heavenly Court’s Heavenly Gate in the sky and said, “Chase!”

In an instant, more than 30 powerful streams of light soared into the sky again.

At the same time, Xu Tui had just rushed into the Eastern Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court’s small universe..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1