Chapter 1801: The Real Target Of The Million Army Of The Spiritual Race (2)

Chapter 1801: The Real Target of the Million Army of the Spiritual Race (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

There was no need for much. With just a few dozen Planetary realms leading 100,000 Transmutation Realms into the solar system, the Blue Star humans would be destroyed.

Xu Tui slowly made his way up. He conducted a few investigations in the middle. There were quite a number of strict armies of the Spiritual Race. However, the cultivation levels of the people being interrogated were not high. Xu Tui had the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, so he could fool them.

Soon, he arrived at the node of the cosmic tunnel that led to Planet Green

River. Compared to the crowded area below, the order here was a little better. However, because people were constantly entering, it was normal for Xu Tui to come over.

There was also an army gathered above the node of the cosmic tunnel. It seemed that there was also an army gathered in that direction. Xu Tui continued to advance. After a series of silent hypnosis questions, a portion of the army had indeed come from above the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River.

This made Xu Tui a little happy. In that case, he should be able to pass through the place that was sealed off by the army and continue to search for the other end of the solar system.

However, 20 minutes later, Xu Tui was stunned. After continuing to explore for about five kilometers, the military order suddenly became strict. Xu Tui saw a sealed light screen from afar. It lay at the narrowest part of the cosmic tunnel here.

The five towers of different colors were exceptionally eye-catching. They were exactly the same as the ones he had seen before.

Xu Tui’s heart sank as he looked at the sealed screen from afar. He was really being strangled at both ends. However, Xu Tui still held onto a glimmer of hope and continued forward. He hoped that the screen of light was not completely sealed off. If there was a tunnel, he would be able to escape with his teleportation.

He would not be afraid even if he attracted pursuers. As long as there were no wind-type, lightning-type, or other supernatural beings who were good at speed, Xu Tui’s instantaneous movement would be able to escape from the pursuers under a pounce.

However, five minutes later, Xu Tui was completely depressed.

The sealing light screen was currently in a completely sealed state. Furthermore, compared to the sealing light screen he had encountered below, the sealing light screen here was even tighter.

No one was allowed to enter the 1,000-meter area in front of the sealed light screen. In front of the sealed light screen, Xu Tui noticed two Nine Satellites Planetary realms. One of them was a lightning-type supernatural being. He was coldly looking down at Xu Tui, who was sized up the sealed light screen.

The moment the lightning-type supernatural being stared at him, Xu Tui turned around and retreated into the crowd of soldiers.

He could not get past it!

Both ends were blocked. If there were no pursuers, Xu Tui could actually blend into the middle of the army. What if the sealed light screen suddenly opened a tunnel? Based on the current situation, it would take at least three to five days for the army gathered here to enter Planet Green River. Xu Tui still had time.

However, it was different with pursuers. If he was not careful, he would be wrapped like dumplings.

Xu Tui frowned as he mixed into a unit. At the same time, below the node of

the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River, at the edge of the gathering of the army, Second Master’s expression was extremely ugly as he looked at the army gathered in front of him.

Behind him, Tu Qianshan, Tu Ning, Tu Rusong, and more than ten other Nine Satellites Planetary realms, as well as two tracking experts, all had ugly expressions.

“How is it?” Tu Chengshan asked.

Tu Yi’an, the expert who had been questioned, frowned and said, “Second Master, we can track him. The target has indeed come here. Moreover, according to my tracking senses, the target might be nearby. He’s not more than 20 kilometers away from us.”

“Can you lock onto the specific location?” Tu Chengshan asked.

Tu Yi’an shook his head. “Second Master, it’s already extremely difficult to track them in the cosmic tunnel. Now, the auras here are too mixed. There are probably hundreds of thousands of auras. The interference is too great. Under such circumstances, it’s relatively easy to track in the general direction.

However, it’s too difficult to lock onto the specifics.”

“Can you lock onto it when it’s so close to you?” Tu Chengshan asked. “This… With so many people, we should be able to lock onto him 100% ” Tu

Yi’an said.

Tu Chengshan’s expression became even uglier. It was too difficult to cover a distance of about ten meters with so many people. This was especially so for the people here. If it was on a certain planet, Tu Chengshan would give the order and everyone would be on standby. They would be prohibited from walking and could be investigated inch by inch.

However, this was a place where armies gathered. Even if the second master came personally, he would not be able to order so many troops at the same time without the order of the Sanctuary.

Moreover, even if such an order was given in the cosmic tunnel, it could not be completely carried out.

Just as Tu Chengshan was frowning, Tu Qianshan, who had revealed his identity to check the information ahead, returned.

“Chief, we’ve confirmed that there’s a cosmic tunnel blockade screen specially built by the Sanctuary for this military action plan. No one can pass through without a warrant issued by the Sanctuary. I’ve asked. It has been closed for the past 13 hours. As the army has not passed, it will continue to be closed for the next few days,” Tu Qianshan said.

Tu Chengshan’s gaze suddenly shifted. He looked at the bustling crowd in the distance. “So, at this moment, Bing Zhen is mixed in with these hundreds of thousands of soldiers.”

“It’s a pity that the hundreds of thousands of troops gathered here belong to hundreds of different troops. They can’t act in unison. If there are only five to six troops, we can find that thief, Bing Zhen, with an order,” Tu Qianshan said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1