Chapter 1804: A New Way Home (2)

Chapter 1804: A New Way Home (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was different. In theory, his current identity could allow him to pass through the various Heavenly Gates in the Heavenly Court’s small universe.

The refinement progress of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole was still 99%. He did not know if it was useful, but the Ji Shui Star Lord’s seal, which had been completely refined, was already a mid- to high-level clergy in the ancient Heavenly Court. It had the right to enter and leave the various Heavenly Gates freely.

This was not just what Little Six had said. Someone had also verified it.

The last time he explored the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Ullr had relied on his Lightning Division’s True God Seal to pass through the Southern Heavenly Gate guarded by the army and enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Now, Xu Tui could do it too. He was pleasantly surprised. Was this another village in the dark? It was currently very difficult to set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel through the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen.

However, the path of the Heavenly Gate that passed through the small universe of the Heavenly Court suddenly appeared.

Xu Tui thought about it for a moment. He combined all the information he knew so far. This path was feasible.

Even though the Spiritual Race’s vanguard had already entered the Heavenly

Gate where they were currently, Xu Tui had seen the situation in front of the Southern Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It was extremely empty. It was definitely impossible to pull up a screen of light

In fact, as the attacker, the Spiritual Race did not need to block the light screen. Under such circumstances, Xu Tui, who had teleportation, could definitely enter the current Heavenly Gate.

The only problem was that he had to reveal his identity at the right time. The atmosphere between the two sides was extremely tense. If Xu Tui rashly teleported over and was not instantly killed by the concentrated fire, he would be doomed.

Xu Tui felt that he had to act according to the situation if he wanted to pass safely. He could still carefully look for an opportunity. He thought about and perfected the plan as he approached the front. He had already made up his mind. He would blend into the Spiritual Race army and enter the vortex tunnel of the small universe of the Heavenly Court where Planet Green River was. Then, he would think of a way to cross the small universe of the Heavenly Court and return home.

At the same time, in the cosmic tunnel, Tu Yi’an, who was closing his eyes and circulating the Earth Spiritual Secret Technique, suddenly opened his eyes. “Chief, something’s wrong.”

“I also feel that something is wrong, but I can’t say what it is.” Tu Chengshan was also circulating a tracking technique.

“Chief, this is related to the suppression of the cosmic tunnel on us. It’s obvious that Earth Spirit is also suppressed in the cosmic tunnel. Therefore, in our normal senses, Earth Spirit is blurry with a flash. However, at this moment, the third Earth Spirit that we are tracking is only blurry. There are no more flashes.”

“Tell me the conclusion,” Tu Chengshan urged.

“Chief, I think that Target Number Three has most likely left the cosmic tunnel. Currently, my senses are still very blurry. It’s because we are still in the cosmic tunnel. If we also leave the cosmic tunnel, the location of Target Three will become very clear,” the tracking expert, Tu Yi’an, said.

As soon as he said that, Tu Chengshan suddenly turned his head to look at the cosmic tunnel node in front of him. “Planet Green River, Bing Zhen has entered Planet Green River!” If he wanted to leave the cosmic tunnel here, he could only enter Planet Green River through the node of the cosmic tunnel here. “Let’s go into Planet Green River.”

Tu Chengshan waved his hand and quickly rushed towards the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Green River with his dozens of Planetary realm subordinates. Although he could not command the army gathered here with his status as the confidentiality chief, it was not a problem for him to cut in line at the node of the cosmic tunnel.

A minute later, Tu Chengshan quickly entered Planet Green River with a group of Nine Satellites and other Planetary realm experts. Twenty seconds after all of them entered, just as the order announced by the army was restored, another group of people came over and cut the queue.

The officer in charge of command retreated expressionlessly and allowed this group of people to forcefully cut the queue again. Even though the army behind them cursed, they were unmoved.

According to the military order, he could completely refuse the request of the confidentiality chief of the sixth main seat elder who had just arrived. However, the problem was that after rejecting today’s military order, it would be too easy for Chief Feng Qianliu to cause trouble for a petty officer like him in the future.

It was only a minute of delay. After scolding them one by one, this officer cowardly allowed Feng Qianliu to cut the queue with dozens of Planetary realm experts.

However, the soldier also muttered. What had happened? The two confidentiality chiefs personally led a team over and forcefully cut the queue to enter Planet Green River. Each of them brought about ten Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts with them.

It had to be known that every person in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was a big shot in the Spiritual Race. Usually, they had to bow and bow when they saw one.

Did something major happened today that the two chiefs had brought so many people over?

Tu Chengshan and the others quickly left the defense fortress at the node of the cosmic tunnel. After they left, the tracking expert, Tu Yian, sensed them again.

This time, after activating the tracking secret technique for only three seconds, the tracking expert, Tu Yian, suddenly opened his eyes. “Sir, it’s southeast of us, about 600 kilometers away from us. It’s still moving. As long as you catch up, you will immediately be able to clearly sense the aura of the Earth Spirit.”

“Let’s go and chase after him” As soon as Tu Yi’an finished speaking, Tu Chengshan waved his hand and led more than 30 streams of light toward Xu

Tui..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1