Chapter 1803: A New Way Home (1)

Chapter 1803: A New Way Home (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was the first time Xu Tui knew about the vortex tunnel in front of him on

Planet Green River. However, the aura it emitted and the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole clearly told him that this was a vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

In an instant, many questions appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

When did the vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court on Planet Green River open? After entering, where was the small universe of the Heavenly Court, or which direction? Also, had the vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court located on Ceres Star been activated?

In the past half a year, Xu Tui had led the Worldly Expeditionary Force into the Spiritual Race’s Star Field. He spent most of his time in hiding. He had very little contact with the Blue Star, but it did not stop.

In the past two years, Xu Tui had actually been nurturing Tri Ling Ding. Previously, this fellow had only produced two intermediate-level colonies and a high-level colony.

Xu Tui had given Shang Long a high-level colony before his expedition. He could talk to Shang Long at a suitable time. An Xiaoxue and Cai Shaochu each had an intermediate-level colony. He could only rely on the Morse code to make a simple connection. Of course, that was not possible in the cosmic tunnel. Even the Morse code could not contact intermediate colonies. It was also because of this high-level colony that Xu Tui had a general understanding of the changes on the Blue Star.

For example, Shang Long had already broken through to the Nine Satellites. Xu Tui also knew that the phantom of the vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court had appeared on Ceres Star.

However, because the contact was not frequent, he did not know whether the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Court on Ceres Star had been activated.

Xu Tui did not know this. In front of him, a large number of Spiritual Race armies carried a portion of the supplies and soared into the sky, disappearing into the vortex tunnel.

As the speed of passage of the vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court was much faster than the speed of passage of the cosmic tunnel, the flow of people was still very fast.

Xu Tui was filled with doubts.

Thanks to the guidance of Little Six and the partial refinement of the seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, Xu Tui had a more detailed understanding of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

There were four Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The four Heavenly Gates all had city passes.

There were about 300,000 guards in every Heavenly Gate and city pass. Other than that, there was also a group of imperial guards in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. There were about 25 of them and were in charge of internal defense and support. However, Xu Tui did not see them the last time he entered.

Other than these soldiers, there were also a large number of elite subordinate officials in the various Star Lord Palaces of the Heavenly Court. Of course, this was the previous Heavenly Court.

It was unknown how many elite subordinate officials there were in the current

Heavenly Court. In that case, the known military strength of the Heavenly Court’s small universe was about 1.2 to 1.5 million. This was the sum of the military strength of the four Heavenly Gate fortresses.

The problem now was, had the Heavenly Gates in the other directions been activated? If it was not activated, even if the Spiritual Race transported three to four million troops, it would probably be very difficult for them to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

The main force of the Spiritual Race’s three million-strong army attacking the small universe of the Heavenly Court was actually the Transmutation Realm.

As for the guards of the Heavenly Court in the Heavenly Court’s small universe, their main lineup was a quasi-planetary. Furthermore, there was a risk of a city pass. If the four Heavenly Gates could support each other, the Spiritual Race would not be able to break through.

However, Xu Tui thought of another piece of information. He instantly felt a chill run down his spine. Previously, Yan Wuyu had obtained information from Tu Chengshan that this military operation was a joint effort of the three races.

It was a joint military operation of the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race. The armies gathered by the other two races were also about three million.

If the three races attacked the three heavenly gates of the Heavenly Court’s small universe at the same time, the current garrison of the Heavenly Court’s small universe would not be able to defend it.

They definitely could not defend it!

Suddenly, a bone-piercing coldness appeared in Xu Tui’s heart again.

If the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Court’s small universe of Ceres Star had also been activated, then as long as one of the three races, the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan, broke through the Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, they would be able to cross the entire small universe and enter the solar system.

Havoc!

At that time, not only would there be havoc in the solar system, but the entire Blue Star Human Race would be wiped out. In that case, had the vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court of Ceres Star been opened? Actually, Xu Tui understood that there was a high chance that it had already been activated.

However, at this moment, he still wanted to make the final verification.

Xu Tui thought of many things at this moment. He thought about the first time he entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The Great Xi Clan could actually sneak into the Southern Heavenly Gate and control the Southern Heavenly Gate to seize the benefits first.

However, he happened to bump into Xu Tui and was tricked by him. What about now? Did the Great Xi Clan have such a method now? If there was, then…

Xu Tui’s hair stood on end again. He immediately thought of another way home. Since the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan could enter the various Heavenly Gates and cross the small universe of the Heavenly Court, they would descend on Ceres Star and charge into the solar system.

Similarly, at this moment, Xu Tui could also enter the vortex tunnel of the

Heavenly Court’s small universe on Planet Green River. He could enter the Heavenly Gate and cross the Heavenly Court’s small universe. Then, he could leave through the Southern Heavenly Gate and enter Ceres Star to return to the solar system.

This was a new way home.

The difference was that if the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan wanted to cross the small universe of the Heavenly Court and reach Ceres Star, they had to break through the current Heavenly Gate City Pass..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1