Chapter 1807: The Spiritual Race’S Military God (2)

Chapter 1807: The Spiritual Race’s Military God (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

For example, the commander of the Northern Star Field Military District that Xu Tui had encountered previously was only a third-rank commander in the Spiritual Race.

The second-rank commander of the Spiritual Race in front of him, who was wearing a black and white combat uniform, was very likely to be the highest-ranking commander on the battlefield of the Spiritual Race’s attack on the small universe.

Xu Tui had already deciphered the military rank information of the Spiritual Race general.

Xu Zhijia, the deputy commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Army and the commander of the Spiritual Race’s Central Star Field Military District.

Xu Tui knew about Xu Zhijia. Before this, Ah Huang had already helped Xu Tui gather information about important figures of the Spiritual Race.

Xu Zhijia was the younger brother of the Great Elder Xu Yi’s void lineage. The known information was that he was a Nebula Realm expert. The information was unknown if he had broken through and condensed a small universe.

Although the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Army had a total of three deputy commanders, there was no doubt that Xu Zhijia was the current number one person in the Spiritual Race’s military.

Xu Zhijia had become the number one person in the Spiritual Race’s military not only because he had the support of the Spiritual Race’s Great Elder, Xu Yi, but also because he was a god when it came to using troops.

In the past 200 years, there has been a huge battle between the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Muyas every 20 years. The results of the battle between the three races in the Milky Way were basically stable. Other than the Great Xi Clan having a slightly lower chance of winning, in most cases, the outcome was half.

For example, in the 10 battles with the Muyas, both sides won five each.

However, what was terrifying was that in the past 200 years, Xu Zhijia had personally commanded three of the five battles that the Spiritual Race had won against the Muyas.

He was called the Spiritual Race’s Military God.

The moment Xu Tui recognized the Military God Xu Zhijia of the Spiritual Race, Xu Zhijia, who was wearing a black and white combat uniform, suddenly raised his head and looked at the sky. His eyes were cold. “There’s mind power spying on us!”

As soon as Xu Zhijia spoke, the nine Planetary realm experts with powerful auras around Xu Zhijia suddenly looked up at the sky at the same time. Nine pairs of eyes instantly shot out a strange light that soared into the sky.

What Xu Tui sensed was an extremely boundless mind power. It instantly rose from the ground like a sword and charged toward his ability, which was like the Heavenly Eye that he had obtained with the help of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

It was too late when Xu Tui realized that this was Xu Zhijia’s counterattack.

The characteristic of mind power attacks was their extreme speed. By the time you realized that the attack had arrived, it was already too late.

In an instant, Xu Tui could sense that the mind power of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm that was blasting toward the sky had magically merged into one the moment it was blasted out. It turned into an extremely majestic mind power shockwave that blasted toward Xu Tui’s useless Heavenly Eye with an invincible momentum.

In an instant, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole in Xu Tui’s mind trembled slightly. The enhancement to his mental perception dissipated, and the Heavenly Eye dissipated.

However, the mind power shockwave also instantly blasted onto Xu Tui’s mental perception net. His mental perception was illusory, but in the face of the same mental shockwave, it was almost material.

Even though the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole had blocked a wave for Xu Tui, Xu Tui still felt as if he had been struck by lightning at this moment. His mental body trembled, and blood spurted out of his seven orifices.

However, when all the power of the mind power shockwave spread into Xu

Tui’s mental body, the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, the Star Lord of Ji Shui, the Huashan Divine Seal, and the Mount Heng Divine Seal all emitted a faint light to dissipate the shockwave.

At the same time, Xu Tui instantly activated his mind power force field with all his might.

Xu Tui’s mind power force field allowed him to attack and defend at will. When he injured someone, it was the best force field to restrict and trap the enemy. When he defended, it was the best invisible but substantial defensive force field.

The main planet’s force field of his mind power continued to shake. It shook three times in a row. Xu Tui’s eyes, ears, mouth, and nose bled three times before it dissipated.

It looked like Xu Tui was in a miserable state. Fortunately, he was wearing a helmet-like combat uniform. Xu Tui’s seven orifices were bleeding, but the others could not see it. Xu Tui was shocked. He took a deep breath and quickly looked at his mental body with his introspection.

Fortunately, there were no cracks on his mental body. The moment his mental body was impacted just now, the seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the Star Lord of Ji Shui, and the others that had already been refined, including the red fire slip, emitted a fine light to protect and suppress his mental body.

Although Xu Tui’s mental body was injured by the combined attacks of the nine Nine Satellites, his mental body was not severely injured. He looked like he was seriously injured, but in reality, his injuries were not serious.

At the frontline of the Spiritual Race army, Xu Zhijia, who was wearing a black and white combat uniform, looked up at the sky coldly. The nine Nine Satellites who had attacked him just now nodded at him in confirmation.

Just now, their mind power shockwave had indeed impacted something. Someone was indeed spying on them.

“Pass down the order. Everyone, stay alert. The frequency of your mind power patrol has doubled. There might be intelligent creatures behind this,” Xu Zhijia shouted.

“Understood.” Xu Yilong first received the order and passed it down through the staff officers beside him. At the same time, he asked,

“Commander-in-chief, what do you mean?”

“Who are our targets and enemies this time?” Xu Zhijia suddenly asked.

Xu Yilong was his chief of staff and the leader of the younger generation of the Xu Clan that he had focused on nurturing. After the battle of this clan, he could be released as the deputy commander of a military region. Xu Zhijia had deliberately given him pointers..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1