Chapter 1819: Shang Long’S Moment Of Life And Death (3)

Chapter 1819: Shang Long’s Moment of Life and Death (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He would probably have to fight to the death in this battle.

In the silence, Gu Ji charged left and right. He even thought of using Chi Jing and Shui Zhi, but Chi Jing and Shui Zhi dodged, and so he was blocked by Shang Long.

“The two of us will work together to kill Shang Long and monopolize this small universe. Isn’t that good?” Gu Ji finally spoke.

“Hmph, I’m afraid it’s you who will monopolize the small universe of the

Heavenly Court.” As he sneered, Chi Jing suddenly shouted at Shang Long, “Mr. Shang, why don’t our families work together and kill Gu Ji first?”

Shang Long smiled bitterly. He could not ask for more from such a cooperation. However, he understood that this should be Chi Jing’s strategy of retreating in order to advance, He was just using the excuse of working with him to force Gu Ji to give in.

Gu Ji clearly reacted and remained silent. He felt that Chi Jing would not really cooperate with Shang Long.

“Gu Ji, do you think that we can’t cooperate with Mr. Shang? If the three of us kill you here, no one will be able to blame us,” Chi Jing threatened.

Almost at the same time, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing moved at the same time. They had the intention of working with Shang Long to attack him.

Shang Long was also very tempted. “We’ll work together to kill Gu Ji. All the treasures on Gu Ji will belong to you.”

It was also at this moment that Gu Ji finally gave up on his final persistence and retreated. “What do you want?”

“The treasure that allows you to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass and control the guards in it.” Chi Jing directly offered a price.

“You won’t be able to use it even if I give it to you,” Gu Ji said. “Only the Great Xi Clan can use this thing.”

“We don’t need it, but we can only believe in your sincerity if you give us this treasure. At that time, the three of us will be able to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass and the small universe of the Heavenly Court!” Chi Jing said.

Seeing that Chi Jing was negotiating with Gu Ji, Shang Long became even more anxious. However, Gu Ji’s skin was thick, and it was extremely difficult to take it down in a short period of time.

To be honest, Gu Ji was extremely unwilling to accept Chi Jing’s conditions. However, the truth was that Gu Ji had no choice. Gu Ji firmly believed that if he did not cooperate with Chi Jing and the others, Chi Jing would surround and annihilate him with Shang Long.

Although the highest level was promoting the cooperation of the three races, it was nothing if there was a conflict below. If he died here silently, no one would stand up for him.

After some thought, Gu Ji agreed. It was fine to hand the seal over to Chi Jing.

In any case, other than the Great Xi Clan, no one else could use the seal.

Moreover, it did not matter even if he brought Chi Jing and Shui Zhi into the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass and the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were definitely going to snatch the other treasures of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. However, this did not hinder his plan.

At that time, they would coordinate from both inside and outside and capture the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Chi Jing and Shui Zhi would have to spit out their money after eating his money.

Moreover, if he brought an army back, he could surround Shui Zhi and Chi Jing. At that time, he would be able to vent his disgust.

“Alright, where’s that thing? Let us keep it for the time being.”

“This is the seal.” Taking advantage of the opportunity, Gu Ji threw the commander’s seal behind him. Shang Long attacked, wanting to snatch the commander’s seal, but his sword light was broken by Shui Zhi and Chi Jing.

Chi Jing and Shui Zhi were also knowledgeable. They immediately sensed that the commander seal of the Heavenly Court guards was extraordinary.

“Alright, I’ll take it that you’re sincere. Next.” Chi Jing chuckled coldly.

In the next moment, flames and water light attacked Shang Long at the same time.

Shang Long, who was surrounded by three people, immediately fell into an extremely disadvantageous position. This was especially so for the small mirror in Chi Jing’s palm. The flames it shot out were extremely fast.

In just three seconds, Shang Long vomited blood.

Gu Ji was overjoyed. As long as he destroyed Shang Long, he would be able to make a great contribution and complete his grand plan.

Wiping away the blood at the corner of his mouth, Shang Long also laughed.. The time to risk his life had arrived!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1