Chapter 1815: The Great Xi Clan Biding Their Time And The Counterattack Of Xu Tui (3)

Chapter 1815: The Great Xi Clan Biding Their Time and The Counterattack of Xu Tui (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I can promise that as long as you turn around now and return with us, Second Master’s previous promise will not change,” Tu Chengshan shouted.

At this moment, the three sides were restraining each other. If they attacked forcefully, it would benefit others. Therefore, Tu Chengshan had the idea of asking for surrender.

After all, from the looks of it, Bing Zhen seemed to have nowhere to escape.

Although the guarding army of the Eastern Heavenly Gate did not attack Bing Zhen for some reason, they did not let Bing Zhen in after so long.

This meant that Bing Zhen had no way out.

“If Second Master gives you any promise, my Sixth Master can give you double!

Moreover, I can swear on the power of the Heavenly Dao on the spot.” Feng Qianliu directly undermined Tu Chengshan. Tu Chengshan glared at her, but there was nothing he could do-

Xu Yilong, who was at the back, watched this scene with a smile. He became even more curious about Xu Tui. What big secret could this Seven Satellites ice-type supernatural being have that could make the two chiefs fight here shamelessly?

It seemed that the commander-in-chief’s judgment was correct. He had to think of a way to intercept this Bing Zhen. (Although Xu Zhijia was the deputy commander-in-chief, his subordinates all thought that Xu Zhijia was the commander-in-chief.)

While the three of them were plotting, a total of seven commanders led their elites and silently completed the defense change at the Eastern Heavenly Gate. At the same time, they formed an energy array.

“Star Lord, we’ve already contacted them. Six colleagues are willing to cooperate with you to complete this counterattack,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“Okay!” Xu Tui smiled. “Commander Dongyu, we’ll follow the plan next.”

Solar system, Ceres Star.

Shang Long stood on his sword. Not far away from him were Chi Jing and Shui Zhi, who were flying side by side.

Shui Zhi had already returned to the Fire Origin Palace. In the Fire Origin

Palace, the person in charge of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary

Force was still Chi Jing. However, with the strength of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm and his former identity, even Chi Jing did not dare to underestimate him.

Not far to Shang Long’s left, Gu Ji, who was 30 feet tall and emitting a cold light around him, was also standing there.

Three days ago, after the Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel of the small universe of Ceres Star was activated, Gu Ji brought people from the cosmic tunnel to launch another surprise attack on the Earth Origin Palace.

Fortunately, he had listened to Xu Tui’s suggestion. They only used the Earth Origin Palace’s resources as much as possible. They did not occupy it normally. They could not split their forces too much.

The Blue Star was mainly garrisoned and operated by the Water Origin Palace and the Wood Origin Palace.

Therefore, the Blue Star did not suffer much losses from the Great Xi Clan’s executive Gu Ji’s surprise attack on the Earth Origin Palace. However, one Planetary realm and several quasi-planetary experts died in battle.

Shang Long originally wanted to take revenge, but under the covetous gaze of the Spiritual Race, he had no time.

Over the past few days, the leaders of the three races had gathered together to discuss the cooperation of the three races. They would once again send out their elites to explore the details of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

They had already come to a conclusion.

Coincidentally, Shang Long received an urgent warning message from Xu Tui through the high-level colony of Tri Ling Ding using the Morse password. His expression immediately changed.

Due to the limitation of the length of the information sent by Xu Tui, there was not much content. However, the easy content shocked Shang Long.

In the four Heavenly Gates of the Heavenly Court Universe, other than the Southern Heavenly Gate, the other three Heavenly Gates were all attacked by the army.

Shang Long also knew the details of the last exploration of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Knowing that the Great Xi Clan was abnormally mysterious and could directly made Gu Teng and Ji Tai the commanders of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Shang Long naturally understood what this meant. At this moment, Xu Tui’s warning message came. Shang Long immediately understood something. Thirty seconds later, Shang Long changed his attitude of actively reaching an agreement with Gu Ji and Chi Jing to explore the small universe of the Heavenly Court..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1