Chapter 1810: The Small Universe Of The Heavenly Court Is In Danger (2)

Chapter 1810: The Small Universe of the Heavenly Court Is in Danger (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This made Xu Tui heave a sigh of relief. He was completely relieved. The Star

Lord Seal was useful. This meant that he could successfully enter the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass and the interior of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Before this, Little Six had already controlled a small portion of the Southern City Pass of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. As long as he entered the small universe, Xu Tui would be able to cross the small universe in a short period of time and pass through the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

As long as the southern vortex of the Heavenly Court’s small universe was open, Xu Tui could return to the Blue Star. Then, he could bring the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force home.

Home!

This was a slogan that Xu Tui had shouted at the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force for more than half a year. To be honest, he had been assuring the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force when he first mentioned the slogan of going home more than half a year ago.

However, in reality, Xu Tui did not believe that he could bring the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force back to the solar system from the distant Milky Way without any passageway.

Now, home was right in front of him. Xu Tui felt like his eyes were brimming with tears. He advanced again when he saw the commander of the Eastern

Heavenly Gate speak. He was close to ten kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

Twenty kilometers was a relatively safe distance. After the Heavenly Court guards at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass formed an attack array, their attack range could cover a maximum of 50 kilometers.

However, the further it was, the less power it had. It gave the target more time to react. Ten kilometers was a relatively dangerous distance. Under concentrated fire, as long as one’s reaction was a little slower, they would be reduced to ashes on the spot.

Xu Tui only continued to approach after he confirmed that the Star Lord’s seal was useful.

“I am Star Lord Ji Shui. I am about to return to the Heavenly Court to protect it. Please let me pass,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s our blessing that you can return to the Heavenly Court to protect us in times of crisis. Please enter the pass quickly…” Halfway through his sentence, the expression of the commander-in -chief suddenly changed. At this moment, Tu Chengshan happened to be chasing after them with his men.

This was especially so for the aura of the Nebula Realm and the 10 Nine Satellites. It was extremely terrifying. This made the guard commander very nervous. After all, his guards relied on the collective strength and the power of the fortress.

In terms of top power, it was about the same.

To put it bluntly, after leaving the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass and the array formation set up by the Heavenly Court’s defense army, it would only take a slap for a Nebula Realm expert like Tu Chengshan to kill a very common commander of the Eight Satellites.

Xu Tui also saw that Tu Chengshan had caught up. He quickly advanced again. This time, he flashed two to three kilometers below the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. Then, he looked at Tu Chengshan warily.

Tu Chengshan led his 30 Planetary realm subordinates and rushed all the way to 20 kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. He had no choice but to stop. The 30 of them had already taken a step forward at the same time. A khaki-colored light immediately soared into the sky, forming a majestic mountain shadow that enveloped everyone.

This was the origin of the elite Mountain Barracks under Second Master. The Mountain Barracks was good at defending and attacking. The more people there were, the stronger their defense.

If the two Eight Satellites formed the Mountain Barracks, they could barely resist the attack of one Nine Satellites. If the three Eight Satellites formed the Mountain Barracks, they could resist the attacks of two Nine Satellites.

However, at this moment, they were facing tens of thousands of defenders at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. Once the other party attacked, they might focus fire on thousands of people. Therefore, even if Tu Chengshan and the other elites formed the Mountain Barracks, they did not dare to attack rashly.

Tu Chengshan knew how powerful this was. Even if the top Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators formed a Mountain Barrack and rushed to the base of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City, they might not be able to retreat safely.

Tu Chengshan was even more curious about how Xu Tui, who was also Bing Zhen, could get within three kilometers of the main gate of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City, but the Heavenly Court guards did not attack.

This was simply strange.

Xu Tui had already put away the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal before Tu Chengshan and the others appeared.

At this moment, a confrontation was formed. Xu Tui could not enter. Tu Chengshan brought his elites and did not dare to approach again.

Just as Tu Chengshan was about to shout at Xu Tui, a large number of auras suddenly came from behind him. Tu Chengshan turned around and looked. He immediately felt exasperated. “Why did this woman catch up?”

The person who came over was the key figure of Lord Sixth’s confidentiality chief, Feng Qianliu. At this moment, there was no need for Feng Qianliu to hide. If Tu Chengshan captured Bing Zhen alive on the battlefield of the Xu Zhijia, Feng Qianliu would not be able to hide behind the oriole.

The nature of the robbery would change. Therefore, Feng Qianliu simply revealed her identity. In terms of speed, status, and snatching people, Feng Qianliu and the other wind-types were still very powerful.

They were also 20 kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. The auras of Feng Qianliu and the other 30 people gathered together like swaying willow leaves.

Xu Tui was stunned. He could not help but nod. This was a wind-type Wind Shadow Array. Once it was used, it was extremely difficult for their mind power to lock onto them and attack, greatly increasing their ability to dodge attacks.

At the same time, they could also instantly change their form and focus fire, making their attacks extremely sharp..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1