Chapter 1818: Shang Long’S Moment Of Life And Death (2)

Chapter 1818: Shang Long’s Moment of Life and Death (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

For a moment, the battle between the three races took place at the Heavenly Gate Tunnel in the south of Ceres Star. In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, in the southern Heavenly Gate.

After Gu Ji entered, he immediately turned into a blue stream of light and rushed crazily in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass. At the same time, a small commander seal appeared in front of his chest.

As long as this seal emitted power, the patrolling team of the Heavenly Court guards at the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass would not attack him and delay his movements.

As long as he rushed to the vicinity of the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass with this seal, with the physical body of the Great Xi Clan, he would be able to become the commander of the garrison of the Southern Heavenly Gate City on the spot.

Then, he could find a guard of the Heavenly Court who did not have a commander and become a commander. Moreover, he was at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. In the garrison of the Heavenly Court, commanders could only be at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm at most.

Under such circumstances, he could use this difference in strength to cause trouble. At best, he could affect three to four commanders, but at worst, he could affect seven to eight commanders.

The military system of the Heavenly Court only allowed the military commanders on their side without the interference of the higher-ups.

In other words, after becoming the commander, without the interference of the higher-ups, Gu Ji could order his group of Heavenly Court guards to attack the other Heavenly Court guards who were not from the Southern Heavenly

Gate.

It was said that this system was established by the ancient Heavenly Court to prevent the guards of the Heavenly Court from rebelling. However, now, it had become a loophole that the Great Xi Clan could exploit.

Of course, Gu Ji also understood that the elite subordinates he left behind would not be able to stop Shang Long for long. But as long as he could enter the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass as a commander, so what if Shang Long chased after him?

At that time, with the collective strength of the guards of the Southern Heavenly Gate City, he would definitely be able to kill Shang Long if he dared to charge.

It could be said that a great contribution was in sight!

Gu Ji flew with all his might. Although speed was not the strength of the Great

Xi Clan, at his current speed, he would be able to fly to the Southern Heavenly Gate City in a minute at most. At that time, he only needed to show the commander’s seal.

Behind him, Shang Long, who had just chased in, turned into a sword light and chased after Gu Ji. The moment he chased after him, a strange light instantly appeared in his eyes.

Heart Eye, Heart Sword!

Suddenly, Gu Ji, who was hundreds of kilometers ahead of Shang Long, felt a sense of shock. A flying sword suddenly appeared in front of him and slashed towards him. Gu Ji’s expression changed. Blue energy rays shot out from his palm and instantly shattered the Heart Eye Flying Sword.

However, his speed clearly slowed down.

Shang Long’s Heart Eye Sword could kill enemies from thousands of miles away. Its power was naturally much weaker, especially when facing a powerful enemy like Gu Ji. However, it was extremely good to use it to stop the enemy.

Although it only made Gu Ji slow down for a moment, this moment was enough for the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

After three Heart Eye Flying Swords, Shang Long’s sword light suddenly passed above Gu Ji’s head and blocked in front of him. The extremely sharp sword light instantly slashed towards Gu Ji.

Gu Ji was shocked and furious. He did not expect Shang Long to stop him under such circumstances. In the distance, he could vaguely see the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Gu Ji was furious. However, he did not dare to underestimate Shang Long’s sword light.

When Shang Long was still in the Eight Satellites, he had already severely injured a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Now that Shang Long had broken through to the Nine Satellites, he definitely had the strength to kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Therefore, Gu Ji did not dare to be careless.

For a moment, Gu Ji was blocked here by Shang Long. He had no chance of breaking through. From time to time, he would be hit by a sword. If not for the fact that Gu Ji had been through hundreds of battles and that the Great Xi Clan had strong defense, he would have been severely injured.

During this period, Gu Ji even wanted to use his injuries to exchange for a chance to break through. After all, the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass was right in front of him.

However, Shang Long almost cut off his head, scaring Gu Ji.

Gu Ji already understood that he could not be careless in front of a swordsman with sharp attacks like Shang Long.

Shang Long was actually a little helpless. Back then, when he was in the Eight Satellites, he could exchange injuries for serious injuries. However, Shui Zhi was clearly fragile. He would really be severely injured if he was hit.

However, for a Great Xi Clan like Gu Ji, his physical body was the most powerful defense equipment. Even if it was cut open, it would spontaneously recover after a few seconds unless he severely injured Gu Ji’s energy core.

In other words, Shang Long already understood that he would not be able to severely injure or even kill Gu Ji in a short period of time. He could only stop Gu Ji here.

Now, Shang Long’s only worry was…

What he was afraid of would happen!

Just as Shang Long thought of a possibility, a flame and water light passed through the sky from afar. The water light was extremely fast. The flame was slower, but it was only slower.

Three seconds later, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing landed behind Gu Ji. However, the two of them did not participate in the battle immediately. Instead, they watched the battle from afar with playful expressions.

“Gu Ji, you didn’t mention this in the previous cooperation discussion. Why did you suddenly charge in?” Chi Jing sneered.

Gu Ji was silent. Shang Long was also silent.

Shang Long could roughly tell that the Great Xi Clan was working with the Spiritual Race again. Last time, he had pulled the Great Xi Clan to the side of the Blue Star humans. However, this time, he had to fight the Great Xi Clan to the death. The possibility of pulling the Spiritual Race to the side of the Blue Star humans was too low..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1