Chapter 1816: Sword Locks The Space

Chapter 1816: Sword Locks the Space

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Solar system, Ceres Star, below the vortex tunnel of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Shang Long, Gu Ji, Chi Jing, and Shui Zhi were discussing and coordinating a plan to enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Before Shang Long received Xu Tui’s urgent warning, he was more in favor of the three races exploring the small universe together. He was also actively advancing impetus.

The reason was very simple. The last time they explored the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the Huaxia Sector had gained a lot. Because of Xu Tui, they later obtained dozens of star seals from various levels of the Heavenly Court.

If they were to explore again this time, with the foundation of the previous exploration, many people would have the Star Official Seals. Although they had not completely refined it, they would definitely have a huge advantage when they entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court again.

One of their advantages was that they would not be attacked by the guards of the Heavenly Court after they showed their Star Official Seal.

Shang Long felt that with the results from the previous time as the foundation, he would definitely gain a lot from exploring the small universe again.

Last time, the Blue Star had tricked the exploration members of the other three races. Although it was because of Xu Tui, Shang Long felt that with the results of the previous exploration as the foundation, they could severely injure the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race during the exploration process.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui’s warning stunned Shang Long.

At the side, the executive of the Great Xi Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force, Gu Ji, was still nitpicking about the conditions that Shang Long had just raised.

“Why should the Blue Star double the number of people? Personally, I think that just the fact that the Blue Star has occupied the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace is unsustainable. I think that the number of people entering our three races should be the same. That’s the fairest,” Gu Ji said.

“I support Commander Gu Jits opinion. The three races should explore together. The number of people entering should be the same.” Chi Jing also expressed his opinion.

Shui Zhi, who was behind Chi Jing, had a solemn expression. His identity had changed now. He had come here to put on a show, but he no longer had the right to speak. At the very least, it was the right to speak that the Spiritual Race had officially recognized.

Of course, if Shui Zhi insisted on interfering, he would still have a certain amount of influence with his strength as a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Gu Ji and Chi Jing both objected. According to the normal agenda, this matter was set. Of course, according to Gu Ji’s thoughts, it was rather difficult to set the tone like this. He had to give the Blue Star some benefits. Later, he could make an appropriate concession and give the Blue Star a few more spots.

This way, he could hide his goal very well.

To be honest, he, who had a special mission, wanted to reach a cooperation agreement the most at this moment and enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court in the shortest time possible.

If he could successfully enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court and complete the special orders of the chief executive, not only would he be able to obtain a large number of rewards, but he might even be directly enhanced by his father. Most importantly, his ranking among the executives of the Great Xi Clan would soar.

Of course, he had to show that he did not want to. Gu Ji understood such a basic tactic.

“I can understand your opinions.” Shang Long, who had been deep in thought for a minute, suddenly spoke.

“Oh, you agreed?” Gu Ji was delighted.

“Yes, I agree.” Shang Long nodded. “Our three races have the same number of people to enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court to explore. However, we have to wait a few days before entering.”

“Huh, why?” Gu Ji suddenly looked up at Shang Long. The condition that Shang Long had raised was what he could not accept the most.

It could even be said that Gu Ji could agree to Shang Long’s condition of doubling the number of people. However, he could not delay it for a few days.

“The captain of our Blue Star’s exploration of the small universe of the Heavenly Court is still on the way. He will only arrive in a few days. We need to wait.” Shang Long preferred to be a swordsman. He was not good at politics. However, after so many years of training, he still had some tricks up his sleeve. He did not directly refuse this matter. Instead, he found an excuse.

“Captain? Who is it? How long will it take?” Chi Jing asked.

“You know, Xu Tui. He’s still on another planet. It will probably take him another half a month to rush back,” Shang Long said.

The words ‘Xu Tui’ made the expressions of Gu Ji, Chi Jing, and Shui Zhi become unnatural. Both the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race suffered greatly at Xu Tui’s hands. It was not just the team they had sent out to explore the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Even Shui Zhi had been unlucky in the battle of Planet X.

“About half a month? If Xu Tui doesn’t come for a year, will we not explore the small universe of the Heavenly Court for a year?” Shui Zhi said unhappily.

Chi Jing looked at Shui Zhi in surprise, but he immediately supported his opinion. “That’s right! You can choose to send someone else, but you can’t wait that long. What if the vortex tunnel in the Heavenly Court’s small universe is closed in half a month?” Chi Jing said.

Hearing this, Shang Long looked at Gu Ji.

“No, half a month is too long. I don’t agree.” Gu Ji clearly expressed his opinion.

“This…” Shang Long frowned. After pondering for a few seconds, Shang Long said, “It’s fine if we don’t wait for Xu Tui, but we have to wait for the other captain candidate to arrive. As you know, Cai Shaochu will need about seven days.”

First, he would make an unreasonable condition for the other party to refuse. Then, he would make a more protracted condition. It would be extremely difficult for the other party to refuse.

“Seven days?” As expected, Chi Jing frowned and did not refuse immediately. “Seven days is a little long. It’s best to make it faster. We can wait three to five days, but seven days is too long.”

“No!” As soon as Chi Jing finished speaking, Gu Ji rejected him. He had received a military order. Otherwise, he would not have brought people to the Earth Origin Palace for a long time. “It’s too long. Moreover, it’s hard to say when the vortex tunnel in the small universe of the Heavenly Court will close. It might take ten days or two days. This opportunity was once in a blue moon.

“Our three races have to choose our candidates within half a day and enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court to explore.” After saying that, Gu Ji glanced at Chi Jing and sent a voice transmission to his consciousness. “Elder Chi Jing, the Blue Star must have a motive for stalling for time.

“Moreover, be it Xu Tui or Cai Shaochu, other than their strength, they had outstanding strategies. When they returned to be the captain of the Blue Star, we would probably suffer greatly.

“Therefore, if we want to explore, we have to enter in a short period of time.

Otherwise, our exploration team might be completely wiped out again.”

Chi Jing’s heart skipped a beat. Last time, Xu Tui was still a quasi-planetary. He had only broken through to the Planetary realm in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, but he had already achieved such a huge battle record. Currently, it was said that Xu Tui’s cultivation had soared to the Five Satellites or Six Satellites. Even Elder Shui Zhi, who was at the peak of the Planetary realm, could not stop him. If Shang Long had played a trick and let Xu Tui return to be the captain, then the exploration members of their two families would really have a chance of being wiped out.

After weighing the pros and cons, Chi Jing was completely on Gu Ji’s side.

“Let’s do it according to Commander Gu Ji, and set it within half a day. When your elites arrive, we won’t be able to afford the time. However, as a concession, your Blue Star can have two more members than us,” Chi Jing said.

“I agree,” Gu Ji said.

“Hah!” Shang Long suddenly sneered. He looked at Gu Ji and Chi Jing and sneered. “I wasn’t discussing it with you when I said to wait at least seven days. Instead, I’m telling you a fact. Regardless of whether you agree or not, you have to wait for at least seven days until Cai Shaochu returns! Otherwise!”

Buzz!

A clear sword cry flew out from behind Shang Long’s head. A silver sword light instantly soared into the sky and circled in front of the vortex tunnel.

Sword qi surged!

“Whoever dares to barge in will have to ask for the permission of my sword!” As he spoke, Shang Long’s Nine Satellites Planetary realm aura and sword energy spread in all directions. “Seven days! Seven days later, Captain Cai Shaochu will arrive. We’ll explore together.” As Shang Long’s sword energy soared through the air, he drew a bottom line.

Chi Jing was still a little hesitant, but Gu Ji was unwilling.

Seven days! If he entered seven days later, it would be good enough if the chief executive did not want his head, let alone reward him. Millions of troops were holding back on the other side, waiting for him to take action.

After he succeeded, the millions of troops would immediately feign an attack before turning into a forceful attack. Then, they would attack from the inside and outside and attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court in one fell swoop to establish an unparalleled technique.

Originally, Gu Ji would not have been the one to make the contribution. But before this, when the Senate sent him to explore the solar system, they had already considered the situation in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

According to Father God’s revelation, the first to unseal the Heavenly Court’s small universe would definitely be the Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel.

The Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel was the most prosperous passageway facing the Blue Star humans in the ancient Heavenly Court.

Therefore, if the small universe of the Heavenly Court was unsealed, the

Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel would definitely appear first. The Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel was on Ceres Star in the solar system. This was very clear.

Therefore, when he came, the chief executive, Lu Qi, personally invited the three military seals that had been sealed for nearly 3,000 years and handed them over to Gu Ji.

He asked Gu Ji to take the opportunity to occupy the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass after the Southern Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court’s small universe opened. He wanted to blockade the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass and prevent the other races from entering the Heavenly Court’s small universe to obtain the greatest benefits.

As long as they occupied the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass, the elites of the Great Xi Clan could slowly explore the entire small universe of the Heavenly Court and continuously gather their strength until they completely occupied it.

The plan was good. They had also occupied the Southern Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court’s small universe.

However, it was destroyed by Xu Tui.

This time, Gu Ji was ordered to rely on the remaining military seal of the

Heavenly Court’s small universe commander to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate. He had to help the Great Xi Clan’s army attack the Heavenly Court’s small universe in the shortest time possible and occupy it.

He was already guilty of his previous failure. This time, the chief executive had actually asked him to atone for his crimes. Therefore, at this moment, Gu Ji became anxious. However, when he saw that Shang Long’s sword was locked in the air and that he was about to risk his life, Chi Jing shrank.

Chi Jing felt that there was no need to risk his life with Shang Long over this matter.

What was the harm in waiting?

However, Gu Ji could not. What made Gu Ji even more anxious was that he could tell that Chi Jing was about to retreat. This way, he would not be able to force Shang Long to agree alone.

Gu Ji really could not accept waiting for three days, let alone seven days. After thinking for a few seconds, Gu Ji looked at Shang Long, who had his sword locked in the air, and chuckled. He suddenly snapped his fingers.

In the next moment, an Eight Satellites Planetary realm cultivator from the Great Xi Clan, one Seven Satellites and two Six Satellites, quickly flew behind Gu Ji.

“What do you want to do?” Shang Long sneered as sword light danced.

“I…” Gu Ji chuckled. In the next moment, he suddenly roared, “Kill!”

In an instant, Gu Ji and his capable subordinate, the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, Gu Shuang, led the others to attack Shang Long with all their might.

Although this attack was sudden, Shang Long was not afraid at all.

Another flying sword instantly flew out from behind him. The light of the two swords interwoven into a net of light, but it blocked all the attacks.

However, at this moment, Gu Shuang had already brought people to attack Shang Long. It was as if they did not care about their lives. Shang Long had no choice but to return to his sword and kill a Seven Satellites first.

However, at the same time, Gu Ji, who was attacking Shang Long, suddenly turned into a blue light and instantly entered the Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel of the small universe of the Heavenly Court and disappeared.

Shang Long’s expression changed drastically!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1