Chapter 1817: Shang Long’S Moment Of Life And Death (1)

Chapter 1817: Shang Long’s Moment of Life and Death (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Gu Ji actually disregarded the life and death of his subordinates and got his subordinates to entangle Shang Long with their lives while he charged straight into the south gate of Ceres Star.

At this moment, Shang Long was extremely certain that what Xu Tui said was true. He would definitely not allow Gu Ji to succeed. He had to chase after Gu Ji.

In an instant, Shang Long pounced towards the Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel at lightning speed. However, the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Shuang brought along three subordinates and fought with all his might.

With one strike, Shang Long killed another Six Satellites Planetary realm. Shang Long did not have the time to deal with his mental body. However, at this moment, the other experts of the Blue Star also pounced forward. Among them, Erera was the fastest.

As soon as she came up, Erera injured Gu Shuang. Shang Long immediately got free. When Gu Ji pounced into the vortex tunnel in the south, Chi Jing and Shui Zhi of the Spiritual Race also revealed surprised expressions.

Currently, the cooperation between the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race was directly ordered from above. It was also because of this that he had a foundation of trust with Gu Ji, who had betrayed him once before, and started a preliminary cooperation.

However, be it Chi Jing or Shui Zhi, they did not know that Gu Ji would do such a thing. What was Gu Ji trying to do by rushing into the Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel first? He must be up to something.

In the next moment, Chi Jing and Shui Zhi looked at each other. The last time they explored the small universe of the Heavenly Court flashed through their minds. The Great Xi Clan directly controlled a portion of the defense of the Southern Heavenly Gate of the small universe.

“There’s more! Gu Ji still has a treasure that can directly control the defense of the Southern Heavenly Gate, ” Shui Zhi said.

“Let’s go and kill our way in! This time, we must not let Gu Ji take advantage of us again.” Chi Jing was also a decisive person. He immediately made a decision.

In an instant, Chi Jing and Shui Zhi pounced towards the Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel at the same time. However, their speed and reaction were still slower than Shang Long, who was staring at Gu Ji.

Shang Long was the second to rush into the Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel. The moment he rushed in, two sword lights instantly slashed out.

The sword forced Shui Zhi, who was the fastest, to stop. The other sword instantly split Gu Shuang, who was fighting Erera, into two.

Previously, Gu Shuang had already been injured. At this moment, he was fighting the powerful Erera with all his might. He did not expect Shang Long, who was about to rush into the small universe of the Heavenly Court, to attack him like this.

The moment his body shattered, Erera’s red ray had already blasted onto his energy core. With a despairing roar, Gu Shuang died.

At the same time, Shang Long disappeared from the Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel. However, Shang Long had already used his consciousness to send an order to the Blue Star.

“Erera, pass down my orders. Defend the Southern Heavenly Gate Vortex

Tunnel to the death. No more Great Xi Clan members are allowed to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel. Wei Bin will command,” Shang Long said.

Erera, who had just killed Gu Shuang, immediately sent a mental voice transmission to Haydoff, Augustus, Anlevich, Wei Bin, and the others, who had just rushed up behind her, to convey the order.

The reason why he asked Erera to pass on the order was mainly because the

Blue Star’s current power structure in the extra-terrestrial was rather special.

The power structure of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial was that other than being endorsed by the various sectors, the special combat teams of the various sectors were basically captains of the strongest people. Then, they listened to Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers.

However, the captains of these special forces were all temporary heroes. It was too difficult for anyone to command them with their positions.

However, it would become very easy for those who were stronger than them to command them. For example, Shang Long and Xu Tui. Other than Shang Long and Xu Tui, the third person on the Blue Star in terms of strength was Erera.

Erera was now at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. Previously, she had to fight every battle first and charge into the battle. Her prestige was also quite high. With her strength, she could naturally command everyone.

If other orders were relayed, the execution would probably not be so thorough. At this moment, as Erera relayed the order, the experts of the Blue Star instantly pressed forward. Under Wei Bin’s command, Planetary realm powerhouses guarding the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace continuously charged out.

In the past half a year, thanks to the continuous increase in the concentration of energy on the Blue Star, the concentration of energy on the various planets in the solar system had also greatly increased. Young experts of the Blue Star appeared like bamboo shoots after rain.

Quasi-planetary and Planetary realms continued to appear.

Moreover, because of the benefits of cultivation, the Blue Star had mobilized a large number of newly-advanced quasi-planetary and Planetary realm experts to the Water Origin and Wood Origin Palaces. However, most of them were in the Planetary realm of the First and Two Satellites.

Wei Bin could sense the determination of Shang Long’s order. At the same time, it was also to increase his advantage from the start. He wanted to gather all the Planetary realm experts from the two palaces who could attack from afar.

The other experts of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race also rushed towards the Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel of Ceres Star.

The Great Xi’s Solar System Expeditionary Force in the Earth Origin Palace came out in full strength and charged crazily towards the Southern Heavenly Gate Tunnel. Everyone fought for the lead.

After Chi Jing and Shui Zhi followed Shang Long into the Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel, although the Spiritual Race in the Fire Origin Palace also sent out many elites to participate in the battle, they were clearly holding back..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1