Chapter 1829: I Still Have One Sword (3)

Chapter 1829: I Still Have One Sword (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Remember, contact me immediately if anything happens. Don’t take the risk,” Xu Tui instructed Tao Guan.

Before Tao Guan died in battle, he was only at the Four Satellites Planetary realm. Currently, he possesses the body of the Heavenly Court guard of the Seven Satellites. Although Xu Tui had supplied a lot of Silver Boxes of Spirit to strengthen his mental body and given a lot of Soul Crystals to strengthen it, he had only been a cultivator of the Extreme Branch in the beginning. His mental body was not strong. After following Kitawan to strengthen his mental body, it was only equivalent to the mental body of a supernatural being of the Four Satellites.

It was not too powerful.

“Don’t worry, Commander. I understand! I’ve already died once. I understand.” Although Tao Guan was very excited when he first controlled the army, just as he had said, it was different now that he had died once.

Xu Zhijia, the deputy commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race, finally rushed back. Not to mention the dark faces of Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu, Xu Zhijia’s face also darkened when he learned that there were more than 300 Planetary realm casualties.

Especially when he learned that there were 12 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who had died in battle under Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu, his face darkened.

It was disadvantageous to lose before the battle.

“Retreat after recording the basic data of the guards of the Heavenly Court.” Xu Zhijia gave the order.

Xu Tui, who had finished explaining everything, quickly left the direction of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

He felt that after this battle, the Spiritual Race would not launch a high-intensity attack for the time being. There was a high chance that the

Spiritual Race would maintain their previous strategy and steadily advance.

They would continuously build the fortress below the Eastern Heavenly Gate Pass. Furthermore, they would be more cautious.

Under such circumstances, the Eastern Heavenly Gate city pass should be safe for the time being.

What Xu Tui had to do now was to bring the Blue Star Expeditionary Force back in the shortest time possible.

The longer the Blue Star Expeditionary Force stayed in the Spiritual Race area, the more dangerous it would be. After giving his instructions, Xu Tui immediately flew in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass with the seal of the Ji Shui Star Lord above his head.

With the Ji Shui Star Lord’s seal paving the way, other than a few forbidden areas, Xu Tui could pass through the small universe of the Heavenly Court without any obstruction. A few kilometers away from the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass, Shang Long was fighting Gu Ji, Chi Jing, and Shui Zhi with his sword.

Although Chi Jing was only at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, the Flame Mirror in his hand was a spirit treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor. It could greatly increase his strength and make his attacks extremely powerful. In reality, Chi Jing had the power of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Chi Jing had the strength of a peak-level Eight Satellites. With the Spiritual Treasure, the Flame Mirror, given to him by the Holy Ancestor, he had the combat strength of a Nine Satellites. It had to be known that even Shui Zhi had to be a little wary of Chi Jing with the Flame Mirror in hand. It could be seen how powerful this spiritual treasure was.

In other words, at this moment, Shang Long was fighting three Nine Satellites alone. Under normal circumstances, Shang Long could obtain the upper hand against any of the three people, Gu Ji, Chi Jing, and Shui Zhi. He could even obtain overwhelming strength.

Shang Long’s attacks were extremely sharp. If he fought any of the three, even if he could not win, he would be able to withstand it and not lose in a short period of time. However, Shang Long was immediately at a huge disadvantage when he fought three Nine Satellites at the same time.

This was especially so for Gu Ji, Chi Jing, and Shui Zhi, who had been through hundreds of battles. Within a few seconds of the battle, the three of them had figured out a joint attack technique that was suitable for the three of them.

It was easy to say. Gu Ji, who had extremely strong defense, was at the front, entangled with Shang Long’s power. Chi Jing and Shui Zhi were attacking with all their might to share the pressure on Gu Ji.

In less than a minute of the battle, Shang Long was injured and vomited blood twice.

The second time he vomited blood, Shang Long’s sword light suddenly moved. The blood that he spat out suddenly fused into the sword light. In an instant, the power of the sword light increased greatly.

The Sword of Annihilation!

The sword strike forced Gu Ji, who was at the front, to retreat dozens of meters. There was a horizontal wound on his chest. Even though Gu Ji’s energy was surging, his recovery was rather slow.

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing’s attacks became even more anxious. Shang Long’s situation became even more difficult. He began to vomit blood from his injuries.

Every time he vomited blood, Shang Long could always use his blood to use the Sword of Annihilation and cause more or less damage to Gu Ji. However, it was obvious that if this continued, Shang Long would die before Gu Ji was destroyed.

Sensing that Shang Long was gradually becoming enfeeble, Gu Ji also laughed. “Shang Long, I wonder how much blood you have to spit.”

In the next moment, Gu Ji, Chi Jing, and Shui Zhi instantly changed their tactics. Shui Zhi and Chi Jing tried their best to restrain Shang Long, but Gu Ji suddenly accelerated. He passed Shang Long and rushed towards the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Gu Ji aimed accurately. This was Shang Long’s current weakness. With this, Shang Long would not be able to take care of the situation and would definitely be severely injured. As expected, in order to stop Gu Ji, Shang Long had no choice but to take an attack from Shui Zhi. He vomited blood and was severely injured again.

“Hahaha, again!” Gu Ji roared. He cooperated with Chi Jing and Shui Zhi again and rushed towards the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Shang Long knew that he could not let Gu Ji rush into the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass today. Suddenly, Shang Long’s flying sword trembled. His heart contracted crazily. Blood spurted out of his mouth, instantly turning into a blood sword with a shocking aura that slashed at Gu Ji.

The Sword of Annihilation that had become one with the sword!

Gu Ji was shocked. He instantly defended with all his might and roared, “Help me!”

Chi Jing and Shui Zhi attacked Shang Long’s Sword of Annihilation with all their might. Shui Zhi was especially familiar with this Sword of Annihilation. Half a year ago, Shang Long had used the aura of the Sword of Annihilation to scare him away. And now, the three of them had worked together to annihilate Shang Long’s Sword of Annihilation on the spot.

In an instant, Shui Zhi understood.

“Shang Long, we’ve already broken your Sword of Annihilation. What else can you do today?” Shui Zhi laughed.

“Hahahaha!” Shang Long laughed. “I still have one sword. Try taking it again..

This sword is called Fall and Forward!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1