Chapter 1824: Severely Injured And Who Are You (2)

Chapter 1824: Severely Injured and Who Are You (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Six other forms of energy focused fire blasted in all directions. The sound of silently melting, screams, angry roars, and the smell of burnt flesh instantly spread throughout the battlefield.

The first to be attacked was the wind-element lineage that was only five kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. A total of 10 Nine Satellites and 22 Planetary realm experts from the Five to Eight Satellites led by Feng Guoyue were being focused on by the energy pillar.

The Wind Shadow Array that the 30 of them had gathered only flashed for a moment. It shook for less than a tenth of a second before it dissipated.

Feng Guoyue and the others had reacted a little slower because Feng Qianliu had been attacked. When the attack arrived, they realized that they could not take it head-on and urgently ordered their subordinates to save their lives.

Under the violent flashes of more than 30 green lights, most of them were melted by the concentrated fire of this energy.

A cruel or intelligent scene was displayed at this moment.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts understood that they would not be able to escape under normal circumstances the moment the energy fire descended. Therefore, they immediately hid behind the other Planetary realms and even the other Nine Satellites’ defense screens and used the lives of their companions to fight for a chance of survival for themselves.

In an instant, the green shadows kept flickering, disintegrating, and vaporizing. A second later, only seven green shadows escaped from the concentrated energy fire and fled behind. Including Feng Guoyue, five of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had escaped. Three of them were seriously injured.

These Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were all experienced in battle. They had extremely rich combat experience and were powerful. It was reasonable for five of them to escape.

As for the other two Planetary realm experts who escaped, it was purely luck. They were lucky enough to escape as they were at the edge.

The men Feng Qianliu brought suffered heavy losses. She had brought a total of 33 people. Including herself, there were 11 Nine Satellites. There were only eight people who survived. Six of them were in the Six Satellites Planetary realm. Four of them were seriously injured. Feng Qianliu had also lost her body.

In the distance, Feng Qianliu was stunned by this scene. If she had a physical body, she would have vomited blood when she saw this scene. The losses could no longer be described as heavy. Their wind-element lineage had never suffered such a tragic loss in the past few hundred years.

What surprised Xu Tui was the Mountain Barracks led by Tu Chengshan.

Originally, Xu Tui had thought that the number of survivors from the earth-element lineage led by Tu Chengshan was only a little more than the wind-element lineage.

After all, the Mountain Barracks was good at defense. Tu Chengshan was also there. However, its disadvantages were also obvious. It was relatively slow. However, what surprised Xu Tui was that this was the first time he had seen how terrifying the defense of the earth-element Mountain Barracks was.

Under the concentrated fire of 9,000 people, the Mountain Barracks formed by Tu Chengshan and the other 30-odd Planetary realms also melted like snow. However, at the same time, Tu Chengshan let out a furious roar and stomped his foot on the ground with the 30-odd elites under him.

The earth-element lineage was invincible as long as they stepped on the ground. Countless earthen yellow lights rose from the ground and from within their bodies, converging into the Mountain Barracks that protected all of them.

The Mountain Barracks that were about to melt suddenly became thicker. It was not destroyed by the concentrated fire of 9,000 people.

This shocked Xu Tui. This defensive ability was too abnormal. However, the consequences of the abnormal defense ability of the Mountain Barracks and the fact that they had taken the concentrated fire of the 9,000-odd guards of the Heavenly Court head-on were instantly displayed.

Due to the backlash from the Mountain Barracks, the power in their bodies was overdrawn. In the First Division of Tu Chengshan, a total of 17 Planetary realm experts, including five Five Satellites, 10 Six Satellites, and two Seven Satellites, disintegrated into ashes on the spot.

It was not just their bodies. Their mental bodies also disintegrated into ashes on the spot. Other than that, the remaining earth-element Planetary realm experts, including Tu Chengshan, spat out blood at the same time and were injured.

“Retreat!” Tu Chengshan roared angrily. He brought the remaining 13 people and still formed the Mountain Barracks, retreating rapidly. None of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts died.

Xu Tui instantly looked at Dongyu Jiajiu, who had completed his energy focus. “Commander Dongyu, should we pursue them?”

“I’m afraid it’s more dangerous to pursue, right?” Dongyu Jiajiu was very cautious.

“We’ll only chase out a portion of them. Chase them out for about ten kilometers. The other commanders can gather their energy and focus fire again to deter them and expand the results,” Xu Tui suggested.

“Alright, but if there’s any danger, we’ll retreat immediately! If the enemy forces press forward in all aspects, our situation will become very dangerous,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“Alright.”

The 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and the 3,000 Planetary realm experts that Xu Yilong was at were targeted by energy at the same time. Xu Yilong and the 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts gathered around him displayed extremely powerful combat strength.

While they formed a formation to protect themselves, they blasted at the energy pillar.

Firstly, they were powerful enough. Secondly, they were nine kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. Although the energy fire was fast, it was enough for them to take action.

The 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts attacked at the same time. The formation was extremely shocking, and the destructive power was also extremely shocking. Nearly a quarter of the energy in the energy pillar was melted, and its power was greatly reduced..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1