Chapter 1826: Severely Injured And Who Are You (4)

Chapter 1826: Severely Injured and Who Are You (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He should have killed Xu Tui back then.

Just as Tu Chengshan was about to vomit blood in regret, Xu Tui did not stop moving.

The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal flew out one after another. Then, with the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal as the core, the seven mountains instantly flew into the air, forming an earth array that blasted towards the chaotic Planetary realm camp in front of them.

Earth Array Mountain Town!

The seven mountains flew into the air and fused into a mountain shadow. It quickly blasted down and bombarded an area of 200 meters. In an instant, screams rang out. More than 20 low-level Planetary realm experts were killed on the spot. Ten more Planetary realm experts lost their combat strength. The results were huge.

An indescribable sense of danger suddenly arrived. In his mental perception, the void fluctuations in all directions began to become strange.

Teleportation!

Xu Tui instantly disappeared. The moment he disappeared, the void where he was suddenly shattered. The enemy’s counterattack was here. It was the supernatural ability of the Void Clan.

In the distance, Xu Yilong, who had begun to reorganize his troops, narrowed his eyes. He could actually dodge the attacks of the supernatural abilities of the Void lineage. He was not ordinary.

On the other side, Tu Chengshan was shocked. The ability of the Earth Array Mountain Town that Xu Tui had displayed just now had completely overturned his understanding. Wasn’t Bing Zhen an ice-type supernatural being? How could he have earth-element supernatural abilities?

Moreover, from the looks of it, this earth-element supernatural ability was so powerful that it was even stronger than his ice-element supernatural ability.

“Bing Zhen, who exactly are you?” Tu Chengshan once again had doubts about Xu Tui’s true identity.

Xu Tui’s figure silently appeared on the other side of the Eastern Heavenly Gate. The moment he appeared, more than ten small swords condensed from mind power instantly formed a Spirit Sealing Array Sword and blasted toward Feng Qianliu.

Xu Tui still wanted to create a special battle result. He could either kill Feng Qianliu or capture her alive. He believed that Yang Huai would definitely be able to pry open Feng Qianliu’s mouth with his hard work. Just the thought of it made him excited. How many secrets did she have of the Spiritual Race?

However, Feng Qianliu was also an expert in assassination and concealment. She was extremely sensitive to auras. She had sensed Xu Tui when he appeared not far away from her. She had wanted to take the opportunity to attack, but her expression changed the moment she sensed the aura of Xu Tui’s small mind power sword. She instantly turned into a green light and disappeared.

Xu Tui’s Spirit Sealing Array Sword missed. It was also at this moment that Xu

Yilong displayed his powerful command and organizational abilities. He began to mobilize the Planetary realm army and attack the Heavenly Court guards who had charged out of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

At the same time, the Spiritual Race army at the back, especially the long-range attacks, also began to suppress them.

In Xu Yilong’s mind, if he could swallow these three armies of the Heavenly Court, it would be considered a contribution.

However, it was unknown if it was because of the military rules or because they were naturally timid and cautious, but when they saw that the chaotic Spiritual Race army had become organized again and had begun to counterattack, they immediately gave the order to retreat.

The Heavenly Court’s defense army began to retreat after creating some results and killing dozens of Planetary realm experts.

Seeing the Heavenly Court’s defense army retreat, Xu Yilong wanted to chase after them quickly. However, in just an instant, Xu Yilong ordered the entire army to retreat slowly.

Above the Eastern Heavenly Gate fortress, the armies under the four commanders of the Heavenly Court had already completed the initial energy accumulation. They could fire again at any time.

Although it was much weaker than the previous energy focus fire, it was still very terrifying.

While Feng Qianliu was escaping, Xu Tui took the opportunity to turn a wind-element Nine Satellites into an ice sculpture. He flashed all the way and threw the Planetary realm that he had sealed into an ice sculpture into the quantum dimensional chain.

“Kill this fellow!” Tu Chengshan roared angrily. The Nine Satellites Planetary realms under him and Feng Qianliu, and the Nine Satellites Planetary realm under Xu Yilong attacked at the same time to chase after Xu Tui.

However, Xu Tui activated his mind power and instantly disappeared. He directly appeared at the opening of the Heavenly Gate Energy Defense

Formation and retreated into the Heavenly Gate City Pass with the Heavenly Court’s defense army.

When the Energy Defense Array closed again, the exasperated Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu shouted angrily, “Bing Zhen, who exactly are you?”

In the next moment, a red flag of the Worldly Demon Slayers began to fly above the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass of the small universe.

“I am the commander of the Blue Star Humans’ Worldly Demon Slayers, Xu Tui.”

Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu were stunned!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1