Chapter 1828: I Still Have One Sword (2)

Chapter 1828: I Still Have One Sword (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

They were filled with anticipation when Xu Tui said that.

Xu Tui: ‘

Xu Tui had wanted to rely on his status as a special envoy to first integrate the military affairs of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. However, everything in the military depended on the rules.

Without a seal, it was impossible for him to be promoted to a high-ranking commander.

Xu Tui did not feel awkward at all under the expectant gazes of the commanders. Instead, he smiled and said, “Alright! When I get the great commander’s seal, I’ll promote Dongyu Jiu to a military position. However, before that, Dongyu Jiajiu will temporarily command the defense of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass.”

The commanders looked at Xu Tui. They did not agree or refuse. This made Xu Tui a little speechless. This was really a place that followed military rules.

“Then before I promote Dongyu Jiajiu to a great commander, I’ll let Dongyu

Jiajiu take the lead and discuss with you to integrate the defense of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. The 36 divisions will try their best to act in unison. If you have any disagreements that you can’t resolve, you can contact me to decide.” Xu Tui could only take a step back.

Only then did Dongyu Jiajiu and the other commanders nod in agreement. It seemed that Xu Tui would have to hold the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole for a long time to integrate the defense of the Eastern Heavenly Gate Pass. Or he could get one or two of the great commander’s seals.

However, it was obvious that Xu Tui would not be able to guard the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass for a long time. There were four Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. This time, three Heavenly Gates were attacked.

At the same time, Xu Tui had an even more important mission. He had to bring the Blue Star Expeditionary Force back in a short period of time. This time, his appearance in the small universe of the Heavenly Court might make the higher-ups of the Spiritual Race re-evaluate the Blue Star Expeditionary Force or their trajectory. They might discover an accident.

It would only be safe if they returned.

However, if Xu Tui left like this, he would lose contact with the garrison of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and suddenly said, “I have an elite under me. At this moment, three of the 36 commanders of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass are missing. I want to appoint him as one of the commanders.

“After this person is appointed as the commander, he can advise you on your tactical strategy. At the same time, you can contact me at any time. If there’s an emergency, you can deal with it urgently.”

One of the commanders nodded when he heard Xu Tui’s suggestion. “As long as you have the commander’s seal, you can appoint a commander to take over the Heavenly Court guards that are temporarily unmanned.”

Xu Tui was speechless. He did not have the commander’s seal. Otherwise, he would not have been so long-winded.

Actually, there was one. Little Six had a commander’s seal that he had snatched from the Great Xi Clan when he explored the small universe of the Heavenly Court last time. If Xu Tui was willing, he could directly appoint Little Six as the commander of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

Although the commander’s seal should also belong to the four city passes of the east, south, west, and north, Xu Tui’s status as the special envoy of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole could ignore this limitation.

The problem now was that Xu Tui still had a use for Little Six. At that time, Little Six might be more useful to the Southern Heavenly Gate. Based on the current situation, the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass might be the only mobile force in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui was thinking about it now. He wanted to send Tao Guan’s mental body into a guard of the Seven Satellites and stay here and be used as a contact staff. The other commanders of the Eastern Heavenly Gate did not say anything else. It was obvious that they agreed with this commander.

Special envoys could appoint commanders and great commanders, but they had to have seals and corresponding military armor.

Dongyu Jiajiu, who had been communicating with Xu Tui at the beginning, roughly understood the situation of Xu Tui, the special envoy. He might not have a commander’s seal for the time being, so he was in a difficult position.

Moreover, Xu Tui, the special envoy, was clearly supporting him. Dongyu Jiajiu had to express his gratitude. It could be considered returning the favor.

“Lord Special Envoy, without the seal, we really can’t appoint a commander to take over a commander’s army. However, things are urgent. At the commander’s level, Lord Special Envoy can temporarily appoint a deputy commander. He only has command. He should be able to temporarily command a commander’s army.

“It would be fine as long as the special envoy gave him the commander’s seal and officially took over as the commander later on. This way, it will be more convenient for this commander to cooperate with us in battle,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“That works too.”

Xu Tui did not insist. The reason why the Heavenly Court’s defense army could still exist for so long after the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court was that the perfect military rule system was the first factor. It was not something that Xu Tui, a so-called special envoy, could easily change.

It was very likely that even the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole would not be able to casually change the military rules of the Heavenly Court.

Then, Xu Tui released Tao Guan from the quantum dimensional chain.

Tao Guan’s current body, which was the body of the Heavenly Court’s guard, was the body of a Seven Satellites general. He had no choice. The bodies of the commanders of the Eight Satellites were too little. Even Little Six was currently possessing the body of the Seven Satellites.

Fortunately, he was only given the status of a deputy commander. With the nine commanders and Dongyu Jiajiu stepping forward at the same time, he could barely be considered to have taken over a commander force.

“Learn their energy matrix as soon as possible and carry out energy focus attacks. Observation and learning are your main missions during this period of time..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1