Chapter 1822: A Peach Leading Three Soldiers (3)

Chapter 1822: A Peach Leading Three Soldiers (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This energy defense screen could isolate mental perception to a certain extent. At the same time, the city pass could naturally block their vision.

Under such circumstances, they did not notice the changes behind the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

At some point, more and more Heavenly Court guards were gathered at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City.

There were a total of seven commanders. They led more than 70,000 elites and gathered under the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. The energy array had already formed. The seven commanders, led by Dongyu Jiajiu, stood at the center of their respective energy arrays. As long as the time was right, they could immediately activate their firepower. They were quietly waiting for Xu Tui’s plan to continue.

Under the Eastern Heavenly Gate, Tu Chengshan, Feng Qianliu, and Xu Yilong had cold gazes. There was rarely any communication, but they were all planning emergency plans. It was already the time to reveal his true intentions. It was useless to talk nonsense. It would depend on how he did it.

“Sir, I’m afraid it’ll be more difficult to capture Bing Zhen alive. I think that the probability of success is higher if we kill him and capture his mental body,” Tu Qianshan said.

Tu Chengshan nodded slightly, agreeing to this battle plan. He also began to look for an opportunity to attack.

“Sir, there’s no time to activate the power of the Heavenly Dao and swear. Let’s attack directly. ”

“It’s difficult. It’s too difficult to take a living person away under the gazes of so many people.”

“Sir, your speed is unparalleled. Just take Bing Zhen’s head away! When the time comes, find him a new body. Moreover, when the time comes, he will fall into our hands and be at our mercy. What can he do?” Feng Guoyue said. Feng Qianliu nodded gently. This was a more feasible plan. “I can leave, but what about you?”

“Sir, as long as you leave with Bing Zhen’s head, we will be safe! No matter what, it is impossible for Tu Chengshan and Xu Yilong to kill us to vent their anger,” Feng Guoyue said.

Feng Qianliu pondered and nodded slightly. At the same time, she began to contact Xu Tui. “I’m going to start taking action. I need your cooperation! As for the Heavenly Dao Oath, I’ll swear it after I save you. Otherwise, I don’t have time now.” After saying that, Feng Qianliu suddenly asked, “By the way, why didn’t the Heavenly Gate guards attack you when you arrived at the entrance of the Eastern Heavenly Gate? Is there a secret technique or something else?”

“I have a treasure.”

“What treasure?”

“Previously, Yanzi obtained a seal in the solar system. With this seal from the Heavenly Court, the guards of the Heavenly Court will not attack me, ” Xu Tui said.

As Xu Tui activated his mind power, the seal of Star Lord Jingmu that he had not completely refined appeared behind his head. He had completely gained Feng Qianliu’s trust.

“Alright, in that case, cooperate with me.”

Feng Qianliu thought about it and told Xu Tui the course of action. It was very simple to require Xu Tui’s cooperation. Even if she told Xu Tui not to resist, she would use her speed and activate one of her powerful divine demon abnormalities to bring Bing Zhen away from here in an extremely short period of time.

However, the premise was that Xu Tui could not resist.

Of course, Feng Qianliu did not tell Xu Tui the real plan. She did have a powerful wind-type divine demon abnormality, but its power would be greatly reduced if she brought a living person along.

However, it was different with a head. If she wanted to cut off Bing Zhen’s head in an extremely short period of time, she had to leave Bing Zhen defenseless.

Xu Tui agreed to Feng Qianliu’s request. However, he immediately informed Dongyu Jiu above the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

“Ready!”

Almost at the same time that they received Xu Tui’s notice, the seven energy arrays of the Heavenly Gate guards at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Gate began to gather their strength. However, the powerful energy fluctuations became very small under the deliberate suppression of the commanders and the isolation of the array formation of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

Xu Yilong also received Xu Tui’s notice.

“Feng Qianliu is about to move. She said that she wants to use her divine demon abnormalitv to bring me awav. She told me not to resist,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, Xu Yilong became anxious. He knew about Feng Qianliu’s divine demon abnormality. It was different from Lord

Feng Ye’s Wind Shadow. Feng Qianliu’s divine demon abnormality was called Wind Leaf Flash.

If she set it up in advance, she would be able to instantly achieve a jump-like transfer where she set up the energy wind leaves. It was extremely powerful.

In other words, if Feng Qianliu had made arrangements in advance, she would have been able to reach the place where she had appeared in an extremely short period of time.

Xu Yilong immediately ordered the five Planetary realm teams to guard the back. At the same time, he ordered his elite troops to press forward.

The 3,000 Planetary realm experts quickly advanced to a distance of 15 kilometers. Xu Yilong’s plan was to bring 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and quickly advance to a distance of seven to eight kilometers before fetching Xu Tui over.

With Xu Yilong’s actions, both Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu became anxious.

With Feng Qianliu’s order, the elites under her charged forward to protect her. At the same time, Feng Qianliu turned into a green light and quickly floated toward Xu Tui, who was below the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

Although she would be attacked if she pounced into that position,

Feng Qianliu was confident. With her speed and reaction speed, she could bring Bing Zhen’s head away in an extremely short period of time. Even if the guards of the Heavenly Court focused their fire on her when she pounced over, she would have already fled by the time the concentrated fire landed.

As Feng Qianliu pounced towards Bing Zhen, Tu Chengshan also became anxious. Both Xu Yilong and Feng Qianliu had begun to take action. If he did not take action, he would have no chance of obtaining Bing Zhen.

Tu Chengshan had a very dangerous premonition, but he had no choice but to take action. That was the general trend. Almost instantly, Tu Chengshan led a group of elites and quickly pounced forward. At the same time, mountain shadows rose.

In terms of speed, they could not compare to Feng Qianliu, but they could seal off this void in advance.

Speaking of which, this time was actually extremely short. The elites of all three sides were taking action.

In an extremely short moment, the green light that Feng Qianliu had transformed into pounced in front of Xu Tui. The Wind Shadow elites under Feng Qianliu also pounced four kilometers away from the eastern city pass. The green light on their bodies had already erupted and blasted toward the shadow of the mountain that was sealing the void in the sky.

They wanted to pave the way for Feng Qianliu.

Tu Chengshan and the elites under him had already quickly pounced six kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

The elites of Xu Yilong’s army quickly approached seven kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate. Furthermore, they were still approaching at high speed. They wanted to receive Xu Tui.

Everyone’s attention was focused on the green light that Feng Qianliu had transformed into. Next, it would depend on where Feng Qianliu flew to. However, at the same time, a powerful aura rose from Xu Tui’s body.

Eleven Ice Array Swords instantly blasted out. This attack was aimed at Feng

Qianliu, who was flying over. Feng Qianliu did not expect Xu Tui to attack her. This was like a sneak attack, and Feng Qianliu was caught off guard. She had come straight for him.

Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword was aimed at her. This way, it was as if two high-speed trains had collided head-on. There was no possibility of dodging.

Feng Qianliu was surrounded by the cold light that erupted from Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword. Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword was extremely impressive. Previously, it could directly freeze the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

However, Feng Qianliu was not an ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

The moment the change occurred, the green light around her body instantly erupted. It was as if countless green leaves were shooting in all directions. There was an endless sound.

The ice mountain sealed by Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword was shattered by Feng Qianliu’s anxious counterattack. It did not trap Feng Qianliu. However, it made Feng Qianliu’s body freeze. Her plan was in chaos.

At the same time, seven majestic and terrifying energy pillars suddenly erupted above the Eastern Heavenly Gate. One of the energy pillars with a radius of ten meters above the city pass and shot towards Feng Qianliu at lightning speed.

The Heavenly Court’s garrison moved!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1