Chapter 1823: Severely Injured And Who Are You? (1)

Chapter 1823: Severely Injured and Who Are You? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Above the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass, it was only 200 meters away from where Feng Qianliu was temporarily restricted by Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword. The moment the circular energy pillar with a radius of ten meters blasted down, it was as if the sky had fallen on the body of Feng Qianliu.

Feng Qianliu’s expression had already twisted into fear at this moment. This circular energy pillar with a radius of ten meters was too terrifying. The moment it touched Feng Qianliu, the defense on her body and the various life-saving treasures that she instantly activated, including Feng Qianliu’s body, began to melt like snow.

It could not stop it at all. Even the two life-saving jade talismans that Feng Qianliu had instantly crushed did not buy her any time. It had to be known that this energy pillar with a radius of ten meters had been blasted out by the commander of the Heavenly Court’s garrison, Dongyu Jiajiu, and the 9,000-odd troops under him.

Among the 9,000-odd troops, there were at least 1,800 Planetary realm experts. The rest were all quasi-planetary experts. With such a lineup, even ten Feng Qianliu would not be able to stop them, let alone one.

This was also the reason why Xu Zhijia, the commander-in-chief, had to advance step by step and slowly advance.

The volley of the Heavenly Court’s defense army was too terrifying!

Almost instantly, Feng Qianliu’s body was completely melted. Under normal circumstances, ordinary supernatural beings’ energy fluctuations would not be able to hurt their mental bodies. But it could happen when it’s ten against one.

When the energy fluctuations reached a certain level, it could also injure and severely injure a mental body. Feng Qianliu’s soul would definitely dissipate under such a terrifying pillar of energy.

When they saw this scene happen, not only Feng Qianliu’s subordinates, Feng Guoyue, and the others, but even Tu Chengshan and Xu Yilong were shocked.

She was the confidentiality chief. If a confidentiality chief died in battle, this would probably be the highest-level political position that the Spiritual Race had lost in battle at the frontline in the past few years.

Xu Tui was also looking forward to the scene of Feng Qianliu’s soul being scattered. But he suddenly frowned. In the energy pillar, a strange energy fluctuation suddenly flashed like a shooting star in the night sky.

The divine demon abnormality—Wind Leaf Flash!

This was Feng Qianliu’s life-saving move. Originally, she had used it to deal with Xu Tui. At this moment, it had become her last life-saving method.

However, it would take some time to activate the Wind Leaf Flash. Under such a level of surprise attack, all of Feng Qianliu’s life-saving methods and the melting of her body finally bought her that moment.

She activated the Wind Leaf Flash.

The moment her physical body disappeared, Feng Qianliu’s mental body disappeared.

Xu Tui had already sensed the abnormality. He had wanted to extend his mind power’s main planet force field and leave Feng Qianliu’s mental body behind. He wanted to completely destroy it.

However, Dongyu Jiajiu led his subordinates and unleashed the energy at the same time. The energy spread out, and the surrounding power fluctuations were extremely chaotic. Xu Tui’s mind power force field could not spread over at all. Even if it did, it was instantly shattered by the powerful and chaotic energy fluctuations.

It could only allow Feng Qianliu’s mental body to escape.

“Ah!” In the distance, Feng Qianliu, who had escaped, let out an extremely resentful roar in fear.

To a woman, losing her original physical body had a completely different meaning. To Feng Qianliu, who had yet to break through to the Nebula Realm, losing her physical body also meant that she had lost the chance to break through in the future.

“Bing Zhen, I must shatter your corpse into pieces!” At the same time that Feng Qianliu’s resentful scream rang out, the screams of the other troops of the Spiritual Race took turns to ring out.

Dongyu Jiajiu had invited a total of six colleagues, which was a total of seven Heavenly Court commanders and their subordinates, to launch this pounce.

Dongyu Jiu attacked Feng Qianliu. The six commanders of the Heavenly Court guards. Their targets were different.

The target of the second commander of the Heavenly Court was the Mountain Barracks formed by Tu Chengshan and his subordinates. The target of the third commander of the Heavenly Court was the Wind Shadow Barracks led by Feng Guoyue. The target of the fourth commander of the Heavenly Court was Xu Yilong and the 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realms gathered around him.

The target of the concentrated fire of the fifth and sixth commanders of the Heavenly Court was the 3,000 Planetary realm Spiritual Race members who had already gathered under the command of Xu Yilong and were nine kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

Of course, the attacks had their own focus. The 3,000 Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race occupied a wide area. If they attacked all of them, there would be no effect in the end.

They focused their fire on the two wings of the 3,000 Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race. It was very difficult for the others to support the two wings immediately. The range of their firepower was about 200 Planetary realm experts.

Xu Tui had carefully discussed these targets with the other commanders. They were also acting with the goal of killing the elites of the Spiritual Race on the largest scale to reduce the pressure in the future.

Otherwise, Xu Tui only needed three of the commanders to focus their fire on Xu Yilong or Tu Chengshan. He would definitely be able to kill Tu Chengshan and Xu Yilong.

However, the Spiritual Race was filled with talents. Killing a chief of staff or the confidentiality chief at the frontline was more psychologically or in the sense of war, but the actual strategic significance was very small..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1