Chapter 1827: I Still Have One Sword (1)

Chapter 1827: I Still Have One Sword (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, the commander of the Blue Star Humans’ Worldly Demon Slayers?” Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu looked at each other and shook their heads at the same time. This was the first time they had heard this name.

Actually, the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force had reported relevant information about Xu Tui. However, no one in the Spiritual Race cared about a new politician from the Blue Star.

That’s right. The Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary regarded Xu Tui as a politician.

In comparison, Feng Qianliu had dug up more relevant information because of

Feng Ye’s orders. She suddenly asked, “You were with Yanzi previously, and Yanzi said that she escaped from the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. What’s your relationship with the commander of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force?” He had failed to posture and sing his title, but Feng Qianliu had hit the nail on the head. However, why did he have to give such important information to the enemy?

“I don’t know him!”

Xu Tui’s words made Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu so depressed that they wanted to vomit blood. It could be seen that Xu Tui was lying. But they could not do anything to Xu Tui.

The chief of staff of the Central Star Field, Xu Yilong, had already commanded his elite army to press forward in the shortest time possible. He wanted to take the opportunity to attack and see if there was any possibility of breaking through the Eastern Heavenly Gate Pass.

The losses just now were too great. Not only would it be embarrassing if word got out, but he would also not be able to answer to the commander-in-chief. Moreover, opportunities disappeared in a flash.

Xu Yilong was commanding the remaining 40-odd Nine Satellites, 2,700 Planetary realms, and 30,000 quasi-planetary experts to form a formation and quickly advance. The vanguard had already begun to attack.

“Explode them!”

In the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass, Xu Tui looked at the seven commanders who had surrounded him. He immediately took out the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

“Greetings, Lord Special Envoy.” The seven commanders immediately knelt on one knee with stern expressions. Seeing the Six Imperial Seal, it was as if the Six Imperial Rulers had personally arrived. This was the thing that represented the identity of the six rulers the most other than the six rulers themselves.

“Defend the city first. Then, inform the other commanders of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass to come and see me,” Xu Tui ordered.

In the next moment, another energy pillar shot out from the Eastern Heavenly

Gate City Gate, suppressing the Spiritual Race army that was slowly advancing.

Above the Eastern Heavenly Gate fortress, between the Spiritual Race and the Eastern Heavenly Gate garrison, light covered the sky and earth. It was as dazzling and beautiful as a shooting star.

However, it only looked shocking.

This was because the Spiritual Race army was slowly advancing. They were still ten kilometers away. The attack of the Heavenly Court’s defense army had become very weak after ten kilometers of spacetime consumption.

As for the high-intensity concentrated fire of the energy array like before, it would take at least five minutes to accumulate energy.

As a result, the battle formation in front of them only looked shocking. It did not cause much of a result. It lasted for a few minutes. There were only a few dozen people on the Spiritual Race’s side, and most of them were only injured.

Only two unlucky people had died in battle.

The chief of staff, Xu Yilong, who was commanding the attack, was not completely feinting. Instead, he brought a dozen combat staff and quickly studied and recorded various data. This was first-hand data related to the strength, frequency, and intensity of the attacks of the Heavenly Gate guards in the east. It was crucial to their future siege.

Xu Yilong was not doing something useless. However, on the other side of the camp in the wilderness of the Eastern Heavenly Gate, the deputy commander-in-chief, Xu Zhijia, who was hiding here, was slightly stunned when he saw the vast light and shadow in the direction of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

“What is Yilong doing? Why did he launch such a large-scale attack? Let’s go.

Follow me to take a look.” Immediately, the deputy commander-in-chief, Xu Zhijia, led a group of Nine Satellites personal guards and quickly flew towards the Eastern Heavenly Gate city pass.

Dongyu Jiajiu also gathered the other 26 commanders of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass for Xu Tui in the name of the special envoy of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

There were a total of 36 commanders in the Eastern Heavenly Gate City. However, three of them had died in battle previously and had not been replenished. They were in a state of absence.

“Thirty-three commanders? Let me ask you. If the Eastern Heavenly Gate is attacked by the enemy on a large scale, who will command it?” Xu Tui asked.

The commanders and Dongyu Jiu looked at the battlefield that was still fighting at this moment, then looked at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. “There’s no unified command. It’s just according to the previous military system. We’ll fight for ourselves and defend our own defense areas to the death. At the same time, we’ll change our defenses according to the rules.” “Fight for your own?” Xu Tui sneered.

Dongyu Jiajiu and the others looked at each other and nodded again. “That’s the military system. Only a great commander or a Marshal or a Heavenly King can command us. We can’t command each other.”

“Then how about I promote you, Dongyu Jiu, to be the great commander and temporarily lead the defense of the Entire eastern Heavenly Gate?” Xu Tui said.

“Thank you for your trust, Sir,” Dongyu Jiajiu agreed happily. Just as Xu Tui thought that he could easily resolve this matter, Dongyu Jiajiu said, “Sir, please bestow the seal and flag armor and let me officially become the great commander. Without the appearance of any other great commanders, I can temporarily command the defense of the entire Eastern Heavenly Gate Pass.”

The other 32 commanders also looked at Xu Tui with anticipation. After so many years, if someone could promote them to a military position, that would be their hope.

There were a few people who had accumulated merits and were about to be promoted to a great commander or exchanged for other rewards, but they were not rewarded. It had been so many years, but they had not been promoted. Everyone was a little in despair..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1