Chapter 1820: A Peach Leading Three Soldiers (1)

Chapter 1820: A Peach Leading Three Soldiers (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, under the Eastern Heavenly Gate City.

“Chief Feng, if you can guarantee my safety and fulfill your promise, I can follow you and give you what you want.” Xu Tui negotiated with Feng Qianliu openly.

Feng Qianliu was shocked and depressed by Bing Zhen’s actions. In her imagination, Bing Zhen should have secretly negotiated with her and then she’ll launch a pounce to save Bing Zhen.

However, with this conversation, Tu Chengshan and the others would definitely keep a close eye on her. It would be much more difficult for her to escape with Bing Zhen. She might have to pay a considerable price.

At the side, Tu Chengshan was shocked and furious.

They had paid a huge price and sacrificed themselves to bring the matter to this point. Now, Bing Zhen was their only hope of creating a quantum teleportation array. If they allowed Feng Qianliu to take Bing Zhen away, their huge sacrifice would be over.

At that time, he would really vomit blood. Furthermore, he would not be able to answer to the Second Master.

Almost instantly, Tu Chengshan waved his hand and quickly approached the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass with the elites under his command. Previously, it was a safe distance of 20 kilometers. Now, Tu Chengshan quickly brought his subordinates to a distance of 10 kilometers.

Although it was more dangerous to be 10 kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City, the danger was relatively manageable.

This was especially so for the Mountain Barracks of the earth -element lineage. They were extremely good at defense. At this distance, even if the garrison at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass attacked at the same time, they would be able to quickly retreat and hold on.

Seeing this, Feng Qianliu naturally could not continue. No matter how fast they were, they still needed time to cover ten kilometers.

Feng Qianliu brought her subordinates from another direction and approached the nine-kilometer distance of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City.

The wind-element was known for its speed. At this distance, even if the defenders of the Eastern Heavenly Gate attacked at the same time, they could quickly retreat to a safe distance.

Feng Qianliu began to communicate with Xu Tui’s consciousness and discuss a plan to protect him from leaving. However, Xu Tui replied to her.

“Chief Feng, I can’t negotiate a cooperation with you before you swear on the power of the Heavenly Dao,” Xu Tui said directly.

“Don’t worry, I will.” Feng Qianliu did not immediately use the power of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm to activate the power of the Heavenly Dao to swear. Feng Qianliu knew very well that Tu Chengshan was eyeing her from the side. If she swore, Tu Chengshan would probably launch a pounce while she was swearing.

“Chief Qianliu, actually, there’s no need for you to get involved in this mess.

Bing Zhen and Yan Wuyu worked together to kill the five of our Nine Satellites. We will definitely capture and torture them to death.” Tu Chengshan communicated with Feng Qianliu’s consciousness.

“We’re good at torturing and killing. Chief Tu, hand this Bing Zhen over to us. We’ll live stream the torturing and killing,” Feng Qianliu said with a smile. Tu Chengshan, on the other hand, was rather depressed.

Just as Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu began to negotiate in secret, Xu Tui used his consciousness to communicate with Xu Yilong.

Xu Yilong led the elite army of the Spiritual Race and hid 30 kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate. He was very surprised to suddenly hear Xu Tui’s cold voice transmission.

Thirty kilometers.

At this distance of mental perception, not to mention him, not to mention the commander-in-chief, even Xu Yi could not send a mental voice transmission at this distance. He was shocked.

The Bing Zhen in front of him was really extraordinary.

Xu Tui had used the enhancement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to communicate with Xu Yilong’s consciousness. Unfortunately, the powerful enhancement that the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had given Xu Tui could only be seen in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“How did you do such a long-range mental transmission?” Xu Yilong asked.

This was because only Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission could reach him. Xu Yilong’s mental voice transmission could not reach Xu Tui’s location. Under such a one-way voice transmission, there was only one way for the two sides to communicate normally.

The fact that Xu Tui could send a mental message meant that his mental perception could cover this area. As long as Xu Yilong spoke to himself, he would be able to communicate with Xu Tui.

Of course, because Xu Yilong was speaking in a low voice 20 kilometers away, the distant Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu could not hear him. “I have a treasure that is rather magical.”

“Oh, that’s why Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu chased after you?”

“Oh?” Xu Yilong revealed a suspicious expression. In Xu Yilong’s opinion, a treasure that could increase the mental perception of Bing Zhen to 30 kilometers already had immense tactical and strategic value. It was worth it for Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu to do this.

From the looks of it, what made Feng Qianliu and Tu Chengshan do this was not this treasure, but something else. However, Xu Yilong did not ask immediately. As a chief of staff who was good at strategy, he could vaguely smell a conspiracy. He felt that Bing Zhen might be instigating internal strife between the three of them and wanted to reap the benefits.

Xu Yilong resisted it in the end. He felt that he could withstand any temptation. However, Xu Yilong did not expect that his question would completely open Pandora’s Box.

“I’m very curious. Why did Feng Qianliu and Tu Chengshan bring so many experts to pursue you? You probably wouldn’t receive such treatment even if

you killed their biological father, right?” Xu Yilong asked..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1