Chapter 1825: Severely Injured And Who Are You (3)

Chapter 1825: Severely Injured and Who Are You (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

They only managed to kill three Nine Satellites. However, they also injured nearly 30 Nine Satellites. More than 10 of them were seriously injured on the spot. In terms of results, they had to focus fire on the two waves of energy on the two wings of the 3,000 Planetary realm.

The Planetary realms within the range of the concentrated fire were all in the form of teams. The key was that they had different affiliations. They came from different planets in the various Star Fields and had different combat attainments. The moment they were attacked, it became extremely chaotic.

There were more than 130 people on the left flank who vaporized on the spot. Their combat strength ranged from the Two Satellites Planetary realm to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

There were also more than 30 people that were left with their mental bodies. Some of the Two and Three Satellites were also rapidly dissipating because they had lost their bodies. They were also completely crippled.

Other than that, only a dozen of the other 40-odd people in the range of the concentrated fire were slightly injured. The rest of them were seriously injured and had lost their combat strength.

The situation on the right wing was only slightly better than that on the left. There were 120 people whose souls had dissipated on the spot. In the end, there were nearly 20 people who could still fight with ordinary or light injuries. The others were either dead or had all lost their combat strength.

All of this happened too quickly. The actual commander of this battlefield, Xu Yilong, was also dumbfounded. In just a second, the elite combat strength under his command had been completely reduced by 15%.

They had lost 15% of their members! The battle had not officially started yet. He just wanted to pick up some benefits. He did not expect to lose 15% of his people. What was worse was that these two waves of attacks caused a huge psychological panic to the ordinary Planetary realm survivors.

At this moment, they all fled backward.

On this battlefield where military orders could only be shouted at, the scene instantly became a little out of control and chaotic.

A huge door suddenly opened on the energy screen of the guarding array at the Eastern Heavenly Gate Pass. The three armies of the Heavenly Court turned into nearly 30,000 streams of light and pounced out of the Eastern Heavenly Gate Pass.

The first to bear the brunt was Tu Chengshan, who was rapidly retreating.

Seeing this, Tu Chengshan became anxious. If they were surrounded by 30,000 people, who knew how many of them would be able to escape in their injured state?

Fortunately, since the Heavenly Court’s defense army had left the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass to attack, it meant that their most terrifying energy concentration would not be there for the time being.

In other words, there was no need for them to maintain the Mountain Barracks like a turtle shell.

“Split up and retreat!” Tu Chengshan roared. The remaining 13 powerful Planetary realm experts under him instantly dispersed the Mountain Barracks and retreated.

A cold smile suddenly appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he saw this scene. Killing intent appeared. The time he was waiting for had arrived!

Tu Ning, who was fleeing backward, suddenly felt a chill. The moment he turned around, he saw Bing Zhen’s Ice Array Sword blasting over. “Chief, save…” Before the roar could end, Tu Ning turned into an ice sculpture.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt that he had used a sledgehammer to kill a chicken. Tu Ning was seriously injured at this moment. He did not need the Ice Array Sword at all. An ice seal could keep Tu Ning here.

“Bing Zhen, how dare you!” Tu Chengshan, the fastest to retreat, roared angrily. However, just as he was roaring angrily, Xu Tui, who was five kilometers away, continuously blasted out ice seals.

The energy aura on the battlefield was extremely chaotic. Most people’s mental perception had become useless. However, Xu Tui’s mental perception had become extremely powerful with the enhancement of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal. He could clearly sense the strength of the auras of the remaining 13 Planetary realm powerhouses under Tu Chengshan.

From afar, Xu Tui’s ice seal was accurate. Two seconds later, six of the remaining Planetary realm experts had been frozen into ice sculptures by Xu Tui. Four of them were Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

In the next moment, his ice seal landed on Tu Rusong’s body. However, it was broken by Tu Rusong. Xu Tui augmented the ice seal three times before he managed to freeze Tu Rusong.

The Ice Array Sword attacked again. This time, its target was the severely injured Tu Qianshan. Tu Qianshan’s aura was much stronger than that of Tu

Ning, Tu Rusong, and the others. Therefore, Xu Tui directly used the Ice Array Sword.

“Chief, save me!” Tu Qianshan neighed in fear.

Tu Chengshan, who had retreated the fastest, finally had a chance to attack at this moment. He stomped his foot, and a mountain appeared in front of Tu Qianshan. He and Tu Qianshan were clan brothers, and now, they were as close as brothers. He had to be saved.

With the help of Tu Chengshan, Tu Qianshan was lucky enough to escape. He glanced at Xu Tui with cold sweat all over his body and quickly hid behind Tu Chengshan.

This was because they were the Nine Satellites. They were extremely fast. At this moment, they had already retreated behind Xu Yilong’s chaotic 3,000 Planetary realm experts. However, they had something to rely on. With Tu Chengshan as the center, they formed a new formation.

However, the losses were also extremely heavy.

After the concentrated fire of energy, a total of 14 people survived, including Tu Chengshan. However, after Xu Tui chased after them, seven of them were frozen into ice sculptures. Only seven of them survived.

Among them, only five people of Nine Satellites survived. Tu Chengshan’s heart was bleeding. At this moment, Tu Chengshan felt extremely regretful..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1