Chapter 1821: A Peach Leading Three Soldiers (2)

Chapter 1821: A Peach Leading Three Soldiers (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I didn’t kill their biological father, but I have the multi-person teleportation quantum array core that they want.” Xu Tui’s words were shocking.

Xu Yilong was instantly stunned. He stood rooted to the ground as if he had been struck by lightning. How could he not know about the multi-person teleportation quantum array core?

The military was too clear about the strategic value of this tactic. Or rather, Great Elder Xu Yi was extremely clear.

The military had actually been secretly establishing this technology for many years. They had also conducted many secret experiments on the absolutely reliable core refiners, but they had all failed.

When Xu Yilong heard that, he instinctively did not believe him. However, he could not help but be curious.

“That’s impossible. You’re an ice-element supernatural being. Even if you were given 10 Great Nourishment Pills, you wouldn’t be able to get a multi-person Teleportation Quantum Array Core,” Xu Yilong said suspiciously.

“I have a fiancee called Yanzi. My fiancee, Yanzi, has a grandfather called Yan

Wuyu. He was once the most powerful Core Refinement Master in the Sanctuary and was the second elder of the Inner Hall Sanctuary. However, he was disheartened by the death of his son and daughter-in-law. Do I still need to introduce him to you?” Xu Tui sneered.

Xu Yilong was shocked. As a trusted aide, Xu Yilong had participated in the multi-person Teleportation Quantum Array Core project secretly carried out by Great Elder Xu Yi and the military.

Back then, Yan Wuyu was indeed their number one candidate. They had sent people to come into contact with him many times. Unfortunately, Yan Wuyu was extremely dispirited. He was not interested in their so-called reward at all. Moreover, it looked like he no longer had the desire to study it. If not for his granddaughter, Yanzi, he would have lost the motivation to live. Therefore, they did not look for Yan Wuyu again after he rejected them.

A Core Refinement Master who had no motivation or desire to research was not their goal.

However, from the looks of it, it was their huge mistake back then. Yan Wuyu was an important designer and tester of the Spiritual Race’s intergalactic quantum array core. It was said that Yan Wuyu’s role was very important in the design team back then.

From this point of view, it was possible for Yan Wuyu to design a multi-person Teleportation quantum array core.

Actually, when Bing Zhen said this, Xu Yilong already believed it. It was better to believe in such things than not. Moreover, this was the only possibility that could explain why Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu had chased them here at all costs.

Xu Yilong immediately reported this information to the commander-in-chief, Xu Zhijia. After hearing Xu Yilong’s report, Xu Zhijia was stunned for three seconds. Then, he calmly gave the order. ‘We would rather kill the wrong person than let go of such a thing. Choose an opportunity to press forward and fight for this Bing Zhen. If Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu dare to attack you, kill them without mercy,” Xu Zhijia ordered.

“Understood!” After making the order clear, Xu Yilong asked worriedly, “Commander-in-chief, are we really going to kill Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu?”

Although Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu were strong, Xu Yilong was commanding thousands of Planetary realm experts. It would be easy to kill them.

“This is a battlefield. It’s our territory. If they dare to attack, we’ll kill them!” Xu Zhijia sneered.

“Understood.”

“If, and I’m saying that if we can’t capture this Bing Zhen alive, then kill him and make his soul dissipate. We must not let Feng Qianliu or Tu Chengshan obtain him. Not even his mental body,” Xu Zhijia ordered.

“Don’t worry, Commander-in-chief. I’ll definitely complete the mission.”

After asking the commander-in-chief, Xu Zhijia, for instructions, Xu Yilong began to think about this matter. However, as the chief of staff of the Eastern Star Field Military District, his thoughts were extremely sharp.

“Bing Zhen, weren’t you talking to Feng Qianliu? Why are you talking to me about this secretly? What exactly do you want to do?” Xu Yilong asked.

“Chief of Staff Yilong, there’s no need to say who is the strongest in this place in front of me and who can guarantee my safety, right? Moreover, I did not trust Tu Chengshan or Feng Qianliu. I was afraid that they would kill me to silence me after they obtained the technology. After all, the current head of the Spiritual Race is the Great Elder,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui’s explanation successfully moved Xu Yilong.

Soon, Xu Yilong and Xu Tui came to an agreement.

Xu Yilong led his elites and pressed forward. Then, Bing Zhen will choose an opportunity to escape. As long as he escaped into the array of Planetary realm experts led by Xu Yilong, he would be safe.

At the same time, Xu Yilong would also cooperate with Xu Tui.

Immediately, Xu Yilong waved his hand. The 3,000 Planetary realm and 50 Nine Satellites formed a formation and approached the Eastern Heavenly Gate fortress. They formed a small-scale battle formation. Within the Spiritual Race, unless it was a relatively pure member like earth-element and wind-element, there was no large-scale battle formation.

They were basically all small battle formations of about five to ten people. Of course, the Earth-element Mountain Battle Formation, which mainly focused on defense, was naturally at the front.

Not long after, they quickly approached the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass for 20 kilometers and 15 kilometers. This scene made Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu nervous.

If Xu Yilong participated again, this matter would be more complicated. Furthermore, it would be even more difficult.

For a moment, Tu Chengshan and Feng Qianliu’s attention were all focused at the back. Their attention on the Eastern Heavenly Gate fortress decreased greatly. Moreover, the energy defense screen of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City

Gate had long been activated..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1