Chapter 1837: Chi Jing’S Choice (3)

Chapter 1837: Chi Jing’s Choice (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Chi Jing was still very confident. However, Chi Jing’s heart trembled when the Ice Array Sword Domain blasted toward him. The Xu Tui in front of him was strong. He was extremely strong!

It was even stronger than the average Nine Satellites. He wanted to remind Shui Zhi that he had been frozen by Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword at the same time, even if the flames around his body stopped freezing him into an ice sculpture.

Unlike the Nine Satellites Planetary realms that Xu Tui had frozen with his Ice

Array Sword previously, Chi Jing had a fire-type spiritual treasure, the Flame Mirror, that the Holy Ancestor had given him. Although he was frozen, he still emitted a powerful fire-type power and melted the ice sculpture from the inside.

Xu Tui blocked Shui Zhi’s full-powered attack with the eight layers of Vajra Barrier. The layers of Vajra Barriers continued to shatter, buying Xu Tui some time to react. This time, he did not even use the killing move of the Time Deceleration Force Field.

The moment the seventh Vajra Barrier shattered, Xu Tui stopped in his tracks. First, three spots of earthen yellow light rose from his side. Then, they instantly formed a line, then the surface.

Earth Array Defense.

There were a total of two forms of the Earth Array that he had learned from Yan Wuyu. It was an attack and a defense.

Xu Tui had perfected his techniques. The earth array instantly formed an earth-element energy barrier that protected Xu Tui. Shui Zhi’s attacks continued to land on the earth array.

After all, it was the full-powered attack of a peak-level Nine Satellites Planetary realm. It was a little strenuous for Xu Tui to withstand it head-on. He had to constantly activate it with all his might.

He could spend money if it was too strenuous, though.

The 2,000 grams of Origin Crystal suddenly fell out of his quantum dimensional chain. The moment it fell out, it was drawn into extremely pure

Origin Energy and replenished in Xu Tui’s Earth Array Defense.

Xu Tui, who had been attacked by Shui Zhi with all his might, freed his hand. The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal flew out and appeared above his head. In an instant, seven mountain-shaped shadows appeared above Xu Tui’s head.

The moment it materialized, the shadows of the seven mountains headed towards Shui Zhi.

Earth Array, Mountain Town.

The aura of the Mountain Town made Shui Zhi, who had been through hundreds of battles, hurriedly retreat. However, the range of the Mountain Town was rather wide. It instantly expanded to a radius of a thousand meters and blasted towards Shui Zhi.

Shui Zhi could only take it head-on. He formed the Lotus Flower Ice Shield again and activated his defense with all his might.

Boom!

A deafening explosion sounded. The lotus flowers and ice shields around Shui Zhi shattered. Shui Zhi’s chest caved in and he vomited blood on the spot.

Xu Tui was also shocked. Shui Zhi was really strong. His earth array, Mountain Town, had even used the two divine seals of Huashan and Hengshan, yet Shui Zhi was only injured and vomited blood, but his body was intact.

As expected of the former 15th main elder of the Spiritual Race. This scene not only stunned Chi Jing, but it also frightened him. When did Xu Tui become so powerful? Even Shui Zhi could be severely injured in one move?

That was simply too much.

This time, Chi Jing was worried about his safety.

“Elder Shui Zhi, save me quickly.” Chi Jing called for help.

Although the external injuries on Shui Zhi’s shattered sternum did not affect his strength much, it was still very painful. However, what was even more terrifying was the strength Xu Tui had displayed.

Shui Zhi looked in the direction of the frozen Chi Jing with difficulty. He knew very well that it would naturally be much easier for him to save Chi Jing and work with him to deal with Xu Tui.

However, the problem was that Xu Tui did not give him a chance. The shadows of the seven mountains had already condensed above Shui Zhi’s head again. Xu Tui did not give Shui Zhi any time to save him.

Shui Zhi instantly turned into a blue light and rushed out. A water dragon roared and charged toward the seven mountains that Xu Tui had just condensed.

Shui Zhi could already tell that Xu Tui’s attack was not that strong. However, it would undergo a metamorphosis the moment the earth array smashed down. In that case, he would be able to break Xu Tui’s killing move by destroying his earth array early.

One of the mountains in Xu Tui’s Earth Array was destroyed by Shui Zhi’s phantom. Mountain Town was broken.

Shui Zhi’s attacks attacked Xu Tui continuously. It had to be said that Shui Zhi, the top 15 elder of the Spiritual Race, was really powerful. He had actually found a way to deal with the situation in such a short period of time despite being at a disadvantage.

Xu Tui had no choice but to teleport and disappear, dodging Shui Zhi’s attack.

Although the earth -element energy defense of the Earth Array could withstand Shui Zhi’s attack, it consumed a lot of Xu Tui’s mind power, especially the Earth Array.

In an instant, Shui Zhi became difficult to deal with.

Shui Zhi stared intently at the void in all directions. As long as the phantom of the mountains materialized, no matter what, he would attack it first. This way, Chi Jing heaved a sigh of relief. He also accelerated the Flame Mirror, wanting to break through the ice from the inside.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. If this continued, when would it end? He had to deal with Shui Zhi as soon as possible. He could not let Chi Jing off either.

However, if he could not deal with Shui Zhi, it would be very easy for Chi Jing to run out. It would be very troublesome for Xu Tui if Chi Jing ran out.

The moment he appeared, Xu Tui waved his hand and released Little Six and Kitawan, the two commanders of the Seven Satellites Heavenly Court. The moment they appeared, Little Six and Kitawan flew in the direction of Chi Jing.

At the same time, Xu Tui activated his mind power. A hole appeared between the brows of the ice sculpture that was frozen..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1