Chapter 1834: Is Shang Long Alive? (3)

Chapter 1834: Is Shang Long Alive? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Moreover, the strength of the mental body would decrease if it was weakened a little. At this moment, he had to take Shang Long’s life while he was down.

Chi Jing had already activated his mind power and his supernatural ability with all his might, preparing to kill Shang Long. But an extremely faint black and white light suddenly flew out of Shang Long’s mental body. With a slight flash, it completely absorbed Shang Long’s mental body. With another flash, it disappeared!

The moment he disappeared, Shang Long only had one thought—what a pity. He had made a loss and was almost able to kill Shui Zhi.

What a pity.

He had disappeared into thin air! No matter how hard Shui Zhi and Chi Jing tried to activate their mind power, they could not track Shang Long’s mental body. They did not even notice how Shang Long disappeared.

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing continued to spread out their mind power. They looked at each other, but they did not gain anything.

Shang Long seemed to have disappeared into thin air. He was completely gone.

“Shang Long… is he dead or alive?” Chi Jing was puzzled.

Shui Zhi, who was seriously injured, shook his head. “He should still be alive.”

“But why did he throw away the commander’s seal that he had painstakingly obtained?” Chi Jing looked at the place where Shang Long had disappeared with a puzzled expression.

Shui Zhi frowned as he treated his injuries. He could not figure it out. What was Shang Long playing at? Could it be that the secret technique he activated was too domineering, and his mental body disintegrated at the last moment?

That was possible.

Otherwise, Shang Long would not have been able to fight the three of them alone. In the end, he killed Gu Ji and severely injured him. If he had slashed at Chi Jing just now, he would definitely have been able to kill him.

That was really possible. At the side, Chi Jing had already taken over the commander’s seal of the Southern Heavenly Gate, which regarded Gu Ji as his life. He began to play with it.

“Elder Shui Zhi, do you know how to use this commander’s seal?” Although Shui Zhi had been demoted, Chi Jing still maintained enough respect for him. The former main elder and the Nine Satellites Planetary realm were enough.

“I’m not sure about that either.”

Before Shui Zhi could finish his sentence, he suddenly looked up in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate Pass. A sword light suddenly rushed out from the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate Pass and quickly rushed towards them.

The sword light was extremely fast. If not for the fact that his aura was clearly different from Shang Long’s, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing would have been shocked. If another Shang Long rushed out, they would be in trouble.

In just three seconds, Shui Zhi saw the person clearly. His expression suddenly became stern. “Xu Tui!”

“Shui Zhi? Chi Jing?” Xu Tui, who had just rushed over from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass, suddenly stopped the sword light under his feet. He looked at Shui Zhi and Xu Tui. “Why are you here?”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui spread out his powerful mental perception and immediately discovered the powerful aura that was still lingering on the battlefield. It was the aura left behind by the battle between three to four Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

But now, only Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were left. Moreover, Xu Tui was very familiar with one of the auras. Although the remaining sword energy was twice as sharp as before, and its aura was extremely berserking, Xu Tui still recognized it.

Shang Long!

Shang Long’s powerful sword energy remained here.

Gu Ji.

Soon, Xu Tui discovered Gu Ji’s corpse. It was a lifeless corpse. He also discovered the remnant sword Qi in Gu Ji’s dead body. It was definitely Mr. Shang’s sword energy.

“Where’s Mr. Shang? Where did Mr. Shang go?” Xu Tui, who had a clear perception, asked Shui Zhi and Chi Jing.

Chi Jing and Shui Zhi naturally would not answer.

It was a Blue Star standard communication device that was still working.

With a wave of his hand, he picked up the communication device from afar. The image left behind by it instantly made Xu Tui’s expression change..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1