Chapter 1832: Is Shang Long Alive? (1)

Chapter 1832: Is Shang Long Alive? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even Gu Ji himself did not expect that he, an executive of the Great Xi Clan and a Nine Satellites executive, would die here. He did not expect Shang Long to use such a method that was close to mutual destruction to kill him.

Before this, Gu Ji felt that no matter what, Shang Long would leave a way out and not die with him. However, it was too late to say anything when his energy core was pierced through by Shang Long.

In fact, even Shui Zhi and Chi Jing did not expect Shang Long to be so decisive.

Although Gu Ji had completely died and Shang Long was not dead, in Shui Zhi and Chi Jing’s opinion, Shang Long was already a dead man.

Shang Long only had his head left. Although there was only a head left, the life force of this head was quickly losing all its life force as it lost the nourishment of its body. In a few minutes, Shang Long’s mental body would jump out of his head.

Of course, the mental body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm could exist for a long time. However, the problem was that Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were at the side. Shang Long, who only had a remnant mental body and had expended a lot of energy just now, would definitely die under their combined attacks. The question was, would Shui Zhi and Chi Jing let Shang Long off?

The answer was—absolutely not!

Moreover, at this moment, there was another most important thing not far from Shang Long’s head.

The seal.

The commander of the Southern Heavenly Gate garrison’s seal that Gu Ji had been holding was floating above Gu Ji’s corpse.

Gu Ji had explained the magical effects of this thing to Shui Zhi and Chi Jing before. Although he did not say everything, the goal of Shui Zhi and Chi Jing was very clear. This was a treasure that could allow Gu Ji to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass. No matter what, he had to get it back first. Shang Long, who only had one head, understood the reason the moment he saw the seal.

Xu Tui had shown him Little Six’s seal. He recognized the seal that had fallen from Gu Ji’s body. He already understood that Gu Ji was so anxious to rush into the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass because of this commander seal.

In comparison, the other items that Gu Ji carried with him, such as some information about the Great Xi Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force and contact items, did not seem to be that important.

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing’s mind power targeted the seal. Of course, their greed was even greater. They wanted to kill Shang Long and take away all of Gu Ji’s belongings.

The Great Xi Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force must have a mature and safe planet as their base to be able to hide in the solar system for so long.

Although they would not be able to snatch the core technology of the Great Xi Clan if they obtained a base planet of the Great Xi Clan, it would be a great contribution.

This great contribution was exceptionally important to the current Chi Jing and Shui Zhi. On the other hand, the value of the base planet was not too important. Therefore, at this moment, the auras on Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were constantly rising.

Just now, the two of them had been holding back. Moreover, Shang Long had not focused on taking care of them. It was only at this moment that they erupted.

They were both sly old foxes!

“Shang Long, if I were you, I would quickly escape. Before your mental body is greatly obliterated and dispersed, I would find a suitable body to possess. I would be able to preserve my life and a portion of my strength.” An ice-blue round shield appeared in Shui Zhi’s palm and he pointed at Shang Long from afar.

Chi Jing completely agreed with Shui Zhi’s actions. A cornered beast was still fighting! People on the verge of death were the most dangerous.

Although Shang Long’s body had completely perished and his mental body was about to be obliterated, he might be able to drag someone down with him if he risked his life. At the very least, he would be able to severely injure one of them.

Therefore, although Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were slowly approaching at this moment, they were very careful.

“Haha!” Shang Long sneered as sword light appeared again. As soon as this sword light appeared, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were shocked. The two of them, who had been extremely vigilant, instantly retreated a thousand meters.

Seeing this scene, Shang Long suddenly laughed out loud. However, only one head was laughing at the sky. It was still dripping with blood. It looked as ferocious as it could be.

Shang Long’s laughter was filled with pride. He was proud enough to be able to kill the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, and scare Shui Zhi and Chi Jing of the Spiritual Race.

The scene just now had been recorded by his personal communication device. If he could survive this time, he would be able to brag about today for the rest of his life.

“Shui Zhi, you’re a dignified Nine Satellites Planetary realm, but you’re actually as timid as a mouse. If you have the ability, come and fight me to the death!” Shang Long shouted.

Shui Zhi was speechless. Who would fight a lunatic who was about to die? Now, they only had to wait for Shang Long’s remaining head to completely lose its life force and his mental body to escape. It would not be too late for them to attack when Shang Long’s strength had decreased.

However, Shang Long could clearly see through their scheme. If this continued, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing would really succeed. Even the commander’s seal of the Southern Heavenly Gate would fall into the hands of these two people.

In the next moment, Shang Long moved again. A huge head swept up the commander’s seal and quickly circled around it before flying in the direction of the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Gate in the south..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1