Chapter 1831: This Sword Has The Aura Of A Hero (2)

Chapter 1831: This Sword Has the Aura of a Hero (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He would probably be severely injured and on the verge of death if he hit one of the two blood swords.

“Save me!” Chi Jing roared as he crazily activated the Spiritual Treasure, the Flame Mirror. The flames from the Flame Mirror met a blood sword. Under the full power of Chi Jing, it shattered the blood sword. However, Chi Jing could only rely on his defense to take the other sword head-on.

However, Chi Jing was fragile.

Circles of ice suddenly condensed on the surface of Chi Jing’s body and instantly condensed into at least eight layers of Ice Shields. The blood sword struck the eight layers of ice shields and cut through them layer by layer. It slashed at Chi Jing again, but its power was much weaker, and so it was blocked by Chi Jing.

It was Shui Zhi who took the time to save Chi Jing. He had no choice. Chi Jing was the commander of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force appointed by the Sanctuary. Shui Zhi had to listen to him.

If Chi Jing died in front of him, Shui Zhi would not be able to explain it clearly when he returned in the future. It would even be very troublesome if the rumors of him defecting to the enemy were raised again.

Therefore, Shui Zhi had to save Chi Jing at this moment. However, Shang Long’s blood sword that was formed from self-destruction was not to be trifled with. This was equivalent to Shui Zhi receiving two blood swords alone. Moreover, because he had saved Chi Jing, he had become a little passive.

Almost at the same time, because Shui Zhi was distracted by saving Chi Jing, Shang Long’s blood sword struck his chest. Although most of it was resolved, Shui Zhi also vomited blood and was injured on the spot.

Chi Jing seemed to have retreated again. He looked at Shang Long with a fearful gaze. In comparison, Gu Ji’s situation was slightly better than Shui Zhi and Chi Jing when he received the third blood sword. However, he was still injured again.

Gu Ji’s best choice was to retreat. With his powerful defense, as long as he retreated to a certain distance, Shang Long’s blood sword could injure Chi Jing and Shui Zhi, but not him.

However, Gu Ji knew very well that he could not retreat. If he retreated, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing, these two cunning people, would immediately retreat even further. Then, the momentum of the three of them attacking Shang Long immediately dissipated.

Compared to Shui Zhi and Chi Jing, Gu Ji had a reason to attack and charge into the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass. When the time came, Gu Ji would face Shang Long alone.

Judging from the current situation, he would definitely not be able to rush over.

Although Shang Long’s self-destruction killing move was powerful, it could not last long. As long as Gu Ji was at the front and Shui Zhi and Chi Jing attacked from the side, they could stall Shang Long to death.

At that time, he, Gu Ji, would be able to complete the mission. Therefore, at this moment, anyone could retreat, except Gu Ji.

“I’ll continue to hold on. Shang Long won’t be able to last long!” Gu Ji roared.

Gu Ji’s roar also increased Shui Zhi and Chi Jing’s confidence. The two of them had rich combat experience and knew very well that Shang Long would not be able to last long in his current state.

Following Gu Ji’s roar, Chi Jing and the injured Shui Zhi, who had just retreated, stepped forward again and prepared to attack.

But Shang Long’s remaining right leg bone and flesh exploded into a bloody mist again. Shang Long had lost all of his limbs. He looked like a meatball. He looked very miserable.

However, it was exceptionally terrifying in the eyes of Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and Chi Jing. The blood mist that exploded on his right leg instantly condensed into four blood swords.

Chi Jing was really afraid. He retreated without hesitation. As Shui Zhi defended with all his might, he shouted, “Brother Shang, why did you have to do this? Are you going to risk your life? Do you really not want to live anymore?”

In the blood mist, four blood swords suddenly rose. Shang Long’s laughter immediately rang out. “If you know the meaning of the words ‘Fall and Forward’, you will know how I feel now and the ferocity of my sword.”

“Fall and forward? I know the meaning!” Shui Zhi defended with all his might as he retreated. If Shang Long slashed at him again, he would probably be severely injured again. Therefore, Shui Zhi was very careful.

“No, you don’t! This sword, or rather, it is unique to Huaxia! Our Huaxia once had a red flag that was built by the heroes who pounced forward after falling,” Shang Long said calmly, but the blood sword was extremely fast.

The blood sword is still split into three. However, this time, one of the swords slashed at Chi Jing, while the other slashed at Shui Zhi, who was retreating. Two of the swords slashed at Gu Ji, who was closest to him, with all their might.

Shang Long wanted to kill Gu Ji. Since he had used such a killing move, it would be meaningless if he could not kill Gu Ji in the end. When the two blood swords slashed at him, a blue light shone in Gu Ji’s eyes.

Without hesitation, Gu Ji threw out an electromagnetic prism explosive ball. This was his life-saving treasure. So when he realized the danger, he used it without hesitation.

The electromagnetic prism explosive ball exploded, instantly turning the

50-meter radius in front of Gu Ji into a ball of electromagnetic explosion light. Shang Long’s blood sword happened to enter this range, but its power was greatly weakened.

The two blood swords passed through the ball of electromagnetic light, but they did not have much power left. They were easily blocked by Gu Ji.

Seeing this, Gu Ji heaved a sigh of relief. He sneered and said, “You’re only so-so! Your limbs have already exploded. What else can you explode?”

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were also tempted when they heard that. They stared intently at Shang Long from afar.

Shang Long, who had lost his limbs, was definitely an arrow at the end of its flight.

“What else can I explode? There are two words in Huaxia: hot-blooded! In terms of hot blood, this was the most. My hot blood should comfort Huaxia. Who dares to accept it?!”

As Shang Long laughed, his entire chest, including his heart, suddenly exploded into a bloody mist. In terms of scale, this ball of blood mist was definitely several times that of any thigh that had exploded previously.

Almost at the same time, the expressions of Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and Chi Jing changed drastically. The three of them did not expect Shang Long’s heart to really explode. This was already a suicidal attack.

This ball of blood mist suddenly turned into nine awe-inspiring blood swords.

Shang Long’s voice also rang out. ‘We, the heroes of Huaxia, have generously died with hot blood. This hot blood has heroism

Therefore, this sword should be the Hero Sword. Which of you dares to take my

Hero Sword?!”

Although he was asking, Shang Long already had a target. Similarly, although Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and Chi Jing were still talking to Shang Long, they had already begun to take action.

They were wise. Especially Shui Zhi and Chi Jing. The moment the nine Blood Light Hero Swords appeared, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing turned into two beams of light and retreated without hesitation.

Under the envelopment of the nine Blood Light Hero Swords, Gu Ji finally realized that he could not withstand it. He would definitely not be able to take it. Not only could he not withstand it alone, but even the three of them could not withstand this sword.

Therefore, Gu Ji retreated without hesitation. He had to escape. However, Gu Ji realized something at this moment. As the saying went, when you encountered a tiger, you did not have to run faster than the tiger. You only had to run faster than your companions.

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing happened to do this. Of course, even if they did not do it, they would still be lucky. This was because Shang Long’s target had always been Gu Ji.

The nine Blood Light Hero Swords split into three. Two of them pointed at the fleeing Shui Zhi and Chi Jing from afar. They did not slash out, but they intimidated them from afar. The other seven turned into seven blood-colored flames and slashed at Gu Ji, the commander of the Great XI Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force.

Gu Ji directly blasted out the last two electromagnetic prisms in his hand, but they only blocked three swords. The other four swords slashed into Gu Ji’s body from four directions. The four Blood Light Hero Swords cut Gu Ji into seven pieces. His energy core still dodged a disaster, though.

The moment the sword light disappeared, Gu Ji’s energy core instantly soared into the sky and was about to escape. But the eighth Blood Light Hero Sword instantly flashed and pierced through Gu Ji’s energy core.

The commander of the Great XI Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force, Gu Ji, had died!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1