Chapter 1835: Chi Jing’S Choice (1)

Chapter 1835: Chi Jing’s Choice (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui could not tell who the Blue Star’s standard communication device that he had taken from the ground belonged to. But it was still working, so he could see the video that had been recorded.

Shang Long.

It was the scene of Shang Long fighting Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and Chi Jing alone.

In an instant, Xu Tui understood. Shang Long must have received his emergency warning. Coincidentally, Gu Ji had begun to show some signs. He wanted to enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court through the vortex in the south of the Heavenly Gate. That was why this battle was happening.

This video looked fine at first. However, when Xu Tui saw Shang Long’s limbs explode one by one and even his chest and abdomen explode into a bloody mist, his blood surged. He could not help but tremble.

“Mr. Shang…” Xu Tui quickly watched it. He muttered with an extremely nervous expression. If Shang Long died because of this…

“This sword is called Fall and Forward. This sword should have heroism!”

Xu Tui was extremely nervous about Shang Long’s life when he saw this scene. However, he felt heroic and his blood boiled.

Killing enemies should be like Mr. Shang. He fought two Nine Satellites and one Eight Satellites alone. Not only did he kill Gu Ji, who was good at defense, head-on, but he also had a heroic aura.

Awesome! However, the last scene made Xu Tui’s scalp tingle. Mr. Shang Long’s head even exploded.

Xu Tui was worried and had a toothache. Mr. Shang had gone completely crazy. It looked like he did not leave any way out for himself. If he had a head, if he could return to Ceres Star in the shortest time possible and use the Blue Star’s most advanced life-sustaining nutrition chamber, the top-notch cultivation fluid, and a large number of resources, he could reproduce Shang Long’s body as long as it did not take too long.

However, Shang Long exploded it. If Xu Tui did not know that Shang Long might use that trump card, he would not have been able to control his emotions and would have exploded. The true Spiritual Leader of the Blue Star was actually Shang Long. If Shang Long died, it would be a huge blow to the morale of the Blue Star. They did not dare to…

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Shang Long’s mental body had disappeared into thin air. This was exactly the same as the situation when Raymont was tested back then. It was very likely that Shang Long would use the resurrection seal from the Samsara Small Universe.

Previously, Xu Tui and Shang Long had been studying the resurrection seal from the Samsara Small Universe. This thing was abnormally mysterious, and its functions were even more mysterious. Coupled with the fact that there were too few samples, they did not manage to come up with any results.

Currently, the only thing he knew was that after Shang Long’s body was killed, if he activated the Resurrection Seal and was prepared in advance, he could be reborn into the prepared body.

However, it was unknown if the nature of the reborn body would change. Would the specific fusion between the reborn body and the mental body reach the level of perfection? Would he be able to break through to his current realm after rebirth?

There were too few useful results from Raymont’s research sample. All of this would only be known after Shang Long personally experienced it.

Back then, after Xu Tui and Shang Long finished their preliminary research on the Resurrection Seal, Xu Tui had once told Shang Long that he should not use the Resurrection Seal easily if he did not understand these questions.

He did not expect it to be used so quickly. However, on the other hand, this was Shang Long’s only way out in the situation just now. Otherwise, Shang Long’s only choice would probably be to completely destroy his mental body and kill either Shui Zhi or Chi Jing.

Whether or not he could kill them was another matter. However, the previous situation was indeed desperate. There were too few top-notch powerhouses on the Blue Star who could resist a top-notch powerhouse at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

He hoped that nothing would happen to Mr. Shang when he used the Resurrection Seal. He had tested it on Raymont previously, but this was the first time he was using it on himself.

Otherwise…

Just as Xu Tui was about to enter the recording, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing slowly approached Xu Tui as they recuperated.

“Commander Xu Tui, did you come from within the small universe of the

Heavenly Court?” Chi Jing was not in a hurry to attack. Instead, he asked,

“When did you enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court?”

He could guarantee that ever since the Southern Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel of Ceres Star had opened, he and Shui Zhi had taken turns to keep an eye on it. It was impossible for Xu Tui to enter.

However, now that Xu Tui had appeared, it meant that there were many possibilities. The greatest possibility was that the Blue Star or Xu Tui had discovered another passageway that allowed them to enter and leave the small universe of the Heavenly Court at any time.

If that was the case, the value of this information would be too great. If he, Chi Jing, could find it and report it to the Sanctuary, it would definitely be another great contribution. Chi Jing discussed with Shui Zhi urgently as he thought about how to get information out of Xu Tui.

“Elder Shui Zhi, it shouldn’t be a problem for us to work together and kill Xu Tui, right?” More than half a year ago, Shui Zhi had fought Xu Tui on Planet X. Although he did not kill Xu Tui, he had been tricked by Xu Tui.

However, based on the situation of the battle at that time, Xu Tui was at most at the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. His combat strength was very strong, but it was also very limited. In a head-on battle, he could still kill Xu Tui.

Therefore, Shui Zhi thought about it and agreed to Chi Jing. “I can kill Xu Tui, but Xu Tui is extremely cunning. Moreover, he has a teleportation divine demon abnormality. It’s extremely difficult to deal with him. I need you and me to work together and cooperate closely to kill him..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1