Chapter 1833: Is Shang Long Alive? (2)

Chapter 1833: Is Shang Long Alive? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Shang Long was leaving the Southern Heavenly Gate.

As long as he left the Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel and threw the commander’s seal of the Southern Heavenly Gate garrison to Erera or someone else for safekeeping, even if Shui Zhi and Chi Jing had outstanding combat strength, as long as the Blue Star humans retreated to the Wood Origin Palace and the Earth Origin Palace, Chi Jing and Shui Zhi would not be able to attack them.

Moreover, it was not as if he did not have a backup plan.

Of course, Shang Long had taken this stance because he felt that some things could not be wasted.

Shui Zhi and Chi Jing became anxious when Shang Long moved.

They immediately saw through Shang Long’s intentions. Moreover, they were thinking more than Shang Long.

Once Shang Long escaped from the vortex tunnel of the Southern Heavenly

Gate and returned to Ceres Star, not only would the commander’s seal of the

Heavenly Court in Gu Ji’s hand be completely lost to them,

Moreover, Shang Long could definitely find a suitable physical body to possess in the shortest time possible.

Although Shang Long would not be able to increase his strength in the future and his strength would even decrease, he was still a Nine Satellites Swordsman with astonishing combat strength in Huaxia.

Therefore, they had to stop Shang Long. They could not let him leave the Southern Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel and return to Ceres Star. Otherwise, not only would Gu Ji have died in vain, but they would also not have gained anything.

The flames and the blue light of the ice blasted towards Shang Long in two directions. This time, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing did not hold back. Instead, they attacked with all their might. Fire and ice blasted towards Shang Long.

However, Shang Long was faster than them.

Shang Long’s remaining head suddenly turned into a bloody mist that enveloped Shang Long’s mental body. In an instant, it condensed into four blood-colored sword lights.

“Be careful! He’s going to risk his life!” Shui Zhi shouted angrily.

Almost as soon as Shui Zhi finished speaking, four blood -colored sword lights had already slashed at the two of them. What shocked and angered Shui Zhi and Chi Jing even more was that Shang Long ignored their overwhelming attacks.

It was as if he did not care about the life and death of his mental body.

Shui Zhi was shocked. This was because the four blood-colored sword lights were all slashing at him. Shang Long wanted to take Shui Zhi, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert, away before he died.

“Leave the one on the left to me.” Chi Jing roared. The Flame Mirror spat out a long stream of fire light that blasted towards the blood-colored sword light that was slashing towards the leftmost side of Shui Zhi.

A large amount of blue light surged out of Shui Zhi’s body. The boundless aura of water and ice, coupled with the shield, was like a lotus flower blooming. It flipped layer by layer and instantly enveloped Shui Zhi.

This was Shui Zhi’s strongest defense technique. A black flag suddenly flew out and enveloped Shui Zhi. This was Shui Zhi’s greatest gain since he became the main elder of the Spiritual Race.

Although he was not qualified to obtain the Spiritual Treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor, he still had the top power and resources in the Sanctuary. He used these resources to replicate a Spiritual Treasure, the Black Essence Flag, bestowed by the Holy Ancestor.

It only had 70% of the power of the Spiritual Treasure that the Holy Ancestor used, but it was enough to save his life.

The Spiritual Treasure that the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had just cast was still very powerful.

For example, Chi Jing. At this moment, he was holding the Flame Mirror. As an Eight Satellites, he directly erupted with the strength of the Nine Satellites.

Actually, it was because Chi Jing was not strong enough. If a fire-type supernatural being of the Nine Satellites had the Flame Mirror bestowed by the Holy Ancestor, he would definitely be able to easily kill an ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert.

Unfortunately, even a replica of a spiritual treasure was extremely difficult to refine even in the Spiritual Race. The word ‘Spiritual’ was extremely important. It lacked spirit.

Shang Long’s four blood-colored light swords slashed over. Shui Zhi also used all his life-saving abilities. Gu Ji’s death was not far away. In an instant, other than the fourth sword that was blocked by Chi Jing, the other three swords hit Shui Zhi at the same time.

The flames and ice that Shui Zhi and Chi Jing had blasted out previously also covered Shang Long’s location.

The first blood -colored sword light instantly entered Shui Zhi’s replica of the

Spiritual Treasure, the Black Essence Flag. After all, it was only a replica of a Spiritual Treasure. This sword was a blood-colored sword light that Shang Long had used a secret technique to accelerate. It was extremely powerful.

With just one strike, the replica spiritual treasure lost all its brilliance. A huge sword wound appeared on the flag, but it blocked the strike for Shui Zhi.

The second blood-colored sword light slashed into the Lotus Shield protecting Shui Zhi. The blood-colored sword light that followed closely behind slashed into Shui Zhi’s body.

Although Shui Zhi was a Nine Satellites, he was fragile.

Shang Long’s third blood-colored sword light slashed into Shui Zhi’s body. However, Shui Zhi was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse after all. Furthermore, he had previously broken through to the Nebula Realm and had extraordinary knowledge.

The moment Shang Long’s blood -colored sword light slashed into his body, he forcefully moved half a foot to the side.

Originally, Shang Long’s third strike was enough to split Shui Zhi into two and kill his body. However, due to Shui Zhi’s reaction, Shang Long’s sword only slashed down from Shui Zhi’s left shoulder.

Shui Zhi’s left arm, a portion of his waist, and his entire calf were sent flying by this sword.

Shui Zhi groaned, but he did not retreat. “Quick, kill him!”

Shang Long’s mental body, which had just been bathed in Shui Zhi and Chi Jing’s attacks, was completely covered. Although their previous attacks did not cause much damage to the mental body, they could still weaken it..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1