Chapter 1839: It’S Easier For The Dead, Difficult For The Living (1)

Chapter 1839: It’s Easier for the Dead, Difficult for the Living (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was not surprised to see Chi Jing abandon Shui Zhi and escape back to Ceres Star.

It was undeniable that the Spiritual Race also had heroes and tough men. However, comparatively speaking, the higher the cultivation, status, and age of the Spiritual Race, the more cowards there were like Chi Jing.

Correspondingly, among young people, heroism was the most important. However, Xu Tui did not chase after Chi Jing.

Chi Jing had already lost his physical body. He could run but he couldn’t hide. Could they escape from the solar system now?

What was important now was Shui Zhi.

It had to be said that Shui Zhi was the most powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realm that Xu Tui had seen. His combat strength was almost comparable to a Nebula Realm expert like Tu Chengshan.

However, this was normal.

Before Shui Zhi came to the Solar System, he was the 14th main elder with a cultivation level of the Nebula Realm. However, in order to successfully pass through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, he could only lower his cultivation level.

After lowering his cultivation, Shui Zhi was still at the peak of the Nine Satellites. Moreover, he had the knowledge of the Nebula Realm and the foundation of a main elder of the Spiritual Race. This was the reason why he was so difficult to deal with.

If it was an ordinary Nine Satellites, he would have killed them long ago. It was just like Chi Jing from before. He, who had the Fire Mirror, had the combat strength of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. However, he was frozen by Xu

‘1’u1’S Ice Array sword.

But Chi Jing’s escape also made Xu Tui understand that he had to speed up his progress.

Xu Tui already understood that it was very likely that Shang Long had used the Reincarnation Seal and did not die. It would not take long for him to be reborn.

However, the others on the Blue Star had no idea.

If Chi Jing escaped and deliberately schemed, it might cause the morale of the Blue Star to collapse on the spot and take the opportunity to severely injure the Blue Star’s strength.

Therefore, Xu Tui’s mind power instantly sank into the red fire slip that he had not used for a long time. In an instant, a small sword that was mainly dark in color appeared above his head.

God Slaying Sword.

Even though Xu Tui had not used the God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip for a long time, its power was still extraordinary. Moreover, it had extraordinary power when it faced the Six Satellites and Seven Satellites Planetary realm in the past.

Now, it was still extraordinary against the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. It was mainly because the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind was also constantly growing. It could even be said that it had been growing with him.

Why did he say that?

Ever since Xu Tui had refined the red fire slip into his brain, this fellow had been plundering the energy that he had obtained from his cultivation.

Whether it was Xu Tui directly absorbing the wandering energy in the world, through the Origin Crystal, or during his previous plunder-like cultivation, this energy was used by him to strengthen his genetic chain, condense his star, or strengthen his star halo.

The red fire slip would take 20% of the energy that Xu Tui absorbed into his body. It was a little like mandatory taxes. He had to hand it over regardless of whether Xu Tui was willing or not.

Xu Tui had also fought back, but it was ineffective. Coupled with the fact that the God Slaying Sword was powerful, he could only accept it.

In the past few years, it was not just the energy. There was also the power of the spirit in the Silver Box of Spirit that Xu Tui had absorbed and refined, as well as the mind power in the Soul Crystal. The red fire slip would take 20% of anything that was absorbed into his body.

It had to be known that because of the dual main planet’s force fields, the new star of power condensed in his body was double that of the others. Moreover, he had also refined a large amount of Origin Energy in order to activate the divine demon abnormality.

20% of these were taken away by the red fire slip.

Xu Tui had no idea what the red fire slip was used for. However, it was obvious that this fellow had also grown. At the very least, the red fire slip was thicker and looked more exquisite. It seemed to be in the process of being repaired. The God Slaying Sword seal on the back had also become longer and wider.

Therefore, Xu Tui concluded that the power of the God Slaying Sword had also increased.

In any case, it would not be a problem to severely injure the mental body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

The prerequisite was that he had to hit his target.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword appeared above his head.

However, he did not slash out immediately. Instead, he slashed out the Spirit Sealing Array Sword again and slashed at Shui Zhi’s mental body.

This Spirit Sealing Array Sword was actually a restriction to the mental body. It was not harmful. As for obliterating 10 to 20% of the target’s mind power, it was actually just a side effect. It had to be said that the mental body of Shui Zhi, who had once been the main elder, was abnormally powerful. He was not discouraged at all in a desperate situation.

It was not until he was hit three times by the Spirit Sealing Array Sword that the aura emitted by his mental body fell to the level of an ordinary Nine Satellites. His mental body was also restricted by the Spirit Sealing Array

Sword.

The time limit on his mental body was very short, though. It was probably less than a second.

However, it was enough for Xu Tui.

Energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state.

With a thought, Xu Tui prepared to use the God Slaying Sword to slash or severely injure Shui Zhi’s mental body.

The God Slaying Sword disappeared and appeared above the restricted Shui Zhi’s head. The restricted mental body of Shui Zhi revealed a shocked expression. He knew the power of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. Moreover, from this aura, as long as it slashed down, his mental body would definitely be severely injured.

Not to mention losing his combat strength, as long as he was hit by this sword, even if he stood still, his mental body would naturally collapse in a few hours. Moreover, Xu Tui had many ways to attack his mental body.

At this moment, Shui Zhi fell into despair. His life flashed through his mind..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1