Chapter 1838: Chi Jing’S Choice (4)

Chapter 1838: Chi Jing’s Choice (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As long as Little Six and Kitawan blasted their energy into this hole, Chi Jing would definitely die.

Chi Jing was shocked!

“Shui Zhi, save me!” Chi Jing sent a mental voice transmission for help.

At this moment, Shui Zhi was also very helpless. It did not matter if the others died, but Chi Jing was the commander of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force at this moment. He could not escape responsibility even if he died.

He could only save him now.

Originally, he had discovered the flaws in Xu Tui’s battle technique and was fighting well. However, at this moment, he could only turn to attack Little Six and Kitawan to save Chi Jing.

Xu Tui sneered when he saw this scene. The flaw in the Earth Array Mountain Town was not considered a flaw.

With a thought, five invisible mind power swords suddenly materialized. The moment they materialized, the five mind power swords formed a Spirit Sealing Array Sword and slashed at Shui Zhi.

Shui Zhi, who was about to save Chi Jing, suddenly felt his heart palpitate. An indescribable threat instantly surged into his heart.

Without hesitation, Shui Zhi gave up on rescuing Chi Jing and defended with all his might. However, just as the invisible Spirit Sealing Array Sword was about to reach his body, Shui Zhi realized that the attack that made his heart palpitate was a mental attack.

In an instant, he activated his mental body with all his might and spun his new mind power to increase his defense.

The powerful spirit sealing array enveloped Shui Zhi’s mental body. The powerful mind power fluctuations quickly blasted into Shui Zhi’s mental body. It only consumed about 20% of Shui Zhi’s mind power and only slightly shook his mental body.

This vibration did not affect Shui Zhi’s mental body at all.

But Shui Zhi felt that his mental body had suddenly been isolated from the world and his surrounding environment. It caused his attacks and defense and the use of all his supernatural abilities to stop for a moment.

He revealed a terrified expression. He had already thought of Xu Tui’s tactics. The shadows of the seven mountains led by Huashan and the Mount Heng Divine Seals once again condensed above Shui Zhi’s head.

Shui Zhi was shocked, but Xu Tui sneered. This was his true intention. The earth array turned into continuous mountains again.

Boom!

An earth-shattering explosion sounded again. This time, Shui Zhi was restricted by the Spiritual Sealing Array and did not manage to break through Xu Tui’s Mountain Town, and so he was forcefully hit by the Mountain Town.

Even if Shui Zhi was once a Nebula Realm expert, his body was like a watermelon that had been smashed by a mountain.

DCC&

r11 L :

Flesh and blood splattered everywhere. Shui Zhi’s body was smashed like a watermelon. With a scream, Shui Zhi’s mental body soared into the sky.

Chi Jing exclaimed. Not only were the two Seven Satellites guards, Little Six and Kitawan, quickly running towards him, but even Shui Zhi’s body was destroyed.

Chi Jing knew very well how important he was to Shui Zhi. Compared to Shui Zhi’s own life, Shui Zhi would definitely choose to protect himself rather than save him.

Chi Jing understood that he could only save himself. However, he was tightly sealed by the ice sculpture. Although he was frantically activating the Spiritual Treasure, the Flame Mirror, bestowed by the Holy Ancestor to escape, it would take time.

Chi Jing understood that he had to risk his life. He shook the Flame Mirror slightly. A blazing light rose from in front of him and blasted towards his lips. Swish! The moment a thin tunnel melted out, Chi Jing’s lips were also charred by the flames of the Flame Mirror.

However, at the moment of life and death, Chi Jing couldn’t care less about the pain. He bit his tongue and bit off a small portion of the tip of his tongue. A stream of hot blood spurted out continuously and landed on the Flame Mirror.

If the Flame Mirror was enhanced by blood, its power would increase explosively. The blood that poured down instantly landed on the Flame Mirror. In the next moment, Chi Jing activated it crazily, and the raging flames instantly erupted from the Flame Mirror. When ice had a certain thickness, it would melt slower even against high temperatures.

Chi Jing was anxious. In five seconds, when the interior of the ice sculpture melted to a certain extent, Chi Jing suddenly escaped. However, it was Little Six and Kitawan who were dealing with him.

Little Six was fine, but Kitawan was extremely cunning. This time, he had been released by Xu Tui to fight alone. He had also regarded it as a chance to make a great contribution. After interacting with Little Six for so long, Little Six acted according to Kitawan’s battle plan.

Although the two of them had charged forward, they were only accumulating energy and did not attack immediately. The moment Chi Jing escaped from the ice sculpture, Kitawan and Little Six, who had been accumulating energy for a while, attacked him from both sides. When he escaped, Chi Jing was at his weakest. Furthermore, they were so close.

Moreover, in terms of characteristics, Chi Jing, a fire-type supernatural being, was actually fragile. He was hit head-on under such circumstances. Not only was his body trapped by Little Six’s energy net, but his head and upper body were also shattered by Kitawan and Little Six.

Amidst a shrill scream, Chi Jing’s mental body escaped from his shattered body.

Chi Jing, who had just escaped with his body, felt a little despair. He saw that Shui Zhi’s body had also been shattered by Xu Tui. Shui Zhi’s mental body was also in a sorry state like him. Although he was still fighting Xu Tui, he was clearly at a disadvantage.

At this moment, Chi Jing suddenly fell into a dilemma. Should he escape? Or should he fight alongside Shui Zhi? They were supernatural beings in the Planetary realm, and their strength would only decrease by one or two moves after losing their bodies.

However, the problem was that without the nourishment of his physical body, his mind power would decrease with every use. He would not be able to recover if he used it less.

Previously, the two of them had been beaten up by Xu Tui. Although it was because they had been a little careless and caught off guard, the current situation…

This was especially so for Chi Jing, who knew Xu Tui’s information. In the previous intelligence, Xu Tui’s strongest and most feared ability was the God Slaying Sword.

The God Slaying Sword that could directly kill their mental bodies. Previously, they had designs on the God Slaying Sword, but they did not succeed.

According to the information about Xu Tui, Xu Tui’s extremely powerful God

Slaying Sword could only be used once in a battle.

Then, with his and Shui Zhi’s mental bodies, who would Xu Tui kill?

He did not know who Xu Tui would kill. However, Chi Jing knew very well that at this moment, he and Shui Zhi were only left with their mental bodies. Whoever Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword killed would die.

Whoever was killed would have their soul completely dispersed! If they stayed to fight, one of them would definitely die, and the other might not be able to live. However, if he did not fight side by side now, the probability of him escaping alive was extremely high.

This was because the Southern Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel that left this place was not far away. In an instant, Chi Jing made a choice. It’s better for you to die than me.

In the next moment, Chi Jing’s mental body suddenly turned into a stream of fire and fled in the direction of the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Gate in the south. He did not even have the time to care about the lost Spiritual Treasure, the Flame Mirror.

Shui Zhi, who was using the power of his mental body to fight Xu Tui, suddenly became furious when he saw this scene.

He had wanted to work with Chi Jing to repel Xu Tui and retreat together. However, Chi Jing actually turned around and fled!

He escaped!

“Chi Jing, I’ll f*ck your ancestors!” As Shui Zhi roared angrily, Chi Jing, who had turned into flames, had entered the Southern Heavenly Gate vortex tunnel without hesitation.. He disappeared!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1