Chapter 1840: It’S Easier For The Dead, Difficult For The Living (2)

Chapter 1840: It’s Easier for the Dead, Difficult for the Living (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was not a loss.

He had gone from being a collateral descendant of the Spiritual Race’s Water Branch to being in charge of the family. Then, he had used his family and his own strength to push him to the position of the 14th main elder. Only he knew how much blood, tears, and hardship he had to put in.

Countless members of the Spiritual Race looked up to his background and saw his glory and power. However, only he could see the pain and helplessness he had experienced, as well as the fear and hesitation he had once felt.

In the last moment, the image of his wife, who had once accompanied him through thick and thin, flashed through Shui Zhi’s mind. Over the years, ever since he became the main elder, he had not had many concubines, but he had been surrounded by beauties.

Of course, he did not chase his wife out. Back then, he and his wife had grown up insignificant. So he could not do that. Over the years though, he had almost zero interaction with his wife, let alone spend the night at her place.

He remembered when he was young, when he was cultivating, his wife would accompany him all night. He remembered when he went to the sea to cultivate, his wife would stay by the sea and accompany him.

At that time, he swore to accompany his wife until the end of time, but…

At the moment of his death, Shui Zhi realized that the thing he could not let go of the most all these years was his wife and his family, not his future.

“Sigh, it’s a little late for me to understand. Yulan, I hope that you and I will have an afterlife.” At the thought of this, Shui Zhi shook his head.

There could not be an afterlife. This was because the Samsara Small Universe had long been sealed off from the Spiritual Race. It no longer existed.

What a pity…

Shui Zhi had resigned himself to his fate. If Xu Tui slashed with the God Slaying Sword and the Spirit Sealing Array Sword hit him again, he would be finished. Therefore, he gave up resisting. However, he did not expect that after a few seconds, the God Slaying Sword did not slash down. His thoughts returned to reality from his memories and regrets.

Shui Zhi was in front of it. He saw the God Slaying Sword that emitted a terrifying aura that made his mental body tremble. It was colorful and mainly dark. He did not dare to look directly at it.

In Shui Zhi’s mental perception, an invisible mind power fluctuation enveloped his head. What enveloped him was the Spirit Sealing Array Sword that Xu Tui had formed with seven small mind power swords.

Three seconds ago, Xu Tui had wanted to use the God Slaying Sword to severely injure Shui Zhi before using the Spirit Sealing Array Sword to deal with Shui Zhi’s mental body. If Shui Zhi was lucky enough to not be dead, he could try capturing him.

However, the moment the God Slaying Sword slashed down, Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance Passive Resonance gave him a feeling of despair and intense regret.

This was a change in Shui Zhi’s mental state.

At that moment, a bold thought appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. Should he persuade Shui Zhi to surrender? It had to be known that not only was Shui Zhi once at the Nebula Realm, but he was also once the 14th main elder of the Spiritual Race and one of the highest rulers of the Spiritual Race.

Even if his ranking was the lowest, Shui Zhi definitely knew a lot of secrets about the Sanctuary. He even knew many secrets about the core of the Spiritual Race. His understanding of the current universe and the ancient Heavenly Court was something that others could not reach.

Yan Wuyu was definitely not comparable.

Yan Wuyu was a true expert in some aspects of technology. But he might not know 10% of the core secrets of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary.

It would be more meaningful to the Blue Star and the Worldly Demon Slayers if they persuaded Shui Zhi to surrender. He might take many fewer detours in the future. Originally, Xu Tui did not have any thoughts of persuading Shui Zhi to surrender because he did not have that possibility.

On second thought, that was still a possibility. The various misunderstandings from before made Shui Zhi feel a lot of dissatisfaction and even resentment towards the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. This was the foundation. At this moment, the change in Shui Zhi’s mental state was the main point.

Xu Tui felt that he could use this as an entrance.

Shui Zhi, who had lost all hope, looked at Xu Tui coldly. He did not escape or resist. “Why haven’t you killed me?”

Shui Zhi understood very well. Xu Tui might not have killed him, but if he really escaped, he could instantly destroy his mental body.

“I think that Mr. Shui Zhi has another path other than a dead end,” Xu Tui said.

“You want me to surrender?” Shui Zhi sneered and shook his head. Previously, he had been suspected of betraying the Spiritual Race. He had yet to be cleared of the suspicion. He was definitely unwilling to be labeled a traitor until he died.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. “Some regrets will become permanent once a person dies. Moreover, only the living could bear this regret. Many times, the person who died was actually the most relaxed and comfortable. The living were in the most pain. Therefore, Mr. Shui Zhi, think carefully. Your death will be easy, but it will leave the cruelest future to the living.

“Think about it. I’ll give you three minutes to consider. If you don’t change your mind in three minutes, then I will send Mr. Shui Zhi on your way.” Xu Tui’s words shocked Shui Zhi, who only had his mental body left.

Regrets!

He did have some regrets. However, what shocked him was Xu Tui’s other words. It was easy for the dead, but difficult for the living. His death was easy, but he left the cruelest future to the living.

Suddenly, a thought appeared in Shui Zhi’s mind.. If he died, what would happen to his wife in the future?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1