Chapter 1848: Shang Long’S Private Laboratory And Assistance (3)

Chapter 1848: Shang Long’s Private Laboratory and Assistance (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Lieutenant Wei, the others are still alive and very safe. It’s just that they haven’t returned yet,” Xu Tui said.

Wei Bin heaved a sigh of relief. It was good that they were still alive. At that moment, he did not cause trouble for Xu Tui and did not ask further. He could tell that Xu Tui had many things to do.

“Get Fang You to see me.” Xu Tui’s first priority was naturally Shang Long’s matter.

Shang Long used to be accompanied by students. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were in the extra-terrestrial. Bian Yuan had wanted to come over too.

However, in the past year or two, the Blue Star’s energy had erupted, and the Genetic Miracle had also received several good seedlings. Bian Yuan had to stay on the Blue Star to carry on the inheritance and nurture new students.

Originally, Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng should be the main force now.

Unfortunately, these two people had said that they were going to look for Mr. Shang last time. After appearing once, they had disappeared.

They had not seen them since. They could not even contact Mr. Shang.

According to Mr. Shang’s previous deduction, these two people might have also gone to the Milky Way. Under such circumstances, Cai Shaochu’s assistant, Fang You, took care of some of Shang Long’s miscellaneous matters.

Xu Tui looked at Wei Bin while he waited for Fang You to arrive.

“Lieutenant Wei, how many Planetary realms does our Blue Star currently have? I need an accurate number,” Xu Tui asked.

“The number of Planetary realms is increasing relatively quickly now. There are new Planetary realms increasing almost every day. As of 2400 hours yesterday, excluding your expeditionary army outside, there are a total of 241 Planetary realms on the Blue Star.

“Among them, 188 were at the One and Two Satellites. The rest were mainly at the Three Satellites and Four Satellites.

“Currently, among the high-end combatants, Nine Satellites was Mr. Shang Long. Miss Erera was the only Eight Satellites. As the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had been taken away by you, the Seven Satellites were temporarily empty. There are three people at the Six Satellites. They are Augustus, Anrevich, and Cai

Shaochu. ”

At this point, Xu Tui interrupted, “Is Principal Cai still in the Six Satellites?”

“This… I’m not sure. Principal Cai opened a channel to Saturn two and a half months ago and went, but he hasn’t returned yet. I’m not too sure about his cultivation level. However, a month ago, the remote sensing equipment monitored an abnormal energy flash on Saturn. It lasted for a few days. I wonder if it has anything to do with Principal Cai,” Wei Bin said.

“Among them, there are 11 Five Satellites. Five of them are veteran Five Satellites. The other six have broken through in the past year. These were the current high-end combat strength of the Blue Star. 80% of the high-end combat strength is currently gathered on Ceres Star,” Wei Bin said.

“Alright, then pass down my orders. Other than the necessary defense, all the high-end combatants are to gather at Ceres Star.

“Among the Planetary realm experts of the First and Two Satellites, including the quasi-planetary experts, all the superb individuals who can attack from afar, gather at Ceres Star.

“Gather as much as you can within three days,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood. I’ll do it immediately.” After agreeing to the order, Wei Bin said, “Commander, forgive me for being blunt.

Our staff had previously made long- term deductions and calculations about the strength of the defensive energy screens of the Wood Origin Palace, the Water Origin Palace, and the Fire Origin Palace.

Based on the current strength of our Blue Star, even if we gathered all these Planetary realm experts from the One and Two Satellites, we would not be able to break through the Fire Origin Palace.

“After the energy in the Fire Origin Palace was consumed, it was replenished extremely quickly,” Wei Bin said.

“Oh? The results are out? How can I break through the defenses of the Fire Origin Palace or the Water Origin Palace?” Xu Tui asked.

“The result of the deduction of the latest super quantum intelligence computer in the solar system is that if we want to break through the defense of the Fire Origin Palace or the Water Origin Palace, we need at least three to four Nine Satellites to attack at the same time. Only then can we break through the critical value of its defensive array and the Fire Origin Palace,” Wei Bin said.

“Three to four of the Nine Satellites?” Xu Tui frowned. He could be considered a

Nine Satellites, so should Shang Long. However, Xu Tui did not know Shang Long’s current situation. He did not know if he could do anything. Even if Shang Long could contribute, he was still short of two Nine Satellites.

“If the Nine Satellites are not enough and we lack one, we would basically need three to five Eight Satellites to make up for the gap of a Nine Satellites. This was because the Nine Satellites had already grasped a little of the so-called Dao or rule power.

“Below the Eight Satellites, this method of replacing combat strength was much easier. It would take three to four Seven Satellites to make up one Eight Satellites. Currently, we are short of at least seven Eight Satellites Planetary realm experts. If we use a low-level Planetary realm to make up for it, we would need about 30 Seven Satellites. We would need about 90 Six Satellites and 270 Five Satellites.”

Wei Bin could no longer calculate. 270 Five Satellites. There were not even that many Planetary realm powerhouses on the entire Blue Star.

“Therefore, based on the data analysis, there’s no possibility of breaking through the Fire Origin Palace. Commander, I think we should change our strategy and think of a way to lure the enemy out to fight. Then, we can weaken the enemy in batches,” Wei Bin suggested.

Xu Tui shook his head. That wouldn’t do.

The small universe of the Heavenly Court was currently being attacked by tens of millions of troops from the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Muyas. If Xu Tui wanted to mobilize the garrison of the Southern Heavenly Gate, including the forces of the Blue Star Humans, to enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court to provide support, he had to deal with the Spiritual Race in the

Fire Origin Palace..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1