Chapter 1842: Instant Kill And Breach The Fire Origin Palace (1)

Chapter 1842: Instant Kill and Breach the Fire Origin Palace (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Solar System, Ceres Star, below the vortex tunnel of the Southern Heavenly Gate. The Blue Star humans, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race were engaged in a chaotic battle. It was called a chaotic battle, but it was actually two against one.

The Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race were fighting the Blue Star humans head-on. However, in a two-on-one situation, not only did the Blue Star humans not suffer a loss, but they even had the upper hand.

This was mainly related to the home ground battle. There was actually a limited number of participants from the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race.

Ever since the Great Xi Clan had lost a large number of elites during their last exploration of the small universe, they had left Ceres Star and fled into the depths of the solar system. However, due to transportation, they did not receive any reinforcements from the Great Xi Clan.

Therefore, the Great Xi Clan was relatively weak. Originally, with Gu Ji, the

Nine Satellites, there were still the Eight Satellites, two Seven Satellites, four Six Satellites, and more than 20 Planetary realm experts and dozens of quasi-planetary experts. It could be considered a very strong force.

Unfortunately, Gu Ji had already been killed by Shang Long when he ran to the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Before Shang Long chased after him, he first severely injured the Eight Satellites and got Erera to kill him, then he killed another Six Satellites who was blocking his way.

It could be said that the elites of the Great Xi Clan had all left. At this moment, only the news of Gu Ji’s death had not spread. Otherwise, the Great Xi Clan would have collapsed.

On the Spiritual Race’s side, there were only two top experts. One was naturally

Shui Zhi, the Nine Satellites, and the other was Chi Jinz, who was an Eight

Satellites but had the combat strength of the Nine Satellites.

There was originally an earth-element Eight Satellites, but he had been killed by Xu Tui on Planet X. Other than that, there were also three Seven Satellites.

Such a lineup was also very luxurious.

However, Shui Zhi and Chi Jing had chased after the Heavenly Court’s small universe previously. None of their top combat strength was left.

On the Blue Star’s side, Erera had just become a new member of the Eight Satellites. Her combat strength was outstanding, and she could fight the Eight Satellites when she was a Seven Satellites.

When she was in the Eight Satellites, although she could not face the Nine Satellites head-on, she could defeat the Eight Satellites of the same level. As for the Seven Satellites, they were the kind that could completely crush them.

Other than Erera, the strongest people on the Blue Star were the two Six

Satellites, Augustus and Anrevich. The others, such as Haydoff, Huang Gu, Ganjiv, and Sanada Zhongsheng, were in the late-stage or peak stage of the Five Satellites.

Of course, every one of these people had grown to this point. They were all genius Elites of the Blue Star. Every one of them had the ability to challenge those above their level. However, it was already good enough that the Five Satellites could fight the Six Satellites.

The Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race had a total of four Seven Satellites.

Just amongst Erera, Augustus, and Anrich, Erera could fight two Seven Satellites alone. Although Erera had the upper hand, it was impossible to obtain results in a short period of time.

This way, the top combatants of both sides were evenly matched. On the other hand, the Blue Star kept producing battle results in the battle between the normal Planetary realm and the quasi-planetary realm.

Thanks to Xu Tui first undoing the Origin Domain seal, then entering the small universe of the Heavenly Court and letting some of the Star Lord Seals return to their positions, the energy of the Blue Star and the various planets in the solar system continued to increase. The quasi-planetary and Planetary realms on the Blue Star appeared like bamboo shoots after a rain.

Before this, there were not even 50 Planetary realm experts in the various sectors of the Blue Star. However, there were more than 100 Planetary realm experts from the First and Two Satellites gathered on Ceres Star now.

This was only because they were gathered on Ceres Star. The only problem was that there were still not more than 50 Planetary realms above the Three Satellites. However, under Wei Bin’s exquisite command, these people continuously created battle results.

At this moment, they had already killed more than 15 people from the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race. Only two people from the Blue Star had died in battle.

This made Wei Bin sigh in pity. He was short of a backbone. Unfortunately, Cai Shaochu had gone to Saturn and had not returned. If Cai Shaochu had returned, with him around, they would have been able to annihilate the participants of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race today.

Of course, if Xu Tui was here, there was no need to mention it.

Just as Wei Bin was commanding the battle, a fire shadow suddenly flashed out of the vortex tunnel in the Southern Heavenly Gate.

This attracted everyone’s attention. Mental body? No physical body?

“Elder, you?” Lei Zhen, who was fighting Ganjiv, was shocked.

On the other side, Lang Fanyun, who was fighting, also had shock in his eyes. Didn’t the loss of Elder Chijing’s body mean that he had lost the battle?

At this moment, several people from the Spiritual Race were injured because Chi Jing losing his body caused them to be in a daze. One was seriously injured, and the other was injured.

On the Blue Star’s side, morale soared.

Chi Jing, this sly old fox, naturally understood what was going on. He immediately used his fire-type energy to shake the void and said, “Shang Long has already been killed. Today, we wiped out the Blue Star humans in one go.”

As soon as these words were spoken, the Blue Star side was shocked. Erera even exclaimed, “You’re talking nonsense. That’s impossible.”

“Do I have to lie? Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and I attacked Shang Long. As long as we pay a price, it’s still very easy to kill him,” Gu Ji shouted.

As soon as he said that, Erera panicked. Even Wei Bin, who was commanding the battle at the back, had his heart beating wildly. If Shang Long really died in battle, the consequences would be…

“How can we believe the words of the enemy! This Chi Jing has his physical body cut off by Mr. Shang. Now that he’s here to disturb our morale, don’t worry about them. Continue fighting. When Mr. Shang returns, destroy the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan!” Wei Bin immediately shouted in the public channel. Morale was too important in a small-scale war..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1