Chapter 1847: Shang Long I S Private Laboratory And The Power Of Assistance (2)

Chapter 1847: Shang Long i s Private Laboratory and the Power of Assistance (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He had to possess this body that was dead. He also had to use the origin power of his mental body, which was also his spiritual power, to consume about a third of it to restart the life force of this body.

The consumption was huge.

Ordinary people below the Three Satellites Planetary realm would not be able to do this. The spirit consumed to stimulate the life force of a dead body was enough to cause their mental bodies to collapse.

It was only because he, Chi Jing, had absorbed and refined many Silver Boxes of Spirit over the years, coupled with his peak Eight Satellites cultivation, that he had this possibility. He estimated that he would need at least 10 to 15 Silver Boxes of Spirit to make up for this consumption and recover his original mental body cultivation.

Only then could he recover 80 to 90% of his combat strength. However, he would have to work hard over time if he wanted to completely recover.

“Move this body to my room. At the same time, register the name and double the compensation. Also, take 100 kilograms of the Spirit Accumulation Elixir and send it to my room,” Chi Jing ordered.

On the way, Chi Jing passed by and saw Leix Zhen. He could not help but feel dejected. The Lei brothers were all trash. The forward operating base of the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army back then had everything.

There were two sets of high-precision technological cloning equipment and a nutrition chamber. If he had not lost the forward operating base, he would have been able to clone a new body. He would not have to go through so much trouble now.

Lei Zhen was a little confused by Chi Jing’s glare. However, there was worry in his eyes. The humans of the Blue Star had changed and developed too quickly. Two to three years ago, he and his brother, Lei Tian, had launched a surprise attack on the Moon and Mars of the Blue Star humans. They had almost destroyed the Blue Star humans.

How weak were the humans of the Blue Star at that time? They were so weak that they had to use suicidal tactics like the Fallen Star team to defeat the Planetary realm on their side. But now, the Planetary realm of the Blue Star was probably three to four times that of that time.

At that time, other than Shang Long, the strongest person on the Blue Star was only the Seven Satellites, Erera, and then the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

But now…

Could he live in the Fire Origin Palace? Just as he was thinking, Lang Fanyun, who had been injured in the battle, passed by. Their gazes met on the spot. If not for the strict orders, they would have fought.

The aggro between Lei Zhen and Lang Fanyun would probably not be resolved.

“Augustus, Anlevich.”

‘Yes!”

Xu Tui, who had killed nine Planetary realm experts with a single strike, returned domineeringly. He only called out these two names. The two big shots who were currently in charge of the extra -terrestrial forces of the European

Sector and the Russian Federation were like Drimarv school students who had been called out. They quickly stepped forward and agreed.

“The two of you, bring along ten Planetary realm experts from your respective families. Each of you will take turns to guard the Southern Heavenly Gate vortex tunnel 24 hours a day. If you notice the Spiritual Race coming out, warn them immediately,” Xu Tui ordered.

Although Chi Jing expressed that he wanted to defend the Fire Origin Palace to the death, there might be a possibility of him killing his way into the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He had to be wary.

“The rest of you, return to the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace. Treat the injured and recover from your injuries. At the same time, the captains of the Demon Slaying Team, prepare for a meeting,” Xu Tui ordered.

However, there were many things that had to be resolved before the meeting, especially Wei Bin. He had an anxious and puzzled expression.

Xu Tui returned alone. What about the rest of the expeditionary army? Most of the expeditionary forces that followed Xu Tui to Planet Y were elites of the Huaxia Clan. If Xu Tui was the only one who returned, the Huaxia Clan would be severely injured.

However, it would be a good thing if Xu Tui was the only one who returned. After all, they were in the Milky Way, which was hundreds of millions of miles away. It would be good enough if anyone could return alive.

Erera also looked anxious. She was worried about Shang Long, but she had regained her senses. She knew that she could not ask this question in public.

A few minutes later, the group returned to the Wood Origin Palace. Only a few people could follow Xu Tui. When she saw a suitable place, Erera became anxious. ‘Xu Tui, tell me, how is Mr. Shang? It was impossible for him to stay in the small universe of the Heavenly Court and not come out, right? Was he alright? Is he still alive?!”

Xu Tui sighed when he saw Erera’s anxious expression. He had been away for almost a year. Why hasn’t the relationship between his grandmaster and Miss Erera have a breakthrough? Was he enjoying the feeling of being in love? Or did Mr. Shang like bootlickers? Should he persuade him after he was done? He would not be able to take it if this happened every time something happened in the future.

“Mr. Shang is still alive.” Xu Tui gave Erera a positive answer.

“If he’s alive, where is he?” Erera pressed. “Can he communicate?”

Xu Tui shook his head. He knew that there were some things that he could not fool Erera with. However, he could not tell the truth. The Resurrection Seal was top-secret from now until one day in the future. It would not be announced easily.

‘Miss Erera, I won’t hide it from you. Mr. Shang did have an accident, but I guarantee that he’s still alive. However, I can’t tell you the specific situation now. One to two days. Give me one to two days. I guarantee that you will be able to see Mr. Shang,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, two days! I’ll wait two days!” Although Erera’s brain had sacrificed itself to the heavens, she had a basic judgment. She was just a little straightforward. In comparison, Erera was actually the easiest to deal with. “Commander Xu, where are the others?” Wei Bin could not help but ask..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1