Chapter 1845: Instant Kill And Breach The Fire Origin Palace (4)

Chapter 1845: Instant Kill and Breach the Fire Origin Palace (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It would not take long for the Blue Star’s research on the Great Xi Clan to make rapid progress.

In the sky, Xu Tui’s gaze was looking in the direction of the Fire Origin Palace.

An extremely thick fire spirit light screen had already risen at the entrance of the Fire Origin Palace. Moreover, the interior of the fire spirit light screen was faintly honeycomb-shaped. This could be considered the strongest defense.

In other words, Chi Jing had completely retreated into the Fire Origin Palace. Furthermore, he had taken a defensive stance and wanted to defend the Fire Origin Palace to the death.

Xu Tui instantly thought of breaking through the Fire Origin Palace in one fell swoop. However, he had to attack the heart first to break through the Fire Origin Palace. If the hearts of the people in the Fire Origin Palace were scattered, it would be easier to break through.

“Lieutenant Wei, gather everyone. Other than the necessary people who are staying behind, gather the other elites and press forward with me. Prepare to attack the Fire Origin Palace. Today, we will completely flatten Ceres Star. We will kill these invaders and clean up the solar system,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood. Pass down the regiment commander’s orders!” Wei Bin’s roar also rang out. The elites of the Blue Star cheered again. The cheers soared into the sky.

Xu Tui led hundreds of Blue Star elites and approached three kilometers in front of the entrance of the Fire Original Palace. Then, he stopped and shouted,

“Chi Jing, if you come out and surrender now, I can guarantee your survival. I can also use the Blue Star’s cloning technology to get you an extremely compatible body.”

At this moment, with the help of the power of the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing used the origin power to transform into the flame form of a real person. He stared at Xu Tui with a cold gaze and shouted, ‘We’re just going to die.

Everyone, for the glory of the Holy Ancestor, we will fight to the death!”

“Fight to the death!”

“Fight to the death!”

“Fight to the death!”

In an instant, the low morale in the Fire Origin Palace burned.

Chi Jing was afraid of death, but he could not surrender. He also wanted to live, but in this situation, if he surrendered, all of the hundreds of thousands of people in his family would probably be executed, including the hundreds of thousands of relatives related to him.

Of course, the most important thing was that with the Fire Origin Palace, he would be able to live as long as they defended to the death.

This was Chi Jing’s greatest hope and confidence.

“I’ve already slaughtered Shui Zhi. Why are you resisting?” Xu Tui shook his head and shook Shui Zhi’s remnant body out. In an instant, the hearts of the soldiers in the Fire Origin Palace trembled. Everyone looked terrified.

Compared to Chi Jing, the original owner of the body, Elder Shui Zhi, was their mental pillar.

“Kill!” Xu Tui took the opportunity and gave the order. He immediately began to lead the 300-odd elites of the Blue Star, including the quasi-planet, to attack the Fire Origin Palace. They were basically long-range attacks.

He had to break through the Fire Spirit Guardian screen of the Fire Origin Palace first.

However, Xu Tui frowned a minute later. More than 300 Blue Star elites attacked at the same time, but the fire spirit light screen only swayed slightly. This scene ignited the confidence of Chi Jing in the Fire Origin Palace, including the other Planetary realms who were afraid.

If the Blue Star could not break through the Fire Origin Palace, they would be safe.

In the next moment, Xu Tui also attacked. The earth array bombarded it six to seven times in a row, but it only caused the fire spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace to tremble violently. There was no hope of breaking through.

“Hahahaha!” Chi Jing laughed out loud. ‘Xu Tui, you’re too arrogant! You can’t break through the Fire Spirit Guardian screen of the Fire Origin Palace, yet you want me to surrender? Dream on!”

It had to be known that the SDiritual Race had 100% control over the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace. Furthermore, its attributes were extremely compatible with the scorching scene. At this moment, it was extremely powerful to defend with all its might.

Xu Tui frowned. He led everyone to continue attacking for another minute, but to no avail. Moreover, the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race in the Fire Origin Palace also regained their confidence. They actually started to counterattack through the Fire Spirit Guardian screen, causing a little death.

“Hahaha, everyone, did you see this? Hold on. As long as we hold on, they won’t be able to do anything to us! We’ll ask for help immediately. It won’t be long before the Sanctuary sends reinforcements!” While Chi Jing laughed again, he also heaved a sigh of relief.

“Commander, are we still going to attack forcefully?” Wei Bin’s expression was a little ugly.

“Retreat first!” Xu Tui gave the order. He turned around and stared coldly at Chi Jing. “Just you wait.. I will definitely break through the Fire Origin Palace within three days!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1