Chapter 1844: Instant Kill And Breach The Fire Origin Palace (3)

Chapter 1844: Instant Kill and Breach the Fire Origin Palace (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As for the quasi-planetary realm, even though the range of Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword had increased by two to three times, it was still frozen to death. Even the energy core was frozen to death, including the Two Satellites Planetary realm experts.

A spectacular scene appeared.

In the sky, the Great Xi Clan members who wanted to rush into the vortex tunnel of the small universe of the Heavenly Court began to dump dumplings. More than 30 figures fell from the sky. With a crisp sound, they all shattered into pieces of ice.

Everyone was stunned.

Wei Bin, Erera, the Planetary experts of the Blue Star, Chi Jing, the Planetary experts of the Spiritual Race, and the others were all stunned.

Damn it, he had killed nine Planetary realm experts and more than 20 quasi-planetary experts in one strike. That included a Seven Satellites, a Six Satellites, and a Five Satellites. Furthermore, they were from the Great Xi Clan, which was good at defense,

Who was here? A demon god?

Jin Ji’s energy core fluctuated irregularly. He was extremely afraid. Who was this? Why was he so powerful? He had killed 60% of the elite forces of the Great Xi Clan with one strike. How could they continue to play?

The remaining of them would only be tempting fate if they charged forward.

Wei Bin, Erera, Augustus, Huang Gu, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, Anlevich, and the others also stared intently at the figure in the distant sky. Their palms began to sweat.

He had instantly killed a Seven Satellites, a Six Satellites, a Five Satellites, six other Planetary realms, and more than 20 quasi-planetary experts. They would definitely not be able to stop them.

He would definitely not be able to block it!

“Everyone, we cant stop this powerful enemy. Prepare to retreat to the Water Origin Palace and the Wood Origin Palace to defend to the death. If there’s a possibility that either of the two palaces can be broken through, then everyone, retreat to one palace. We can definitely defend it.” Wei Bin was very calm as he gave the order.

Among the three parties, only the Spiritual Race’s Chi Jing was constantly giving orders to return to the Fire Origin Palace with all his might. This was because he was the only one who understood who this terrifying fellow who had instantly killed so many people with one strike was.

Xu Tui!

Xu Tui, who had instantly killed so many people with one strike, was also a little stunned. So lousy! Why were the Great Xi Clan so weak?

It was also because of Xu Tui’s danger that the elites of the Great Xi Clan led by Jin Ji did not dare to move. They could not retreat or advance. They could only stare at Xu Tui in fear. Then, they slowly gathered behind Jin Ji. At this moment, only the strong were their backbone.

However, what they did not know was that the backbone they thought of, Jin Ji, was also extremely afraid.

Who was not afraid of death?

Xu Tui glanced at the Blue Star and the Spiritual Race members from afar. He immediately reacted when he saw the Blue Star members begin to retreat in an orderly manner. He instantly took off his helmet. At the same time, Xu Tui’s shout instantly spread throughout the sky above Ceres Star.

“Gu Ji is already dead. If you don’t surrender, when will you?” As he roared, Xu

Tui took out Gu Ji’s body and shone it in front of Jin Ji and the others like a flag.

He was stunned! Jin Ji and the rest of the remaining Great Xi Clan were completely shocked. The executive. That was the extremely powerful executive, Gu Ji. He was actually raised like a flag by the guy in front of him. His remnant body no longer had any aura.

The battle will of Jin Ji and the remaining soldiers of the Great Xi Clan was all defeated.

“Commander! ”

“Commander! ”

“Commander! ”

Cheers suddenly erupted from the Blue Star camp. The Blue Star elites who had been worried that this terrifying guy, who had instantly killed nine Planetary realm experts, was the enemy, all cheered.

This included the Wood Origin Palace, the quasi-planetary experts in the Water Origin Palace, and other cultivators. They also cheered when they saw this scene. In an instant, waves of voices rang out. The Blue Star elites were completely excited.

“Commander… Commander Xu, where’s Mr. Shang? Where’s Mr. Shang?” Erera was anxious.

“Mr. Shang is fine. I came out first.” The explanation was too complicated. Xu Tui could only say that.

The cheers of the Blue Star elites also defeated the last bit of battle will of the remaining elites of the Great Xi Clan’s expeditionary army.

The executive Gu Ji had been killed, and there was such a terrifying enemy in front of them. They had no hope. The only choice left for them was death or surrender.

Most people choose to surrender.

Jin Ji brought the remaining Six Satellites, one Five Satellites, one Four

Satellites, two Three Satellites, and more than 20 quasi-planets to the ground.

He knelt on one knee. “Commander Xu, we… are willing to surrender!”

Just as Jin Ji was bringing everyone to kneel and surrender, a Four Satellites and a few quasi-planets suddenly roared. “We can die in battle, but we can’t…’ In the next moment, the sharp whistle of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. The five Great Xi Clan members who did not surrender suddenly fell silent.

They had been instantly killed by Xu Tui.

“If they want to be heroes, I’ll fulfill their wish! Is there anyone else who wants to be heroes?” Xu Tui’s cold voice rang out.

No one else from the Great Xi Clan said anything else.

“Lieutenant Wei, control them first. We’ll arrange for them later,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood.” Wei Bin immediately arranged for the elites to control the surrendered Great Xi Clan. Then, he sent someone to watch over them. This was the most number of captives and the highest level of experts in the history of the Blue Star.

There were five Planetary realm experts, the highest was the Seven Satellites, and a total of 20 quasi-planetary experts. Captives of this scale were extremely important for the Blue Star to obtain information about the Great Xi Clan and study them..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1