Chapter 1843: Instant Kill And Breach The Fire Origin Palace (2)

Chapter 1843: Instant Kill and Breach the Fire Origin Palace (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although Wei Bin’s remedy was a little useful, it was obvious that Chi Jing’s words had already affected many participants on the Blue Star.

For example, Erera’s battle rhythm had been disrupted. She had been suppressing the two Seven Satellites, but the situation had changed. The long-range attack of the Planetary realm phalanx was also greatly affected.

Most importantly, Chi Jing was here. Although Chi Jing had lost his physical body and only had a mental body, his combat strength was still very powerful.

Out of caution, Wei Bin immediately began to shrink his defense line. Once Chi Jing participated in the battle and there was an imbalance in the high-end combat strength, there might be a catastrophic outcome. Wei Bin had to consider this.

Seeing that the Blue Star had begun to shrink the battlefront, the morale of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan was greatly boosted. They attacked fiercely along the way. In less than a minute, many people were injured and three were seriously injured.

Among the three seriously injured people, Wei Bin had contracted his battle line quickly. Otherwise, at least one or two of them would have died in battle.

The only problem now was Erera.

Shang Long’s death had agitated Erera, causing her to attack like a crazy tiger. She no longer listened to Wei Bin’s orders.

This resulted in her being surrounded. However, it was only the siege of two Seven Satellites and one Six Satellites. Her life was not in danger for the time being. However, if Chi Jing participated in the battle, then…

Just as Wei Bin was feeling worried, he suddenly realized that not only did Chi Jing not participate in the battle, but the Spiritual Race had also begun to retreat. Some of the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race actually looked behind them in confusion. They did not understand why they had to retreat at this moment.

If Chi Jing had a face now, it would definitely be dark. He was in a hurry. A bunch of ignorant people really thought that he was telling the truth.

Chi Jing knew very well that he and Shui Zhi could not deal with Xu Tui. Shui

Zhi only had one mental body now. He would definitely not be able to stall Xu Tui for a few minutes. He had to retreat to the Fire Origin Palace in the shortest time possible.

That would be safer.

As long as they retreated to the Fire Origin Palace, Xu Tui would not be able to break through the Fire Origin Palace. They only needed to defend and wait for reinforcements. Under Chi Jing’s death order, the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race reluctantly retreated to the Fire Origin Palace.

Only Erera was pestering the two Seven Satellites.

“Miss Erera, Mr. Shang is not dead. What Chi Jing said is a lie. Don’t fall for it.”

Wei Bin’s words woke Erera up. As a result, the two Seven Satellites of the Spiritual Race quickly retreated to the Fire Origin Palace.

On the side of the Blue Star humans, they also temporarily retreated. Only the elites of the Great Xi Clan were confused.

This was not the right script. Shouldn’t they be fighting to the death? Then, in a life-and-death battle, shouldn’t they rush into the Southern Heavenly Gate vortex tunnel one by one and kill their way into the small universe of the Heavenly Court? Why was no one stopping them now?

After the others died in battle, the person in charge of the Great Xi Clan at the moment was a Seven Satellites named Jin Rui.

At this moment, the battlefield suddenly became strange.

Jin Rui shook his head and looked at the clansmen behind him. Since no one was stopping them, why did they not rush into the small universe of the Heavenly Court and meet up with Lord Gu Ji?

“Everyone, listen up. Charge into the small universe of the Heavenly Court and meet up with Lord Gu Ji!”

Jin Rui was still very responsible. He watched as his clansmen formed a formation and rushed towards the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Gate. He guarded the back in case any Blue Star humans took the opportunity to attack.

However, at this moment, a figure in a Spiritual Race combat uniform suddenly came out of the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Gate. Seeing this shadow, Chi Jing trembled in fear. ‘Quick, everyone, enter the Fire Origin Palace. Then, activate the energy screen of the palace with all your might. Everyone, turn into defense. Also, quickly transfer all the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace to me. I’ll do my best to preside over the defense.”

The people of the Spiritual Race did not understand what was going on. Was he scared out of his wits after losing his physical body? It did not seem like it.

However, Chi Jing was the commander-in-chief of the expeditionary army appointed by the Sanctuary. At this moment, everyone had to follow his orders. They immediately began to retreat to the Fire Origin Palace.

Wei Bin was also very puzzled.

Xu Tui, who had just come out of the Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel, saw a Great Xi Seven Satellites leading 15 Planetary realm and 40 -odd quasi-planetary experts. They were actually quickly rushing toward him.

Xu Tui was stunned. The Great Xi Clan was so stubborn. They actually charged at him. This behavior was admirable. So he had to pay the highest respect.

The highest respect for the enemy was the strongest attack!

In an instant, the seal of the Star Lord of Ji Shui in his mind spun slightly. The divine light of the seal entered the new star of the Blizzard Domain to increase the power of the Ice Array Sword.

The moment the cold air spread out, 11 ice array swords instantly appeared and slashed out. Before this, the main opponent of the Ice Array Sword was the Nine Satellites. Therefore, Xu Tui usually gathered his strength within a radius of dozens or 100 meters.

However, this time, the strongest was only the Seven Satellites.

Therefore, Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword covered an area of 200 meters. Eleven ice array swords erupted at the same frequency, and a terrifying cold light erupted within a 200-meter radius. It was as if it was in slow motion. With a blizzard and ice, it instantly froze everything within a 200-meter radius.

The first to be frozen was the Seven Satellites Planetary realm leading the

Great Xi Clan, a Six Satellites, seven Planetary realms, and more than 20

quasi-planetary realms..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1