Chapter 1846: Shang Long’S Private Laboratory And Assistance (1)

Chapter 1846: Shang Long’s Private Laboratory and Assistance (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

“Three days. You won’t be able to break through the Fire Origin Palace even if I give you three years!” Looking at the Blue Star humans who were retreating like a tidal wave, Chi Jing spoke arrogantly to Xu Tui, who was still standing not far from the entrance of the Fire Origin Palace.

“Three days. Just you wait!” Xu Tui made a throat-slitting gesture at Chi Jing and soared into the sky. He charged in the direction of the Water Origin Palace and met up with Wei Bin.

“Hehe, I’ll wait!” In the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing was still saying harsh words.

Firstly, he really had that confidence. The Fire Origin Palace was one of the four Origin Palaces of Ceres Star. It was said that when the ancient Heavenly Court unified the heavens, it could control the origin power of the fire of the entire heavens. It could even directly communicate with the fire origin small universe and mobilize the power of the fire origin small universe.

Although 90% of the Fire Origin Palace’s power had disappeared after the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court, it still affected the fire-element origin energy in the solar system. The fire-element power in the solar system would continuously gather in the Fire Origin Palace.

When the fire-element power in the Fire Origin Palace decreased, the fire-element power in the entire solar system would naturally gather and replenish it. It had to be known that Chi Jing had 100% control over the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace. Furthermore, it was extremely compatible with him.

In other words, if Xu Tui led the Blue Star humans to attack the Fire Origin Palace, it would be a place where their power would not be exhausted.

Unless the power that erupted could suppress the recovery speed of the power in the Fire Origin Palace in a short period of time, but that was impossible.

Chi Jing included all the forces that Blue Star knew, including the dead Shang Long. Even if they attacked with all their might, they would not be able to break through the Fire Origin Palace that they were defending.

Chi Jing had confidence. It was also necessary for him to be so confident and tough. If he did not even have this bit of confidence, their Spiritual Race’s Solar Expedition would probably collapse on the spot.

Shui Zhi’s death had dealt a huge blow to the morale of the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army. Fortunately, the Fire Origin Palace had defended this wave and recovered a little. Otherwise, it would have been over. There would probably have been people who secretly ran out to surrender.

“Don’t worry. Our Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Muyas have already gathered an army of more than ten million and joined forces to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court. With such a massive army, it would only be a matter of time before they broke through the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“At that time, the army of our Spiritual Race will be able to directly kill our way to Ceres Star. All of us will be heroes in the expedition! Defend to the death as long as we defend the Fire Origin Palace! Be a sharp sword that stabs into the backs of the Blue Star humans so that they could not support the small universe of the Heavenly Court. This was our great contribution. Hero! Every one of us will be heroes of the Spiritual Race!” Chi Jing’s tone became hot-blooded.

“Hero! „

“Hero!”

More than a thousand soldiers roared at the same time. From the Transmutation Realm to the quasi-planetary realm to the Planetary realm, every one of them began to have great confidence and enthusiasm in defending the Fire Origin Palace to the death.

Seeing this, Chi Jing heaved a sigh of relief. He could not help but feel smug. This was also why he was powerful. Otherwise, the Sanctuary would not have sent him out to take over the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force twice. In terms of controlling people’s hearts and inspiring them, he was much better than Shui Zhi.

“Alright, all earth-element lineages, continue to build battle fortifications and a portion of physical barriers. All fire-element lineages, stand guard at the nodes of the Fire Origin Palace’s Fire Origin Defense Formation and be prepared to deal with the enemy’s attacks.

“Those who are injured, recover immediately. Don’t be stingy with your life-saving pills. If you have them, use them immediately. Now is the critical moment for us.”

With that, Chi Jing quickly flew towards the morgue in the Fire Origin Palace. The corpses of their comrades who had died in battle would be collected after the battle. This was the tradition and belief of the expeditionary army. Even if they died, the other officials would bring their corpses back to their hometown to be buried. Their souls would return to their hometown.

However, at this moment, Chi Jing was searching for a body to possess. If he did not have a new body, the power of his mental body would not be able to recover. It would continue to flow away. Only by obtaining a new body could his mental body have a place to put it. Only then would it be nourished by his body and recovered.

Originally, the best body to possess was his clone body. That way, other than not being able to break through again, there would be no hidden dangers. They would also be able to completely fuse in the shortest time possible.

Unfortunately, he did not prepare this. Other than his clone body, the most suitable physical body was an expert from the fire-element lineage. The stronger the cultivation, the better.

This was because the stronger one’s cultivation was, the more their body would be cleansed by the fire-elemental energy. The more transparent they were, the faster they could recover and fuse.

It was normal. The best target for possession was a supernatural being at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Unfortunately, there was no one here.

Neither did Eight Satellites. There was a Seven Satellites fire-element, but it was alive. It was mainly because the current situation was special. Everyone was in the Fire Origin Palace. If a fire-element Seven Satellites Planetary realm cultivator died for nothing, it would definitely cause a commotion.

After all, there was only one fire-type supernatural being at the Planetary realm left in the Fire Origin Palace. Otherwise, Chi Jing would definitely think of a way to kill one and snatch his body. He walked around the morgue and only found a Five Satellites fire-type supernatural being. He felt a little helpless.

This physical body was much inferior to his original physical body.

The cause of death was that he had been beheaded. Fortunately, the corpse was intact. Furthermore, he had just died not long ago and the corpse had not stiffened..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1