Chapter 1841: It’S Easier For The Dead, Difficult For The Living (3)

Chapter 1841: It’s Easier for the Dead, Difficult for the Living (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

The beautiful concubines he found would definitely find their own ways immediately. While his children and grandchildren would lose an ancestor who could protect them, they would also live their own lives.

Only his wife, his old wife…

Also, he was suspected of being a traitor! He had not cleared his name to begin with. If he died like this again, he would really be labeled as a traitor. Then, the person who would suffer the most in the future would be his wife!

At the thought of this, Shui Zhi felt as if a knife was twisting in his heart. He had already felt very regretful previously. Now that he thought about it, he felt terrible. If he had a physical body, he would probably be in so much pain that he could not breathe.

If he died, most of the suffering would probably be left to his old wife.

Suddenly, the previous thought appeared in Shui Zhi’s mind. He had placed too much importance on his future and fame in his life and neglected his wife, who had accompanied him all the way. If he became a cripple one day, then the only person by his side could only be his wife.

“Mr. Shui Zhi, it’s time. Have you considered it?” Time passed quickly while he was thinking. Xu Tui’s voice rang out.

“I…” Shui Zhi was a little hesitant. Xu Tui only looked at Shui Zhi quietly and waited for his answer. “I… Can I make a condition?” Shui Zhi, the main elder of the Spiritual Race who had once killed countless people, was a little indecisive when it came to relationships.

“It’s reasonable. You can raise the conditions that are beneficial to both sides,” Xu Tui said.

“The news of my surrender has to be kept a secret. Otherwise, not only will everyone in my race, including my wife, be executed,” Shui Zhi said.

“Of course, if you surrender, from today onwards, only I will know about your surrender.” Xu Tui roughly understood what Shui Zhi was worried about. When Shui Zhi mentioned his wife just now, his tone and mentality were clearly different.

“Alright! By the way, you should have returned from the Spiritual Race’s Star Field, right?” Shui Zhi suddenly became extremely tempted as he sized Xu Tui up.

“That’s right!” Xu Tui nodded.

“Then… then you have to help me save my wife and some of my clansmen before I will work for you and tell you what you want to know.” Shui Zhi knew his value very well. Combat strength should not be the most important. Xu Tui must have taken a fancy to what was in his mind when he asked for surrender. After all, there were not many people in the Spiritual Race who had been an elder of the Sanctuary.

“I can promise you to think of a way to save your wife and some of your clansmen. As long as there are no accidents, I should be able to save them. However, you can’t work for me only after you save them! Instead, from this moment on, you have to work for me!

“You have to understand that the benefits are mutual. I can’t just let you not do anything after you surrender, while I’ll take a huge risk to help you save your clansmen first! Do you think I’m stupid?” Xu Tui said.

“It’s mainly to save my wife!” Shui Zhi emphasized. Then, he began to think about the words “mutual benefits” that Xu Tui had suggested. “Commander Xu, I understand my value very well. What you value should be the information in my mind, right?” Shui Zhi asked.

Xu Tui nodded.

“Then if I give you all the things in my head, I won’t have much value. I’m still counting on Commander Xu to help me save my wife,” Shui Zhi said.

Xu Tui shook his head gently. “No! Even if Mr. Shui Zhi handed everything in his head to me, it would still be very valuable. For example, buying a carcass with thousand taels of silver was a demonstration effect. In the future, I can say, look, even your main elder, Shui Zhi, has surrendered to me. Isn’t it very convenient to recruit them like this?” Shui Zhi was silent. “Mr. Shui Zhi doesn’t believe me?”

“I believe you.”

“Then why?”

“Commander Xu, don’t you know? People like me are very suspicious most of the time. I rationally think that you are right. However, I can’t completely believe it in my heart!” Shui Zhi said.

Xu Tui understood. He was paranoid. However, seeing that Shui Zhi had relented, he had to put in more effort. If Shui Zhi could surrender, it would be extremely meaningful to the Blue Star and the Huaxia humans.

Even if the Blue Star was breached in the worst-case scenario, with Shui Zhi’s opinion, they could preserve the seeds of the Huaxia humans to the greatest extent and avoid all kinds of danger.

“Mr. Shui Zhi, you can suggest a compromise and see if I can accept it,” Xu Tui said.

“A compromise? How about three questions? Before you save my wife, I’ll answer the three extremely important questions you want to know. Of course, I’ll answer some small questions. However, before you save my wife, I refuse to answer any questions or information that involve the supreme existence of my race. I could not answer either.

“I can’t even answer some extremely sensitive questions about this person after you save my wife. Moreover, I must not expose my identity or participate in the battle easily before you save my wife,” Shui Zhi said.

Xu Tui immediately understood what Shui Zhi meant by the supreme existence of the Spiritual Race. He could not answer anything related to the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui could roughly guess the reason. He was probably afraid that he would cause the Holy Ancestor to sense him and bring disaster to his family. He might even attract the Holy Ancestor’s pursuit.

More than 60 years ago, the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had killed the Blue Star Fire God, Gavro, with a point of his finger.

It was extremely terrifying!

That was under the protection of the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen. Now, the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system was getting weaker and weaker. All of Shui Zhi’s requests were premised on saving his wife. When the time came, he would not have to be afraid that Shui Zhi would not work for him.

“I agree. However, saving your wife will take at least a year or two, or at most three to five years. Three core questions are too few. Five. Other than that, everything else is up to you,” Xu Tui said.

After pondering for a moment, Shui Zhi nodded. “Sure!”

As Shui Zhi nodded, Xu Tui instantly retracted his God Slaying Sword. The Spirit Sealing Array Sword also dissipated. However, Shui Zhi did not take the opportunity to escape.

There was no point.

Previously, Xu Tui could force him into a corner when he had a physical body. Now that he had lost his physical body, it would only be easier.

Therefore, there was no need to repeat it.

Xu Tui threw out a blank Soul Crystal that he had refined after killing the Spiritual Race’s Nine Satellites Planetary realm. “Since Mr. Shui Zhi is unwilling to appear in public, you can only stay in this Soul Crystal for the time being. In a few days, I’ll recreate Mr. Shui Zhi’s body. Of course, when the time comes, I have to use some methods in Mr. Shui Zhi’s mental body,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s what I should do.” Before he entered the empty Soul Crystal, Shui Zhi emphasized, “By the way, I hope that Commander Xu can finalize the plan to save my wife in the shortest time possible. It would be best if you can set a deadline. This way, I can better serve Commander Xu.”

” Don’t worry.”

After sealing the Soul Crystal with Shui Zhi’s mental body, Xu Tui threw it into the quantum dimensional chain. He spent another 30 seconds quickly circling the surrounding battlefield. He collected the body that Shui Zhi had shattered and could no longer recover.

A portion of it could be used to clone a new body for Shui Zhi, and a portion could be used to temper. The Nine Satellites Planetary realm body had gained a lot after being tempered.

Xu Tui also collected Gu Ji’s body and Chi Jing’s body. He hesitated for a moment when he saw the Flaming Mirror. After all, this was something produced by the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race. He scanned the area with his mind power. He put several shield bags on the Flame Mirror before throwing it into the quantum dimensional chain.

He was becoming more and more cautious.

After doing all of this, Xu Tui quickly flew toward the vortex tunnel of the Southern Heavenly Gate. As the saying went, I’ll take your life while you’re down.

Currently, in the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force, Shui Zhi’s mental body has surrendered. Chi Jing had lost his physical body, leaving only his mental body to escape. He was at his weakest.

Xu Tui took advantage of this moment to think that he could take advantage of the situation to attack the Fire Origin Palace and completely destroy the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force.

This way, after cleaning up the remaining members of the Great Xi Race, the solar system would be completely clean..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1