Chapter 1854: Robbing The Tunnel And Last Retreat (2)

Chapter 1854: Robbing the Tunnel and Last Retreat (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cheers erupted in the temporary hall again.

Home!

It was finally time to go home.

“Mr. Wen, these are the tea leaves you wanted. Old Time Tea! Remember to bring more when you go on a long trip next time.”

“Mr. Qu, this is the cigar you wanted. You can smoke five to six mouthfuls in a row. There’s no need to only dare to smell it. But remember to give me money.

This is quite expensive.”

“Mr. Jagren, this is the whiskey you miss.”

“Old Cui, this is braised pork. It’s only a vacuum version for the time being.” “Xing’zi, this is the milk tea you wanted. It’s in a can. I didn’t make it.”

Xu Tui was like a treasure chest. He threw out the things that everyone liked one by one. Everyone had a share. He did not lack a single one.

Although he had only returned to Ceres Star for a few hours, with his current status and power, he had only made a list for the Pangu super quantum intelligence computer. In just an hour, these things had gathered at Ceres Star from all directions and landed in Xu Tui’s hands.

Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue an exquisite fruit plate and two boxes of yogurt. Of course, he also prepared a box of yogurt for Yanzi. Yanzi happily took it. Even though this was not something she liked to eat, at least Xu Tui had not forgotten about her.

“Everyone, according to the plan, we will go home in three days. However, we have to do something big before we go home. You guys haven’t… rusted yet, right?” Xu Tui looked at everyone and asked.

Cui Xi, who could not wait to enjoy the delicacies, howled. He waved his alloy iron rod and shouted, “Commander, give the order. My iron rod is already thirsty!”

This roar made the male members laugh. The female members of the expeditionary army laughed when they saw everyone laugh. Cui Xi had a lecherous mouth. He could make the members of the expeditionary army laugh from time to time.

“Alright, I’ll give the order.” As soon as these words were spoken, the entire meeting hall immediately became solemn and silent. “Everyone, recover to your peak state. If there are no accidents, you will participate in the battle in two hours.”

“Understood!”

As the expeditionary army members dispersed, Xu Tui gave Ah Huang an order. “Ah Huang, give me a risk assessment of the exposure of Asteroid 433.”

“Asteroid 433 is a relatively barren planet in the West Star Field of the Spiritual Race. However, it produces high-quality staple food and is a food -producing planet. It is also because of this that it is not valued, be it in terms of benefits or importance.

“Ever since we attacked it last time, there were only a Six Satellites guarding Asteroid 433. The planet’s defense power was relatively weak. There were a total of two quantum teleportation channels. Below the Six Satellites, there were two Five Satellites. Based on the overall assessment, lurking here was a low risk.

“Moreover, in the past 20 days, I had slowly invaded the civilian and military quantum networks of Asteroid 433. If the enemy discovers anything, I can warn the base immediately. The current judgment is that the risk of lurking on Asteroid 433 is extremely low,” Ah Huang said.

“Star map.”

Soon, a star map appeared in front of Xu Tui. There were two quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 433. Xu Tui and the others had destroyed them previously, but they had been repaired by the Spiritual Race. One quantum teleportation channel led to Asteroid 677, and the other led to Asteroid 399.

Xu Tui and the others had been to these two asteroids before. They were extremely familiar with Asteroid 677.

“Give me the star map of Asteroid 677.”

In the next moment, a light flashed and the star map changed again. Xu Tui and the others had already breached Asteroid 399 once. Moreover, Asteroid 399 had already been destroyed. Compared to Asteroid 677, there were more planets that led to it. Not only were there quantum teleportation channels, but there were also cosmic tunnel nodes.

Most importantly, Asteroid 677 belonged to the Northern Star Field of the Spiritual Race. Now, at least until now, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the western and northern alliances that were chasing after the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was mainly concentrated in the Western Star Field.

“Ah Huang, I brought a batch of dwarf robots and some urgently needed shielding materials, as well as large and small drone facilities. Next, I’ll leave it all to you. You’ll be responsible for the secret construction and further increase the safety, concealment, and controllability of the Hidden Base on Asteroid 433. At the same time, you can establish a self-destruction program,” Xu Tui said.

“I can do it. What I want to know is, do you want to use Asteroid 433 as a long-term base to develop?” Ah Huang asked.

“You can say that! The Spiritual Race is so big. It’s not bad to come over and rob occasionally. Of course, it’s also a way out. If… If…”

Xu Tui did not tell Ah Huang about this consideration. That was the worst-case scenario. If the small universe of the Heavenly Court had really been broken through by the alliance of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan, then the army of the three races would definitely charge into the solar system.

It was inevitable that he could not block it.

At that time, the secret base that Xu Tui had set up on Asteroid 433 in advance would be the last safe transit station for the Blue Star humans, or rather, the

Huaxia humans.

“Understood.” Ah Huang usually did not ask questions that Xu Tui did not ask.

“In addition, other than the normal residence of the expeditionary army, we can expand our survival space around and underground after the basic construction of the infiltration is completed,” Xu Tui ordered.

“I need a clear range and standard,” Ah Huang said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1