Chapter 1852: The Future’S Main Power (3)

Chapter 1852: The Future’s Main Power (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You and Jin He of the Six Satellites, release your energy cores,” Xu Tui ordered.

“This…” Jin Ji smiled bitterly.

“You’re not willing?” Killing intent appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes.

“No, I’m just a little emotional. Please do it, Sir.” As he spoke, Jin Ji took the lead to completely display his energy core. At the same time, the Six Satellites’ Jin He also displayed his energy core.

Xu Tui’s mind power landed in the energy core of the Seven Satellites, Jin Ji, and he imprinted his mental body.

At the side, Wei Bin slowly injected his not-so-powerful mind power into the energy core of the Six Satellites’ Jin He. With Xu Tui’s help, he condensed a mental mark that could explode Jin He’s energy core at any time.

Xu Tui wanted to strengthen the power of Huaxia.

Xu Tui was the commander of Huaxia, even the extra-terrestrial forces on the entire Blue Star. However, the true frontline commander was Wei Bin. If a huge battle really happened, even if Xu Tui was injured and fainted, it would at most affect his morale. It would not matter if he fainted after killing a powerful enemy.

However, if Wei Bin fainted, the battlefield would be in chaos.

Wei Bin was not strong himself. He was only in the Three Satellites Planetary realm . Furthermore, other than Li Qingping, he did not have any powerful Planetary realm experts under his command.

Xu Tui would let Wei Bin control the four Planetary realm captives of the Great Xi Clan led by Jin He. One of them was a Six Satellites, one was a Five Satellites, and two were Three Satellites. Currently, this is a very powerful force. It was enough to hand it over to Wei Bin for command and intimidate the internal and external forces.

As for the 20 quasi-planets who surrendered, Wei Bin did not need to control them. Instead, he handed them over to others to control and strengthen the

Blue Star or the Huaxia Race. Although the power of the Blue Star was one, Xu Tui was more willing to increase the power of the Huaxia Race.

Then, Xu Tui sent Shui Zhi’s body directly to Planet Kono through the quantum teleportation channel. He ordered the most advanced cloning center on Planet Kono to clone Shui Zhi’s body in the shortest time possible, regardless of the energy consumption.

At the same time, he would perform cloning intervention on the face of Shui Zhi’s clone body. The order was passed down very quickly. With Ah Huang’s clone monitoring here, it could be carried out very thoroughly.

Xu Tui had already received a message from An Xiaoxue when he returned to the newly built quantum teleportation channel. There were already two people waiting at Asteroid 433.

Li Qingping and Bu Qingqiu. They had heard Xu Tui’s orders to gather here. However, they did not know what they wanted to do. Another five minutes later, Mei Sen arrived. “Commander, what do you want me to do?” Mei Sen, who had rushed over from another planet, was still panting.

“Just wait.”

Mei Sen also waited there.

Mei Sen had a heavy heart when he retreated from Planet X with his men. Now that he saw Xu Tui return safely, he was filled with joy. A few minutes later,

“Have you handed over your rights?”

“The first-line emergency rights have been handed over to Ah Huang,” Wei Bin said.

After receiving an affirmative answer, Xu Tui contacted Erera. “Miss Erera, I’ll leave Ceres Star to you for the time being. Because of Mr. Shang, I have to leave for about a day. Please guard Ceres Star well. This concerns Mr. Shang’s safety.” Xu Tui specially mentioned Mr. Shang. As long as he mentioned Mr. Shang, there would definitely be no problem with Erera.

“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely guard Ceres Star well,” Erera said.

Actually, with her current strength, Erera was enough to defend Ceres Star well. Even if Chi Jing in the Fire Origin Palace knew that he had left for the time being and dared to attack the Wood Origin Palace or the Water Origin Palace, Erera could defend it.

On the Spiritual Race’s side, as Chi Jing lost his physical body and the spiritual treasure, the Flame Mirror, he no longer had the combat strength of the Nine Satellites. He was not much of a threat.

“Little Six, Kitawan, the two of you will guard this quantum teleportation channel well. No one is allowed to approach it without my orders.”

“Understood.”

Xu Tui had to send people to guard the newly built quantum teleportation channel. It was enough for Little Six and Kitawan to stay behind.

“Xiaoxue, you’re on the other side. Activate and magnify the quantum fluctuations of the multi-person quantum teleportation channel. I’m going over,” Xu Tui said.

On the other side, An Xiaoxue was stunned. She had thought that Xu Tui would pick them up after they built a quantum teleportation channel. She did not expect Xu Tui to come over. However, this was not a problem for An Xiaoxue.

“It’s estimated to be completed in two minutes.”

Then, An Xiaoxue called out to Jagren and took half a step into the newly built multi-person quantum teleportation channel. The experiment proved that An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Star Official Seal could amplify quantum fluctuations. No matter which side of the tunnel it was, it could amplify the quantum fluctuations in the entire tunnel.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui brought Li Qingping, Bu Qingqiu, Mei Sen, Wei Bin, and Jin Ji into the quantum teleportation channel. As for the safety of this tunnel, it had been verified on Planet White Mountain. It was very safe.

Therefore, Xu Tui was not worried at all. As for why he did not bring An Xiaoxue and the others back immediately but brought so many people over, Xu Tui had two considerations.

Firstly, he wanted to accumulate strength to break through the Fire Origin Palace. Secondly, he wanted to continue increasing the strength advantage of the Huaxia Race.

In the future, all the supernatural powers of the Blue Star would develop as a whole. However, in Xu Tui’s plan, the Huaxia Clan had to be the main body for the development of the Blue Star’s power.

In this era where individual strength was extremely powerful, there was only one possibility if one wanted to occupy the right to speak and the main position—power!

Only great power could achieve all of this.

In the power of the Blue Star, the Huaxia Race seemed to have basically achieved this. The two top combatants on the Blue Star were Xu Tui and Shang Long.

In Xu Tui’s opinion, it was far from enough. The power of the Huaxia Race would not be that outstanding if Xu Tui and Shang Long were excluded.

The Eight Satellites were empty. Currently, the Seven Satellites only had Ruan Tianzuo, whom they could not completely trust. There were a few Six Satellites in the Expeditionary Force, but Xu Tui felt that the advantage was not enough.

Therefore, Xu Tui brought Li Qingping and the others over this time. He wanted to improve them again.

Li Oin2Dinz was currentlv at the mid-stage of the Five Satellites. He was good at defense and could fight enemies above his level.

If he broke through to the Six Satellites, he would not be afraid of the Seven Satellites. If he broke through to the late- stage of the Six Satellites, he would be able to withstand the Eight Satellites. He would be the backbone of the Blue Star in the future.

Mei Sen was a fire-type supernatural being who was at the late-stage of the

Three Satellites. It was inevitable that he would break through to the Four Satellites. If he broke through to the Five Satellites, the Huaxia Race would have another super powerful fire-type cannon.

Bu Qingqiu, who had just advanced to Four Satellites, was one of the few experts in the School of General Senses. She had not gone on an expedition with Xu Tui previously. If she had followed him, she would have advanced to Six Satellites, and would have almost reached the Seven Satellites.

As for bringing Wei Bin over, it was because of the previous reason. As a frontline commander of the Huaxia Race and even the entire intergalactic battlefield of the Blue Star, Three Satellites was too weak. A Six Satellites’ attack would instantly kill him.

As the most important target of the enemy on the battlefield, Wei Bin’s strength was not enough. Xu Tui also wanted to take the opportunity to increase his strength and increase his ability to protect himself.

In the future, if Wei Bin was stronger, he would be able to command those experts more easily.

As for bringing Jin Ji, a Seven Satellites who had just surrendered, it was purely to break into the Fire Origin Palace.

The Fire Origin Palace could only rely on strength. The Nine Satellites could not be piled up, but the Eight Satellites might. Jin Ji, the Seven Satellites, might be able to pile up to the Eight Satellites.

Xu Tui could not find two more Nine Satellites in the power of the Blue Star. However, it was still possible to find a few more Eight Satellites and work hard. This was especially so for the Worldly Expeditionary Force. Xu Tui felt that he could find a few more Eight Satellites, such as Lavis or Ruan Tianzuo.

According to the calculations from before, other than Xu Tui and Shang Long, he needed at least seven more Eight Satellites Planetary realm experts to break through the Fire Origin Palace.

Currently, Xu Tui was working hard for this. Xu Tui and the others disappeared amidst the flash of the quantum teleportation tunnel.

Little Six and Kitawan guarded the quantum teleportation channel in a defensive posture..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1