Chapter 1858: Improvement And New Power Star (3)

Chapter 1858: Improvement and New Power Star (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Quantum Dimensional Chain, Energy Teleportation, Frost Puppet, and Frost Nova were all at the mid-stage of the fourth star halo. Spiritual Concealment and instantiation were both at the mid-stage of the third star halo. Hypnosis Nova was at the early-stage of the third star halo.

Including the main planet, there were a total of 13 new power stars.

Under the circumstances of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm, the main and secondary planets could control a total of 12 new power stars. There were a total of 14 new power stars. Xu Tui was still lacking one new power star.

However, if he broke through to the Eight Satellites, Xu Tui’s main and secondary planets would be able to rule over 14 new power stars.

According to his previous cultivation principle, the position of the new power star could not be completely filled.

However, he could not leave it empty. This was because in the power system of Planetary realm powerhouses, every new power star could pass through the gathering of astral power and enhance other new power stars.

With a few more power stars, this enhancement would be more.

Under normal circumstances, this enhancement could not be seen. However, if it was a battle with the top experts, even a 12% enhancement was very important.

Therefore, Xu Tui felt that he had to condense one to two more new power stars at this moment. However, which genetic ability chain could condense a new power? To be honest, there were not many genetic ability chains in his body that could allow him to choose to condense a new power star.

Especially those which had the ability to fight.

Xu Tui pondered as he injected a large amount of Origin Energy into his new power star using the plunder-type cultivation method he had invented.

Next, he’s going to attack the Fire Origin Palace, and he had to break through it. Therefore, his consideration at this moment was to try his best to strengthen the new power star that could quickly increase his combat strength.

After some thought, Xu Tui split the energy that he had plundered into four portions and strengthened the four new stars.

These four power stars were the Vajra secondary main planet, the Mountain Nova, the Blizzard Domain Nova, and the instantiation Nova.

There was no need to mention the first three novas. Only the instantiation nova was actually a neglected power star, especially those from the School of Perception Instantiation. This was a cultivation of a new star that had to be trained or even had the highest priority.

Every trace of power in the instantiation nova could allow the various attacks that were instantiated, such as the Mountain Formula, the Ice Sword, and the Ice Seal, to be even stronger.

The time needed to instantiate was shorter, the strength was higher, and so on.

Xu Tui had only realized this during his recent cultivation. Therefore, at this moment, his main cultivation was actually instantiation. This was because the room for instantiation nova was the greatest. It was only at the early-stage of the third star halo.

Under Xu Tui’s full-powered cultivation, the speed at which the instantiation nova was enhanced was extremely fast.

In the temporary cultivation hall of the Asteroid Defense Base Number 707, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was all focused on cultivating. Even Yan Wuyu participated and took the opportunity to cultivate.

Far away, Ullr was also cultivating with all his might. However, Ullr was sizing Xu Tui up as he cultivated.

At this moment, the Origin Energy was already as thick as porridge. It was dark blue and enveloped everyone. Standing here, the Origin Energy would drill into their bodies even without them actively thinking.

Even if Ullr cultivated with all his might, the concentration of energy around his body did not change.

However, what shocked Ullr was Xu Tui’s cultivation situation. The dark blue energy around Xu Tui that was as thick as porridge would disappear every 15 seconds. The energy within a ten-meter radius of Xu Tui disappeared. The surrounding energy became blank. Then, the energy from all directions quickly poured over again to replenish the energy around Xu Tui.

This speed made Ullr, who had been observing for a while, feel like he was about to fall into despair.

According to his observations, Xu Tui’s cultivation speed here might be more than 20 times that of his. In other words, a day that Ullr cultivated here was equivalent to more than 20 days for Xu Tui.

Cultivating here for a day was basically equivalent to cultivating for more than half a year in the outside world. In other words, Xu Tui had been cultivating for more than ten years while he cultivated for half a year.

This cultivation gap made Ullr feel despair for a moment. Under such circumstances, the gap between him and Xu Tui would only increase. Xu Tui would only become stronger, while he…

Ullr was speechless.

In just ten short hours, Xu Tui’s Perception Instantiation Nova had soared from the early-stage of the third star halo to the late-stage of the fourth star halo.

Two hours later, the Perception Instantiation nova reached the early-stage of the fifth star halo.

Xu Tui began to reorganize the focus of his cultivation. Once the new power star was strengthened to the fifth star halo, the speed of improvement would be slower.

Twelve hours later, other than the hypnosis nova in his body that had just been strengthened to the early stages of the fourth star halo, all the other new power stars below the fifth star halo, such as the Spiritual Concealment and the Frost Nova, had been strengthened to the late stages of the fourth star halo.

Although his main battle star had not increased much, his overall strength had increased by a large margin. He could confirm that his overall strength had definitely increased greatly in actual combat.

Under the enhancement of the many power stars, it had definitely increased Xu Tui by more than 10%.

At his level of combat strength, an increase of 10% was already terrifying.

Xu Tui’s mind power sank into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He sensed the situation of the earth vein deep underground on Asteroid 707•

He had already released the energy of the underground earth vein for more than 24 hours. Although vitality on Asteroid 707 was powerful and the earth vein was a little stronger, it was about time.

“There’s still 20% of the underground earth vein power.”

Due to the fact that they had to use a multi-person quantum teleportation channel to leave, the underground earth vein could not be drained. If they were drained, not only would Asteroid 707 become a dead star, but the quantum teleportation channel would also collapse when they were teleported.

Therefore, he had to reserve 10% of the power of the underground earth vein.

He could also take out 10% to cultivate. He could still cultivate for three hours. Xu Tui estimated the time and sized up everyone.

During this day of terrifying cultivation, many people had already broken through.

Li Qingping was about to break through to the Six Satellites, Bu Qingqiu was already at the peak of the Four Satellites, and she was about to break through to the Five Satellites. Mei Sen and Wei Bin were already at the Four Satellites.

Then, Xu Tui’s attention landed on himself. Which genetic ability chain should he condense to create a new power? There were basically no longer any main battle abilities in the remaining genetic ability chains. Most of them were supportive abilities.

For example, spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and so on.

Xu Tui entered the introspection state. After scanning the area, he turned his attention to the genetic ability chain of mental perception. He suddenly had an idea. Why not condense the genetic ability chain of mental perception into a star?

Mental perception was the genetic ability chain that was used the most. It could be said that every ability required mental perception.

Moreover, his genetic ability chain of mental perception had been developed perfectly. Back then, Xu Tui had developed the genetic ability chain of mental perception to the extreme in order to create the divine demon abnormality.

Unfortunately, he had never developed any related divine demon abnormality abilities. It should not be a loss to condense the genetic ability chain of mental perception. Not to mention anything else, after condensing a star, the suppression in the cosmic tunnel should be much less.

Xu Tui was not worried about wasting the position of a new star. Who asked him to have so many positions of new stars?

“This is it!” In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power and began to condense the genetic ability chain of men tal perception..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1