Chapter 1859: The New Ability Of The Mental Perception Nova (1)

Chapter 1859: The New Ability of the Mental Perception Nova (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the West Star Field of the Spiritual Race, on a huge meteorite about 18 days away from Asteroid 424, the third main elder, Huo Nan, suddenly took out his Ling Inquiry Disk. A communication signal rang.

It was an emergency communication from the command center of the Northern Star Field Military Region. After hearing the contents, Huo Nan’s face darkened. He then sent a signal. In less than half an hour, a fireball that was like a shooting star quickly arrived in front of Huo Nan from the desolate universe.

It was the confidentiality chief of the third main elder, Huo Rulin.

“Did you receive the report?”

“I just received it.” Huo Rulin had a heavy expression.

“What do you think?”

“Elder, is it possible that the Blue Star army that appeared on Asteroid 707 is a tactic of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to confuse the enemy? Or is it another army?” Huo Rulin said.

“When did our Spiritual Race’s border defense become like a sieve? One after another, the Blue Star troops came! If that’s the case, our Spiritual Race won’t be far from being wiped out.” Huo Nan was filled with frustration.

Originally, the encirclement and suppression of the Blue Star troops was handled by the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng. Later on, something major happened. Mu Sheng was the number one scapegoat.

And there were too many things happening at once, which alarmed the Holy Ancestor.

First, it was the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in the solar system. Then, it was the return of the ancient Star Lord that the Holy Ancestor mentioned. One thing after another alarmed the Holy Ancestor.

So he set a three-month deadline.

This way, the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng, would not be able to carry the blame alone. This was because even the Great Elder, Xu Yi, would not be able to bear the consequences of failure if he angered the Holy Ancestor.

Huo Nan, who was also an elder on duty, became the second scapegoat. He was in charge of surrounding the Blue Star invaders and reestablishing the quantum teleportation channel between the solar system and the Milky Way with Mu Sheng.

As a result, he had already led a group of experts under him and searched for the missing Blue Star Expeditionary Force with Mu Sheng around Asteroid 424. But now, they suddenly received news that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had appeared on Asteroid 707 of the Northern Star Field.

Asteroid 707 of the Northern Star Field was far away from here. Huo Nan could not understand how the Blue Star Expeditionary Force could complete such a level of Heaven and Earth Teleportation in a month.

“Elder, there are two possibilities. One is to pass through the cosmic tunnel, and the other is to use more than two quantum teleportation channels to teleport many times. It can allow the small army of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to cross Star Fields in a short period of time,” Huo Rulin said.

“Use more than two quantum teleportation tunnels to move? That’s too difficult. Not only is the defense on Asteroid 707 lax, but where is the other planet in the quantum teleportation tunnel? 424? Or the asteroids around 424? We’ve screened them several times.” Huo Nan had a frown on his face. He looked a little haggard.

Although he was a Nebula Realm expert, he had lived like a prince for so many years. This was the first time he had wandered in the universe in more than a hundred years.

“As for the cosmic tunnel, that’s even more impossible.” Huo Nan continued to deny it. “Recently, the Spiritual Race’s army has been gathering in the cosmic tunnel. If the Blue Star Expeditionary Force wants to pass…”

Suddenly, Huo Nan froze.

That was not right. There were many armies in the cosmic tunnel, but their ownership was extremely chaotic. Under such circumstances, it would be extremely easy for the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to impersonate an elite team.

There was no need to mention the combat uniform.

The Blue Star Expeditionary Force had done similar things in the past.

“Elder, Asteroid 677 is the transit planet of the cosmic tunnel node closest to Asteroid 707. On January 21st, which is ten days ago, there was a civil war inside Asteroid 677 that has yet to be investigated. The planetary chief, Qiu Nian, disappeared. An elder of the Sanctuary sent by the Second Master, Tu Yigai, and his team all died in battle. The identity of the enemy was still unknown. Could it be this?” Huo Rulin asked.

Huo Nan’s eyes widened. He looked at Huo Rulin and said, “Why didn’t you say so earlier about such important information?”

Huo Rulin smiled bitterly. “Because it involves Second Master’s men, all parties are very restrained. There are no further traces. Second Master’s reaction is also very strange. His confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, has led a large group of people to attack. It’s said that he has gone to the location of this battlefield, Planet Qinghe. Currently, there’s no further information.”

“Second Brother interfered? Could it be that Second Brother is creating resistance for us? That shouldn’t be possible. The Holy Ancestor has already spoken…” After walking around the meteorite, Huo Nan made a decision. ‘You have to be wary of others. Second Brother has been scheming all these years for the position of the eldest. He might do something. However, we could not let our future be ruined by him.

“Report to the Sanctuary that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force might have infiltrated the cosmic tunnel in my name. I request the Sanctuary to send out the Holy Guards to control the cosmic tunnel for at least two months to cooperate with us in encircling the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

“Also, inform the encirclement and suppression forces to gather at Asteroid 677 in the shortest time possible. Get the Holy Guards to lock down and control the two cosmic tunnel nodes closest to Asteroid 707, Asteroid 677 and Asteroid 784, within an hour.

“Any passer-by who passes through the nodes of these two cosmic tunnels must be completely identified and subjected to the genetic verification of their race,” Huo Nan ordered.

“A genetic verification?” Huo Rulin frowned. “Elder, I’m afraid that’s a little difficult. A genetic verification will take at least two hours. Moreover, any cosmic tunnel node is a commercial port in the Star Field. There are many people passing through and the pressure is very great..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1