Chapter 1851: The Future’S Main Power (2)

Chapter 1851: The Future’s Main Power (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I urgently need this thing now, but I might not need it in the future. Do you understand your value? Also, you should know my personality.” Xu Tui stopped talking after he finished speaking.

How could a thousand-year-old coin like Tri Ling Ding not understand what Xu Tui did not mean? It meant that since you had helped me now, he would remember this favor. When he did not need it in the future, Tri Ling Ding would have no value. He would have to do business.

From the fact that he had been following Xu Tui for more than two years, Tri Ling Ding could tell that even though Xu Tui had squeezed him a little harder, he was still a loyal person.

Therefore, Tri Ling Ding already knew what to do.

“Half a year… Three months, no, a month!” Tri Ling Ding suddenly gritted his teeth and said fiercely, “I’ll reproduce another high-level colony for you within a month. However, you have to prepare at least two to three Silver Spirit Boxes for me. Otherwise, I’ll think that my mental body will collapse on the spot.” Tri Ling Ding gritted his teeth.

Xu Tui was surprised. It seemed that he still had to force Tri Ling Ding. He had thought that half a year would be Tri Ling Ding’s limit. However, he did not expect a month. If he could have another high -level colony that could communicate at any time every month, it would really be useful during this battle.

Tri Ling Ding, this old coin, always held back. However, his actions today were sincere. He could treat him a little better in the future.

“I’ll give it to you now. A month later, I want a high-level colony.” Xu Tui threw three Silver Spirit Boxes to Tri Ling Ding.

‘l’rl Ling Ding was not overjoyed. He only smiled Ditter1Y. ‘rms time, not only did he have to spit out all the money he had earned in the past two years, but he also had to lose money. He hoped that he would be treated better in the future. “Don’t worry, Commander. The goods will be delivered on time.”

“That would be best. I don’t have much of the Silver Box of Spirit left. You should know its value.”

“I know, I know. Don’t worry, Commander.”

Xu Tui was not scaring Tri Ling Ding. In the past year, the Silver Box of Spirit in Xu Tui’s hands had only left and not entered. There were indeed not many of them left. Their stock was almost in the single digits.

A minute later, Tri Ling Ding’s main body also trembled regularly. This was the Morse code that An Xiaoxue had sent him.

“My team is safe. Are you safe?”

“I’ve already returned to the solar system. Twenty minutes later, I’ll begin to build the core of the first intergalactic system quantum teleportation core array. The construction will be completed in an hour. At the same time, confirm the safe state,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue’s voice sounded through the internal network built by Ah Huang in the hidden base of Asteroid 433. “Everyone, from this moment on, the hidden base will enter a Level 1 combat alert state. Yan Lie, expand the range of your investigation to more than 500 kilometers. Report any abnormal movements immediately. The captains and members of the other teams, end your cultivation state and enter combat state. Wait for orders at any time.”

An Xiaoxue’s order caused the entire lurking base to fall into a state of nervousness. Everyone’s expressions were solemn. No one knew what had happened. However, the tense state of the lurking base meant that something major had happened.

Then, An Xiaoxue secretly called Yanzi and Yan Wuyu over.

“Elder Yan, please set up the number one multi-person quantum array core underground immediately,” An Xiaoxue ordered.

“Alright, Deputy Commander An.” Yan Wuyu readily agreed, but Yanzi frowned and said, “Xiaoxue, you built it so quickly? Isn’t it early?”

“It’s not early. Xu Tui has already returned to the solar system.”

Yanzi froze, surprise appearing in her eyes. Could they go back finally?

Although the solar system was not her home, the base of the Worldly Demon Slayers made Yanzi feel like she was home.

On Ceres Star’s side, Xu Tui began to build a multi-person quantum teleportation channel in the Wood Origin Palace.

The Origin Energy of the world in the Wood Origin Palace was too stable. The Origin Energy of the Ceres Star was also extremely clear and stable. Coupled with the fact that Xu Tui had participated in the testing on Planet White Mountain many times, he was extremely familiar with the structure.

Xu Tui completed the construction in less than 40 minutes. He took advantage of this time to arrive at the place where the captives were being held. He saw the captives of the Great Xi Clan led by Jin Ji. He even called Wei Bin over.

“I don’t like to talk nonsense. I have a surrendered member of your Great Xi

Clan under me called Lavis. All of you know that, right?”

“I know about Lavis. Previously, he was only a quasi-planetary Leap Leader, but his cultivation quickly broke through to the Four Satellites,” Jin Ji said.

“Yes, Lavis is now at the Seven Satellites,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s impossible.” Jin Ji was stunned.

“It won’t be long before you can see him.” As he spoke, Xu Tui looked at the captives and said, “I’m telling you this because I want you to know that although you have surrendered, as long as you work hard, your treatment, future, and cultivation resources will definitely be better than your race. “Of course, it’s clear that you have to work hard and be loyal!”

Hearing this, Jin Ji smiled bitterly. “Sir, for the rest of my life, I have no choice but to dedicate my loyalty to you. Our race will not tolerate a surrenderer like me.”

“This is your best choice. However, before we establish absolute trust, I need to exert some control on you..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1