Chapter 1855: Robbing The Tunnel And Last Retreat (3)

Chapter 1855: Robbing the Tunnel and Last Retreat (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Let’s start with the basic survival base of 100,000 people.”

“Survival?”

“That’s right. Survival doesn’t require too many life support facilities. It only requires basic living conditions,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, who had given Ah Huang the latest orders, left the hidden base of Asteroid 433. When he left, he had already changed into a set of Spiritual Race clothes and taken out another set of Spiritual Race identity jade cores.

He was an earth-element supernatural being with the strength of Seven Satellites. This was Xu Tui’s current identity. Not long after, Xu Tui arrived at the quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 433. There were not many people here, so there was no need to queue.

Xu Tui’s identity was given to him by the chief of Asteroid 677. It was definitely the real deal. However, there was no guarantee that they would pursue the matter after the incident that happened to Qiu Nian.

Therefore, when Xu Tui entered the quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 433, he used his spiritual resonance, Spiritual Concealment, advanced hypnosis, and other abilities to control the guards. He used the most perfect record to pass through the quantum teleportation channel.

The inspection personnel was only a quasi-planet. He had no chance of resisting Xu Tui’s School of Radiation Influence abilities.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui appeared on Asteroid 677.

Actually, although An Xiaoxue and the others had destroyed the Fish Mountain Lurking Base here when they retreated from Asteroid 677, there was still an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel here. It was guarded by robots and a self-destruction program was set up.

However, An Xiaoxue and the others had caused too much of a commotion when they attacked the planet’s chief, Qiu Nian, Tu Yigai, and the others last time. Xu Tui was afraid that there would be experts monitoring the movements of the earth vein here, so he did not dare to use it. He directly used this method to come over.

Xu Tui did not stop at Asteroid 677. Half an hour later, he used the same method to pass through the second quantum teleportation Tunnel of Asteroid 677 and arrived at Asteroid 687 in the Western Star Field.

He did not stay on Asteroid 687 for long either. He used the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence to pass through the quantum teleportation channel. In the end, he first arrived at Asteroid 699 an hour later.

Then, through the map that Ah Huang had prepared in advance, Xu Tui set up the other half of a multi-person quantum teleportation tunnel in a cave in the uninhabited mountains of Asteroid 699. He left behind a robot and would release Origin Crystals to activate it in the future. Then, Xu Tui silently arrived at Asteroid 707.

Asteroid 707 was a planet in the Northern Star Field of the Spiritual Race. It was rich in resources and minerals. The planet was very large, but because it was developed late, it only had two quantum teleportation channels.

After arriving, Xu Tui once again found an uninhabited canyon. He released the dwarf robot and dug out a cave wall. Then, he began to set up a quantum teleportation channel.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui, who had successfully set up the array, sent a signal to An Xiaoxue through Tri Ling Ding.

Five minutes later, the quantum teleportation channel was successfully connected. At the same time, teleportation began.

Ten minutes later, when the multi-person quantum teleportation channel began to flicker, the 37 people from the Worldly Expeditionary Force arrived at Asteroid 707 with the help of An Xiaoxue and Jagren.

Yan Wuyu had the greatest reaction.

“Thirty-seven people! We can actually teleport 37 people at once. Moreover, I feel that this is not the limit of the quantum teleportation channel. Commander Xu, Deputy Commander An, can you tell me what ability or technology this is?” Yan Wuyu was about to go crazy. He had spent the rest of his life researching the technology of multiple quantum teleportation channels. However, teleporting three people at the same time was actually the upper limit.

Yet An Xiaoxue could teleport 37 people! It directly refreshed Yan Wuyu’s understanding. It made Yan Wuyu feel like he was going crazy. As for the value of this ability, Yan Wuyu had already ignored it.

“Special ability. Cannot be replicated.” Xu Tui had destroyed all of Yan Wuyu’s thoughts with just a few words. Speaking of which, the multi-person teleportation quantum array core of Yan Wuyu contributed greatly.

Although the function of An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Star Official Seal to amplify quantum fluctuations was magical, even if it was combined with Jagren’s spatial stability ability, the upper limit of teleportation brought about by their abilities was based on the teleportation ability of the quantum teleportation channel itself.

It was just like a share. The stronger one’s teleportation, the greater the share they would occupy.

If the share of teleportation in the quantum teleportation channel was 100 with the enhancement of An Xiaoxue and Jagren, then the share consumed for a Two Satellites Planetary realm would only be 1.

However, teleportation consumed four to five or even six shares for an Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

If there were an additional Nine Satellites, the consumption might be 10 or more. In An Xiaoxue’s many research, Xu Tui might have to take up more than nine portions of the teleportation.

In other words, if it was still the original quantum teleportation channel, with Xu Tui’s return, even if Jagren and An Xiaoxue worked together, they would not be able to complete the teleportation of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force in one go.

Just like before, Ullr from the Eight Satellites had to fly over himself. There was also Yan Wuyu, Li Qingping, Jin Ji, and the others that Xu Tui had brought over. Now, the core of the multi-person quantum teleportation array has at least tripled the teleportation base of the quantum teleportation channel.

In theory, with the cooperation of An Xiaoxue and Jagren, the teleportation ability of the multi-person quantum teleportation channel would also triple under their enhancement. Even if it was not three times, it was twice. The fact that he could teleport 37 people at once was proof.

Among these 30 people, there were two Eight Satellites, including Xu Tui, who was a super freak. Moreover, this was not the limit of teleportation supported by An Xiaoxue and Jagren. This was the significance of the core of the multi-person quantum teleportation array to the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

Xu Tui suddenly took out the spiritual diagram and explained the situation of Asteroid 707 to everyone. “Captains, accept the missions.

“Yan Lie, your and Wen Xinglun’s combat team will go straight to the planet’s defense base. You must succeed in the attack.

“Cui Xi, bring your combat team and launch a surprise attack on the first quantum teleportation channel of Asteroid 707.

“Zhao Hailong..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1