Chapter 1850: The Future’S Main Power (1)

Chapter 1850: The Future’s Main Power (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was no shortcut to breaking into the Fire Origin Palace.

Xu Tui knew this very well. As for assassination, luring the snake out of its hole, attacking from the front and back tunnels, and so on, they could not do it. As long as Chi Jing was not muddle-headed, he would only defend the Fire Origin Palace to the death.

He even dared to think that while they were defending the Fire Origin Palace to the death, if the Blue Star continued to attack the Fire Origin Palace or if the main force of the Blue Star charged into the small universe of the Heavenly Court, they might be able to wear down the Blue Star’s strength in their defense or take the opportunity to raid the Blue Star’s nest and obtain the opportunity to counterattack.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to break into the Fire Origin Palace. They could only rely on absolute strength to break through the Fire Origin Palace. But where did absolute power come from?

Xu Tui naturally had a plan. Otherwise, he would not have said that he would definitely break through the Fire Origin Palace in three days. He was no longer the brat who had just entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He was now the commander of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial power organization, the Worldly Demon Slayer Team.

He was a leader. Every word and action had a huge impact. If he could not break through the Fire Origin Palace in three days, he would not only be mercilessly mocked by Chi Jing, but his status and authority would also be affected within the Blue Star.

Xu Tui first crushed a hyphen, then took out Tri Ling Ding. Then, he knocked on Tri Ling Ding every ten seconds and waited for An Xiaoxue’s reply. So far, Tri Ling Ding had only split into a high-level colony. An Xiaoxue only had an intermediate colony.

The intermediate colony of the Ling Clan could not be used for communication directly, but it could be communicated through the Morse code.

Xu Tui spoke to Tri Ling Ding as he waited for An Xiaoxue’s reply. “How long will it take for you to split into a second high-level colony?” Xu Tui asked.

“Split another high -level colony? I’m afraid I can’t do it in a short period of time,” Tri Ling Ding said hesitantly.

“How long will that take? I want a specific time,” Xu Tui asked.

“Based on the current supply of resources, coupled with the fact that you have been soaking in the energy to cultivate from time to time like before, five years if it’s fast, eight years if it’s slow,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Oh, it will take five to eight years,” Xu Tui replied softly.

This made Tri Ling Ding, who was hanging at Xu Tui’s waist, a little nervous. “It shouldn’t take eight years. It might take six years.”

“About six years. I gave you such a large number of cultivation resources, let you cultivate freely, and let you enjoy the same cultivation benefits as us. You actually needed six years. Then what’s the point of having a piece of trash like you?

“In that case, if I spend such a large number of resources on researchers, I might be able to develop a mature interstellar communication system driven by energy in six to seven years.” As he spoke, Xu Tui glanced at Tri Ling Ding. “Since you can’t reproduce again, you can return to the quantum dimensional chain after today.”

Tri Ling Ding became anxious when he heard that. What kind of place was the quantum dimensional chain? It had been here before. That place was the desert. There was no energy at all. If it stayed there, it would either completely hibernate or consume its own energy to maintain its survival. It was dark and it could not see anything. There was no time or space. It was like hell.

It was unwilling to stay there.

“Five years! I’ll strive for five years to reproduce a high-level colony for you,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui ignored Tri Ling Ding. He only immersed his mind power in Tri Ling

Ding and quietly waited for An Xiaoxuets reply. Tri Ling Ding had followed Xu Tui for more than two years. He knewXu Tui’s temper very well. He did not speak and remained silent. At this moment, it meant that he was dissatisfied.

Naturally, Xu Tui’s treatment of him did not change.

“Four years! I’ll use up some more of my origin energy. In four years, I’ll give you a high-level colony that can directly communicate!” Tri Ling Ding gritted his teeth, looking like he had a deep grudge.

Xu Tui looked at Tri Ling Ding again. He did not say anything, but his gaze made Tri Ling Ding feel cold.

“Three years…” As soon as he said that, Tri Ling Ding saw the coldness in Xu Tui’s eyes. He was so frightened that he changed his words. “Two years! I’ll risk my vitality to split into a high-level colony for you within two years.”

“Two years and your vitality will be greatly damaged?” Xu Tui sneered. “Have you forgotten how powerful my mental perception is? Ordinary people can’t sense your condition with their mental perception, but the super microscopic perception in my mental perception can sense your condition. Two years and your vitality will be greatly damaged? Are you kidding me?”

Tri Ling Ding’s heart trembled. If it had been sweating, it would have been drenched in cold sweat. He felt that all of his disguises as a sly old fox were useless in front of Xu Tui. To be honest, reproducing a high-level colony within two years was not enough to severely injure his vitality.

“A year! This is the fastest speed. In a year, my vitality will really be greatly damaged,” Tri Ling Ding said dejectedly.

“You still have one last chance! Remember, in the past two years, I’ve given you a massive number of cultivation resources and the Silver Spirit Boxes. Moreover, I’ve allowed you to cultivate freely..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1