Chapter 1857: Improvement And New Power Star (2)

Chapter 1857: Improvement and New Power Star (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“What price?”

“His quantum dimensional chain has been developed. Although it’s very small, ne nas also storea a 10t or tnose Dames, Including various precious cigars ancl wine. Most of them have been contributed to Yan Wuyu. However, that’s not the greatest price,” Ah Huang said and actually laughed.

This made Xu Tui even more curious. “What’s the greatest price?”

“Sell you. ”

“He sold me?” Xu Tui’s eyes widened.

“For example, your hobbies, your relationship experience with An Xiaoxue, and some of your dark history. Qu Qingshan sold everything that Yan Wuyu wanted to know. Of course, Mr. Qu still had a bottom line. He knew what he could and could not say. Under such circumstances, Yan Wuyu is teaching him step by step. It would be strange if he can’t learn it,” Ah Huang said.

“He sold me. Mr. Qu is very good.” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes.

In the distance, Qu Qingshan suddenly shivered at the quantum Teleportation Defense Base of Asteroid 707.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui received Cui Xi’s report. He had successfully breached the first quantum teleportation channel base. A few minutes later, Zhao Hailong also reported that he had already attacked the Planetary Chief’s residence and captured the Planetary Chief alive.

However, the battle was not over yet. The civilian forces of Asteroid 707 spontaneously came to support when they saw that the Planetary Chief’s Office had been breached. However, there were not many people.

There were not many Planetary realm experts in the Spiritual Race, especially such asteroids.

“Kill!

Xu Tui only said one word to Zhao Hailong.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui slowly landed at the Planetary Defense Base 707. He inserted Ah Huang’s physical invasion chip into an interface in the data center of the Planetary Defense Base.

“Yan Lie, Principal Wen, you completed the mission the fastest,” Xu Tui said as he looked at Yan Lie, who was covered in blood.

“There are too many enemies.” Yan Lie smiled bitterly.

“Tactics, there’s still a problem with the tactics! Write a tactical report after you’re done. Also, redesign a faster and fewer loss tactic,” Xu Tui shouted.

“Understood!” Yan Lie instantly stood at attention.

“Everyone, gather at the Asteroid 707’s Defense Base in 30 minutes.”

“Yanzi, An Xiaoxue, build a multi-person quantum teleportation channel. Prepare the evacuation channel first,” Xu Tui ordered.

Thirty minutes later, Xu Tui’s Longevity Emperor Seal instantly appeared above his head. Seeing this, Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, and even Ullr activated their seals. Everyone knew that it was time to reap the benefits.

With Xu Tui’s current strength and the extent to which he had refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the star core of Asteroid 707 was captured by Xu Tui from the ground in less than three minutes. Then, it was devoured by the seal.

More than 20 beams of divine light flew out of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and into the Heavenly Court’s seal.

The auras of all the seals became stronger and stronger. Ullr even felt that the injuries that his Thunder Division’s Seal of the Righteous God had suffered previously had recovered after these few gains.

Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong’s seal had also been completely refined in this wave. They had completely grasped the Star Official’s seal in their hands.

The light soared into the sky and merged into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. It returned to the Star Official’s seal that they had successfully refined. It could be foreseen that the combat strength of these two people would also increase greatly under the enhancement of the Star Official Seal that had been completely refined.

As for the other people’s Star Official Seals, although they had not completely refined it, they would be able to completely refine it after a few more times.

However, what followed was what the Blue Star Expeditionary Force looked forward to the most.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui controlled the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the

South Pole and guided the energy from the underground earth vein of Asteroid 707 to the temporary cultivation hall that had been set up with the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array.

There was no need for Xu Tui to instruct them. The members of the expeditionary army all began to cultivate in their own ways.

Only the newcomers were confused. Whether it was Bu Qingqiu, Wei Bin, or Li Qingping Mei Sen, they had never seen such dense Origin Energy. It was too much. If they stayed here, they would be able to increase his cultivation even without cultivating.

As long as they were in such an environment, they would be able to become peerless experts in a few months.

“Don’t waste time. Hurry up and cultivate. The energy of the underground earth vein is still limited.”

Xu Tui reminded them. Only then did they wake up from their daze and quickly joined the cultivation army. They finally understood why Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Yan Lie had all broken through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm in half a year.

Under such conditions, they would be able to break through to the Six Satellites if they were given some time.

Xu Tui also began to cultivate.

This time, his mind power main planet had already reached the mid-stage of the eighth star halo without the enhancement of the other new stars. In theory, he could break through to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm at any time.

But he currently has two main planets. The Vajra secondary main planet force field had seven star halos.

Currently, his various power stars were, the mind power main planet was in the mid-stage of the eighth star halo, the Vajra secondary main star was in the late-stage of the seventh star halo. The Mountain Nova, and the Time

Distortion Nova were all in the late-stage of the sixth star halo. The Blizzard Domain was in the mid-stage of the sixth star halo, and the mental hammer was in the late-stage of the fifth star halo..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1