Chapter 1853: Robbing Tunnel And Final Retreat (1)

Chapter 1853: Robbing Tunnel and Final Retreat (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Asteroid 433, Blue Star Expeditionary Force lurking base.

Amidst the brilliance and flashes, Xu Tui brought Bu Qingqiu, Wei Bin, Mei Sen, Li Qingping, and Jin Ji out of the quantum teleportation channel. The moment they stepped out, An Xiaoxue became excited. She even subconsciously took a step forward. Yanzi, who was at the side, was also very excited.

However, An Xiaoxue did not pounce into Xu Tui’s arms. That was not An Xiaoxue’s style. Instead, she stepped forward generously and extended her hand. “Commander, welcome back.” Her tone was filled with suppressed joy.

Xu Tui was not around, and An Xiaoxue, as the deputy commander, was commanding the entire Blue Star Expeditionary Force. The safety of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was all on her shoulders.

Xiaoxue had always been reserved. She only extended her hand to welcome Xu Tui when he returned.

Xu Tui had the temperament of a domineering president as his strength continued to increase. The moment he shook hands with An Xiaoxue, he pulled her into his arms.

An Xiaoxue wanted to resist. After all, there were so many people watching. Many of them were colleagues, teachers, and seniors. However, Xu Tui’s voice transmission saying that he missed her made An Xiaoxue lose all her resistance. She allowed Xu Tui to hug her in front of so many people.

Yanzi was stunned when she saw this scene. She wanted to step forward, but in the end, she did not. There was a hint of disappointment and pain in her eyes.

“Zi’er, don’t be dejected. Believe me. From the moment a man is born, his first mission in the genetic belt is to reproduce and spread his life genes. This was a mission engraved in his genes. Therefore, when the conditions allowed it, men would communicate with more members of the opposite sex. This was the essence.

“Although they would occasionally suppress this genetic mission because of their first need to survive, as long as they survived the crisis, this genetic mission would definitely win. Moreover, the stronger the person, the higher their status, and the stronger their reproduction mission.

“Believe in me. Maintain your charm, your independence, and your personality. Then, don’t get too far away from Xu Tui, and don’t get too close to him. It won’t be long before you guys get together.” Yan Wuyu consoled Yanzi.

Yanzi looked at her grandfather in shock. Was this consolation that straight and hard-core? Why did Yanzi feel that something was wrong when they were talking about genetics? Love.

This was her love.

“Grandpa, in that case, you should have found many other women other than my grandmother, right?” Since Grandpa was so direct, Yanzi directly replied with the words of the same.

Yan Wuyu was stunned. Then, he shook his head. “Nonsense. There’s no other woman in my life except your grandmother.”

Yanzi rolled her eyes at her grandfather. “Then why did you say that genetic reproduction is the number one mission? Grandpa, aren’t you the only one who’s so powerful?”

“Uh, I’m different.’

Yanzi stopped talking. Grandpa was not comforting her. He was clearly hurting her.

Yan Wuyu looked at Yanzi and stroked his exquisitely trimmed beard. He shook his head secretly. There were some things that one could not admit after doing. No matter when or where, he could not admit it in front of anyone.

“Ah Huang, is the current situation on Asteroid 433 normal?” Xu Tui took over the command rights of Ah Huang’s main body.

“Xu Tui, you’re back! Everything is normal.” “Alright, connect me to the public channel.”

“Alright.”

“Everyone, I am Xu Tui. I have returned. From this moment on, the first command will be handed over to me by Deputy Commander An Xiaoxue. The second command will still be Deputy Commander An Xiaoxue. Next, carry out my first order after I return.”

Just as Xu Tui was about to continue, the entire public command channel was drowned out by exclamations and cheers. “The regiment commander is back?”

“Commander, you came to look for us?”

“Commander, where are you?”

Cheers instantly filled the entire public command channel. Even Ruan Tianzuo, who was on duty outside, cheered with an excited and relaxed expression. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, looked at Ruan Tianzuo in shock.

Ruan Tianzuo was stunned. “It’s a normal reaction. Shouldn’t we be happy that Commander Xu is back? If Commander Xu is back, we will really be safe. With Commander Xu back, we would not be far from home. Why? Are you unwilling to go home?”

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was speechless. What Ruan Tianzuo said made sense. He was actually speechless.

The problem was that these were not the main points. Most importantly, he felt that Ruan Tianzuo had been tamed by Xu Tui. This was what Ullr was most afraid of.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui met all the members of the Worldly

Expeditionary Force in the underground temporary hall of the infiltrating base. It was mainly to calm people down. To the current Worldly Expeditionary Force, Xu Tui’s appearance was the stabilizing force.

“You’re all homesick, right?” Xu Tui smiled and greeted everyone.

“Yes!”

“Very much!”

Many of their eyes turned red when Xu Tui said that. It would be a lie to say that they did not miss home on this foreign planet. Even if they had extreme perseverance, they were homesick at all times.

“That’s right. I miss home too. I miss my parents. I just returned to Ceres Star four hours ago. Look, I came to pick you up..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1