Chapter 1860: The New Ability Of The Mental Perception Nova (2)

Chapter 1860: The New Ability of the Mental Perception Nova (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

“Moreover, most of the people behind those giant businesses have…”

“All those above the Three Satellites have to undergo genetic verification of their race. If anyone has any objections, ask them to look for me. I’ll discuss it with them personally. Which is more important, their time or the future of a third-ranked elder like me?” Huo Nan said.

“Understood!” Huo Rulin had a cold expression. He immediately understood what he had to do. “What about Elder Mu Sheng?”

“I’ll inform him.” He suddenly turned into a flash of fire and instantly disappeared into the vast universe. He had already rushed to the nearest asteroid.

On the meteorite, because there was no earth vein, it was impossible to build a quantum teleportation channel. It had to be a place with a star core earth vein to build a quantum teleportation channel.

Soon, Huo Nan contacted the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng, who was also overwrought. After such a long time, Mu Sheng was already a little pessimistic.

“It will take at least three to five days for us to arrive at Asteroid 677. It will be too late when we rush over. I feel tired of running and being played.” Mu Sheng suddenly sighed. He was a little tired. During this period of time, he had failed time and time again, causing Mu Sheng to lose all his confidence.

“I’ve already asked the Sanctuary to mobilize the Holy Guards and blockade the surrounding cosmic tunnels. Moreover, even if they use multiple quantum teleportation channels, they won’t be able to complete the teleportation in a short period of time. Unless they invented a multi-person quantum teleportation technology that we did not invent. Don’t worry, they won’t be able to escape this time.”

After saying that, Huo Nan encouraged Mu Sheng, “Old Mu, we brothers are unlucky to have encountered this. Now, everyone is looking forward to our misfortune and waiting for the Holy Ancestor to remove us from our position as the main elder. Everyone is waiting to see us make a fool of ourselves.

“We have to pull ourselves together and destroy this Blue Star Expeditionary Force. As long as you have one survivor, you should know the contribution. At that time, we’ll take another step forward. We’ll slap these bastards’ faces one by one!” Huo Nan said heroically.

Mu Sheng, who had been dejected, also pulled himself together. “Alright, Third Brother, I’ll listen to you! This time, we must not let those guys who are waiting to see us make a fool of ourselves.”

“Then act according to the plan and mobilize all the forces under you. There’s not much time left for us.”

“Okay!”

While the Spiritual Race was searching for the elite forces of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force in the Western Star Field and rushing to Asteroid 677 at full speed, Xu Tui’s 14th new power star, the mental perception nova, had just been condensed.

Xu Tui could not be more comfortable with the matter of condensing a new star. Under the suppression of the powerful mind power, there was definitely no possibility of failure. There were a total of 11 Genetic Base Points in the genetic ability chain of mental perception. There were only a few of them.

Moreover, his mental perception ability had mutated.

After activating the Genetic Perception Ability Chain, only a small number of people would directly activate the introspection ability. Then, after their cultivation broke through to the Transmutation Realm, those who did not obtain the introspection ability would obtain it.

However, Xu Tui was different. Not only did he activate his introspection ability, but he also obtained a further illusory introspection ability. It looked like there was not much of a difference, but the actual effect was huge. His current cultivation speed and powerful combat strength were mostly related to the illusory introspection.

Not only that, but in order to develop the divine demon abnormality, he had also developed it to the extreme when his internal circulation was perfect. This allowed his mental perception to reach the early stage of the second star halo.

Xu Tui felt that the range of his mental perception had increased greatly the moment it was condensed. The maximum mental perception range of 7,000 meters had now become 8,000 meters. The first star halo had increased by 500 meters.

This change was not strange at all. If there were no such changes after his mental perception condensed the star, it would really become a useless star.

Xu Tui was looking forward to seeing if any new abilities would appear. But then again, if the only change brought about after the genetic ability chain of mental perception condensed the star was to increase the range of his mental perception, then this new star would be useless.

Of course, it was nothing to Xu Tui.

There were many positions of the new star, and the range of his mental perception was wide. This meant that the range of the battle was wide. There were benefits, of course. But he would not recommend condensing the genetic ability chain of mental perception into a new star for other Blue Star cultivators.

Xu Tui had been preparing a Blue Star Planetary realm cultivation guide recently.

He gathered the cultivation experience of the top Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star, then wrote up the mistakes they encountered during their cultivation and distributed them to the Planetary realm, quasi-planetary realm, and Transmutation realm powerhouses on the Blue Star. It’ll let them make fewer mistakes in the future and take fewer detours.

For example, the instantiation genetic ability chain could allow most supernatural beings at the Planetary realm to condense stars. It could greatly increase the upper limit of their abilities.

For example, from now on, they had to strengthen the training of superb individuals in the School of Radiation Influence on the Blue Star.

This was also the responsibility of the pioneers.

Xu Tui absorbed the thick energy to strengthen the mental perception nova that only had a second-level star halo. He activated the mental perception nova to see if there were any changes after it condensed the star.

A few seconds later, his brows suddenly moved. It seemed a little different..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1