Chapter 1863: Eight Satellites Combat Power (2)

Chapter 1863: Eight Satellites Combat Power (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This time, the moment the mental perception nova spread out, the spiritual resonance nova became excited again. Not only did the internal power circulation speed up, but it also shone brightly.

Under the envelopment of his mental perception, the spiritual resonance nova seemed to have been strengthened to a certain extent.

Xu Tui activated the spiritual resonance nova and mental perception nova at the same time and spread them out in all directions. It seemed that he did not notice anything unusual.

Among everyone present, including Ullr, the feedback from the spiritual resonance was that there was no malice. However, Ullr was clearly more wary of Xu Tui. He could sense this with his spiritual resonance and mental perception.

“I still haven’t reached the level of triggering a qualitative change. I’ll continue to strengthen it.”

In an instant, Xu Tui once again began to plunder a large amount of Origin Energy into his body. He began to strengthen the spiritual resonance nova. He stopped cultivating after strengthening it for half an hour before he could strengthen the spiritual resonance nova to the second level of the star halo.

This was because 90% of the energy in the underground earth vein of Asteroid 707 had been consumed. The remaining 10% was the lowest warning line. Only when there were 10% of the earth vein left could the quantum teleportation channel operate normally. This was even if they invested a large number of Origin Crystals.

If the power of the underground earth vein was less than 10%, the quantum teleportation channel might collapse during the teleportation. At that time, even gods would not be able to save him.

Therefore, Xu Tui could only temporarily stop cultivating.

In an instant, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole retracted and landed back in his body.

Less than five minutes after the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole stopped absorbing the power of the earth vein, the concentration of energy in this temporary cultivation hall had changed from hundreds of times to a barren state.

This change was too great. It was as if it had suddenly gone from being an emperor to a beggar. All the expeditionary army members opened their eyes and looked at Xu Tui. Their eyes were filled with anticipation.

This was especially so for Li Qingping, Wei Bin, Mei Sen, Bu Qingqiu, and the others, who were trying to cultivate like this for the first time. They looked like they had not had enough. For example, Li Qingping was just a little short of breaking through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm. However, the energy was gone! He was anxious.

“Cultivation is temporarily stopped. Continue to collect spoils of war and search for Origin Crystals and various strategic resources in the government vaults of the various cities on Asteroid 707. The time limit is three hours! Those who dare to resist during the collection process, kill!” Xu Tui gave the order.

Under such circumstances, Li Qingping and the others could only carry out the orders. At the same time, Xu Tui focused all of his enhancements on his mental perception. Then, he spread out his mental perception.

In an instant, the force fields of all the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force appeared in front of Xu Tui. He could see the cultivation progress of all the new stars in the expeditionary army.

Ruan Tianzuo was already at the late-stage of the seventh star halo. If he cultivated like this again, he should be able to break through to the Eight

Satellites Planetary realm.

As for Ullr, he was almost at the peak of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

Lavis was also at the late-stage of the Seven Satellites. Jin Ji was originally at the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites. After cultivating for a while, he also reached the late-stage of the Seven Satellites. However, his cultivation progress was a little slower than Lavis.

If he did it again, he should have no problems breaking through to the Eight Satellites.

He had another two more of the Eight Satellites who could attack the Fire Origin Palace.

Currently, there were already four on the Blue Star Expeditionary Force’s side.

An Xiaoxue was currently at the peak of the Six Satellites. She was almost able to break through. With her cultivation speed, it should be possible for her to cultivate to the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites.

Although she had not broken through to the Eight Satellites, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion and Dimensional Slash seemed to ignore defense. She had the ability to challenge those above her level.

This way, An Xiaoxue could be considered an Eight Satellites.

That was five.

As for the others, although their cultivation progress was gratifying, most of them were advancing from the Five Satellites to the Six Satellites. It was possible for them to break through to the Six Satellites in another round.

The only people that Xu Tui looked forward to were Qu Qingshan and Zhao Hailong.

Qu Qingshan was currently in the mid-stage of the Six Satellites and was close to the late-stage of the Six Satellites. He had the possibility of breaking through to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

Similarly, Qu Qingshan, who had learned the Fire Dragon Array, could unleash combat strength that far exceeded that of an ordinary Eight Satellites Planetary realm. He could be considered an Eight Satellites.

He had six Eight Satellites now.

Zhao Hailong’s spatial silver spear had outstanding combat strength, but it was a short-range ability. Currently, Zhao Hailong was at the late-stage of the Five Satellites Planetary realm. He had the possibility of breaking through to the Six Satellites.

After breaking through, he might be able to unleash combat strength equivalent to the Eight Satellites, but he would not be able to release it onto the battlefield of the Fire Origin Palace. This was because the possibility of Zhao Hailong being killed by concentrated fire in close combat was too high.

Wen Xinglun was already a Six Satellites. However, even with the enhancement of the lightning seal, he would not be able to unleash the combat strength of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm before he broke through to the mid- to late-stage of the Seven Satellites.

He was at least two short of the Eight Satellites. It would be safer if he had three more.

On Ceres Star, Erera was one of them. Then he was still short of one to two

Eight Satellites. However, Xu Tui could not figure out where the other two Eight Satellites were. If he was short of two Eight Satellites, he would need at least six to seven Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts to replenish them.

The Seven Satellites Planetary realm was also inferior. However, this difference should be made up for by numbers..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1