Chapter 1864: Eight Satellites Combat Power (3)

Chapter 1864: Eight Satellites Combat Power (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In addition, the leakage of the others’ combat strength could also make up for it. It was still possible to break through the Fire Origin Palace in three days. Moreover, Xu Tui had other methods.

Three hours later, all the combat teams returned and swept through Asteroid 707. Basically, they obtained all the strategic resources they could snatch away. During this time, he killed more than a hundred resisting quasi-planetary and transmutation realms.

Including the gains from the planet’s Defense Base at the beginning, the Blue

Star Expeditionary Force had obtained more than 230,000 grams of Origin Crystals on Asteroid 707. Excluding the cost of going back and forth through the quantum teleportation channel, he would earn at least 200,000 grams.

Indeed, plundering alien species was the fastest way to get rich. Other than that, there was also a large number of rare cosmic materials. This was especially so for Asteroid 707. It produced ores and resources. Unfortunately, not many could be taken away.

Xu Tui’s gaze swept past the supernatural beings and Planetary realm experts. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Mu Xingluan, Miao Huanshan, Dai Lijun, and the others shivered. “In a month, if any of you can’t double the size of your quantum dimensional chain space, don’t participate in the next expedition.”

In order to bring along a lot of resources during the expedition, Xu Tui had personally taught them one by one. He had allowed many supernatural beings at the Planetary realm in the expedition to activate the quantum dimensional chain.

However, most of the space was relatively small.

For example, Li Zheng, who had activated it the latest, only had a quantum dimensional chain space of three cubic meters. She could only stuff a small three-phase thermal bomb and a portion of her living resources into it before it was full.

The moment Xu Tui said that, the members became extremely nervous. The other punishments did not matter. They would just suffer a little. However, if they were not allowed to participate in the next expedition, they would suffer a huge loss.

The Five Satellites Planetary realm was a watershed. After the Five Satellites Planetary realm, the cultivation would become slower. Without the super abnormal concentration of cultivation during the expedition, it would take at least three to five years to cultivate normally.

If they missed one, they would pull others far away. If they were lacking two to three times, they would probably never be able to catch up to the difference between them and their comrades. It was too painful to not be able to take away so many spoils of war.

“Xiaoxue.” Xu Tui glanced at An Xiaoxue and did not say anything else. However, An Xiaoxue instantly understood what he meant. Of course, the others did not understand what Xu Tui meant.

In An Xiaoxue’s force field, the seal of the Cow that was floating above her mental body suddenly shone brightly under her full power. All of An Xiaoxue’s power was injected into the seal. Thirty seconds later, she nodded gently at Xu Tui. Then, she sent a word through mental voice transmission, “Auspicious!”

“Let’s go into the quantum teleportation channel. Ah Huang, control the two fighter jets to fly into space. Then, set the self-destruction program and mislead the enemy. Yang Huai, detonate two three-phase thermal bombs for three minutes in a row.”

Order after order was carried out. A minute later, everyone stepped into the quantum teleportation channel. Ten seconds later, everyone disappeared. The empty Asteroid 707 Defense Base immediately fell silent. Only the silent countdown was ringing.

The two Aerospace Combat Jets that Xu Tui had moved over from Ceres Star and had already withdrawn from the fron tline battle soared into the sky. Not long after, they disappeared into space.

Then, it was seen and recorded by someone from Asteroid 707.

Of course, Xu Tui did not need to rely on this to mislead the enemy’s main force into searching the outer space of Asteroid 707. But it was good if he could delay the enemy for some time.

Not long after, the three-minute countdown arrived. The heat from the explosion of the two three-phase thermal bombs destroyed more than half of the planet’s defense base. Only a few defensive attacks were left.

As for the trajectory of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, the remnant biological information, including the quantum teleportation channel and the remnant fluctuations of the quantum teleportation channel, all turned into nothingness in the terrifying energy explosion caused by the three-phase thermal bomb.

Even a Nebula Realm expert would not be able to sense anything. The Blue Star Expeditionary Force had already appeared on Asteroid 699, which they had stepped on previously.

Asteroid 699 still belonged to the Northern Star Field of the Spiritual Race. It was a relatively comprehensive planet. However, because of the size of the planet and the reason why the Northern Star Field had mobilized elite soldiers to surround the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, the garrison of Asteroid 699 was very weak.

Of course, it was relative to the current Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

There were only two Six Satellites.

“Alright, all combat teams, set off immediately and complete your combat missions. As for the guardians who are following the team, they are only allowed to attack if they discover a power that exceeds two levels of cultivation or if their lives are in danger. Otherwise, you will be punished according to military law,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood!”

In an instant, the various combat teams of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force pounced in all directions like ferocious tigers. There were still four targets. Two quantum teleportation channels, a planetary defense base, and a planetary chief’s residence.

Ah Huang also began to remotely hack into the civilian quantum network of Asteroid 699 through the clone program that had been spread a long time ago. Comparatively, it was easier to hack into the civilian quantum network.

In less than five minutes, they completed the initial invasion and began to search for big data.

“Xu Tui, the big data search has discovered that the two quantum teleportation channels on Asteroid 699 are both in the cooldown period of teleportation. Reinforcements might arrive,” Ah Huang said.

“Okay, inform all units to report to me immediately and retreat defensively if they discover the Nine Satellites,” Xu Tui ordered. It was not surprising that reinforcements would arrive on Asteroid 699 in a day and a half.

Asteroid 699 was close to Asteroid 707, which had been breached previously. After the news of Asteroid 707 being breached reached the military district of the Northern Star Field, strengthening the defense of Asteroid 699 was fundamental.

Xu Tui had already expected this. At most, two powerful reinforcements would come. Asteroid 699 only had two quantum teleportation channels. In other words, the strongest would only be two Nine Satellites.

With the current strength of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, they could deal with two Nine Satellites.

Five minutes later, not long after the battles between the various combat units began, Xu Tui knew the level of the reinforcements.

There were two more powerful Planetary realm experts on Asteroid 699 than in the intelligence. One was an Eight Satellites, and the other was a Seven Satellites.

Xu Tui was a little speechless. These reinforcements were completely sending themselves to their deaths. The two combat teams they encountered even took the initiative to ask the guardians that Xu Tui had sent over to retreat. They were not allowed to take the initiative to interfere in the battle.

There was no need for Xu Tui to even move out. This also meant that most of the elite forces in the Northern Star Field should not be around. It should take some time to transfer back.

The word ‘auspicious’ that An Xiaoxue had obtained from activating the seal of the Cow Seal was also reliable. In the end, other than the Eight Satellites

mobilizing their guardians, that Seven Satellites was directly killed by the combat team.

An hour later, all the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force arrived at the Planetary Defense Base of Asteroid 699. They stared at Xu Tui with shining eyes in the temporary cultivation hall where he had already set up the Seven Star Energy Gathering Array.

They were just waiting for Xu Tui to use his mysterious ability to gather energy for them.

The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew up again. Ullr had long sent out his lightning seal of the Righteous God. He was also a little emotional as he waited for that trace of gain.

Back then, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was only a few steps away from him.

What a pity. Xu Tui was already extremely familiar with capturing the star core of Asteroid 699 and extracting the origin energy of the earth vein. When the boundless Origin Energy gathered in the temporary cultivation hall where the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array was set up, everyone had already begun to cultivate hungrily.

As for the issue of security, it had been handed over to Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and the other guards of the Heavenly Court.

At the same time, Xu Tui began his predatory cultivation again. In just an instant, the spiritual resonance nova broke through from the peak of the first level to the second level.

Xu Tui only sensed it slightly and knew that it was not enough. He then continued to cultivate the spiritual resonance nova. Today, he had to make this matter clear!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1