Chapter 1867: Combination Technique And Home For The New Year (3) Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Chapter 1867: Combination Technique and Home for the New Year (3)                                                                                  Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

At that time, the junior genetic cultivators of the Blue Star would definitely be able to step on the Spiritual Race and punch the Muyas. However, a few minutes later, Xu Tui poured a bucket of cold water on himself.

This combination skill was too difficult to explore.

Basically, there had to be more than two novas that had been condensed to above the third or fourth level of the star halo before there was a possibility of discovering a combination skill. It was hard to say what combination it was as well.

He did not know the pattern yet, but the pattern of mental perception and spiritual resonance was actually related to the release of mind power. Mental perception and spiritual resonance had this in common.

If that was the case, it would be the easiest for abilities of the same type to be combined into divine powers because they had the most common points. That might not be the case, too. Support abilities might also be combined with main battle abilities to form divine powers.

Xu Tui would not be able to complete the exploration of combination technique alone. No matter how strong he was and how well he could cultivate, he only had a dozen or so novas at most. How many combination abilities could he test out?

However, the collective strength was huge. Once anyone in the Blue Star Expeditionary Force combined a divine power, their combat strength would definitely soar.

Xu Tui immediately prepared to tell some of the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. That was because he realized that this combination ability required a certain level of foundation.

For example, a nova might have to reach the third level of the star halo or above. Moreover, there were more than three to five novas in the body before there was any point in researching them. Otherwise, there was no point in researching them.

For example, the Three Satellites, the Four Satellites, and even the Five

Satellites did not have the meaning of studying this combination ability.

According to Xu Tui’s current preliminary research, his combination of psychic mind reading was based on the foundation of condensing the mental perception nova into the sixth star halo, and four star halos of the spiritual resonance.

In terms of classification of characters, of the two novas that combined his psychic mind reading, the mental perception nova was the combination auxiliary star, and the spiritual resonance nova should be the combination main star.

From his psychic mind reading, he had more requirements for the auxiliary stars.

“Six Satellites Planetary realm!” Xu Tui first drew out a basic range. He only told the powerhouses above the Six Satellites to try to combine divine powers when they were free. As for those below the Six Satellites, he would not tell them this news. It would be a waste of their energy if he did.

Then, Xu Tui used his consciousness to send a voice transmission to a few people who met the requirements. There were not many people in the beginning. As the Blue Star Expeditionary Force cultivated from Asteroid 707 to Asteroid 699, there were many people who met the requirements.

For example, Yan Lie, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Li Qingping, Jagren, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others. In a few hours, Wen Shao, Wen Xinglun, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Yang Huai would probably be qualified.

Before this, most of the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force were at the early stages of the Five Satellites. Only a few of them were Four Satellites. After cultivating diligently for this period of time and following Xu Tui on two planets, most of them would be able to break through to the Six Satellites.

Xu Tui told Ruan Tianzuo. However, he had held back for the time being and did not tell Ullr about the combination of divine powers.

It was mainly because he was worried about something. With Ullr’s personality, even if he combined a new divine power, he would probably not tell Xu Tui. Instead, he would hide it and use it as a trump card.

However, Xu Tui changed his mind after a few seconds. He could read minds. Now, with his psychic mind reading, it was useless for Ullr to hide. If Ullr could really form a lightning-type divine power among the many supernatural abilities, it would really benefit the Blue Star.

Xu Tui could definitely use his influence to create a few powerful lightning-type superb individuals with lightning-type combination abilities within a few years.

It was better to tell him.

“Commander, is there such a combination change?” Ullr was shocked when he heard Xu Tui’s exDlanation. Then, he asked. “Commander. there’s never such

content in the cultivation books of the Blue Star. Were you the first to discover this?”

“You can say that.” Xu Tui did not deny it.

“Then what kind of divine power did you form, Commander?” While Ullr was shocked, he asked curiously. Xu Tui was already so strong now. If it was as he said, how strong would he become if he combined such a powerful divine power? In an instant, not only was Ullr jealous, but he also felt a little despair. Xu Tui, who had obtained the combination ability, was too powerful.

“You’ve already seen it before, ” Xu Tui said.

“Teleportation? Or the ability to kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse?” Ullr asked.

Xu Tui smiled noncommittally. Then, he instructed Ullr, “Ullr, you have many abilities. You have hope of forming a divine power. If it’s combined, you must remember to tell me. In the future, when I promote it on the Blue Star, not only will it greatly increase the combat strength of a lightning-type supernatural being, I will let you name this divine power and leave your name in history.”

“Commander Xu, don’t worry. Such an ancient matter can’t be found even with a lantern. If I discover any related combination of divine powers, I will definitely report it to you immediately,” Ullr said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1