Chapter 1861: The New Ability Of The Mental Perception Nova (3)

Chapter 1861: The New Ability of the Mental Perception Nova (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Now, his mental perception was even more sensitive to the auras of others. As long as one entered the range of his mental perception, he would be able to clearly sense the aura of his cultivation.

At the same time, Xu Tui could clearly sense some special auras. He noticed the abnormality because of the Lord of Myths, Ullr. There were three abnormal auras in the body of the Lord of Myths, Ullr. This was something that he had never noticed before.

Xu Tui was more familiar with one of the three auras. He understood after some thought. That should be the seal of the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

Three? Xu Tui was shocked. In other words, there were two other seals in the body of the Lord of Myths, Ullr. This fellow had never displayed it before.

Ullr had hidden it well. What would the other two seals be? Was there a resurrection seal?

Xu Tui’s suspicion was completely possible. Moreover, it made sense that Ullr had three seals. Ullr gave Raymont a resurrection seal, as well as the thunder seals to his two previous subordinates. It was very normal for Ullr to refine three seals himself since he had so many seals.

Just like Xu Tui now, he had refined six to seven seals himself. If Ullr had three seals, one of which was the Seal of the Righteous God of the Thunder Division, and the other was most likely the seal of resurrection, what would the third seal that Ullr had be?

Perhaps it was because Xu Tui’s mental perception was too strong, but Ullr noticed something strange at this moment. He realized that Xu Tui was paying attention to him. While he was shocked, he smiled at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui gestured slightly, but his eyes were cold. After returning this time, he would have to remove the hidden danger of Ullr. With his current strength, it would not be a problem for him to kill Ullr. The only problem was Ullr’s lightninz-tvpe supernatural beinz speed and the other two hidden Heavenlv

Court seals.

During this process, Xu Tui’s mental perception nova broke through from the early-stage of the second level to the early-stage of the third level. Suddenly, Xu Tui felt a slight change in his mental perception.

There was an indescribable change. He suddenly became stunned again when he focused.

Ullr, who was only about a thousand meters away from him, suddenly changed in his mental perception. He suddenly saw an illusory small new star force field when he was observing Ullr with his mental perception.

The main star was a main star that was flickering with lightning and had a ferocious aura. There were eight new power stars below that were revolving around the main star that was flickering with lightning.

Four of the power stars flickered with different lightning.

Lightning-type Eight Satellites Planetary realm. Including the main planet, there were at least five lightning-type supernatural abilities.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. Surprise surged in his heart. The abilities brought about by the mental perception nova after condensing a star were actually very powerful. It was not useless at all. It was simply a divine artifact that knew its enemy.

Xu Tui sensed carefully. He could even see the level of the star halo of every new star in Ullr’s force field.

The main planet was already at the late-stage of the eighth star halo. It was just a little away from the peak of the eighth star halo. The weakest new star was also at the mid-stage of the fourth star halo.

Ullr was very powerful. He was stronger than Xu Tui had expected. Among them, there were two supernatural novas. They were both at the peak of the seventh star halo. If not for the limitations of the main planet, they would have already reached the eighth star halo.

Just this point alone made Ullr stronger than many Eight Satellites.

Xu Tui could tell at a glance whether they were elites or noobs under the ability of mental perception. His long-term men tal perception once again made Ullr feel that something was amiss. He looked at Xu Tui nervously, but Xu Tui ignored him. He felt that he could see more clearly. However, no matter how hard he tried to activate the mental perception nova, he could not see it clearly.

Xu Tui, who was experienced in cultivation, already understood that this might be because the cultivation level of the mental perception nova was not high enough.

If he strengthened his mental perception by one or two levels, he might be able to see more clearly. In the next moment, Xu Tui shifted his mental perception away from Ullr. This made Ullr heave a sigh of relief. He had been a little afraid just now. He was afraid that Xu Tui would suddenly attack him. Otherwise, why would he stare at him?

Xu Tui, who had spread out his mental perception, realized that as long as he activated the mental perception nova and focused on sensing the target for about a second, he would immediately be able to see the other party’s new planet force field.

Some people were fast, while others were slow. After studying it, Xu Tui realized that he could see the force field of superb individuals with powerful mind power much slower when he used his mental perception. It was not too clear.

Cultivators with weak mind power, such as those from the Extreme Branch like Yan Lie, and the others’ force fields were almost instantly in front of Xu Tui.

After some thought, Xu Tui understood that this was not a new ability of mental perception. Instead, it was the release of his original ability. He released his introspection. Originally, introspection could only target him. Now, his mental perception after he condensed the star had turned others into him to a certain extent. He could use introspection.

Xu Tui was the first to discover this characteristic. He was certain that he was definitely the first person on the Blue Star to condense the genetic ability chain of mental perception into a new star. He might even be the first person in the Spiritual Race to do this.

As for the supernatural abilities used in battle, he did not need much. He only needed to specialize in two or three to four of them.

What if he could also release his illusory introspection?

Xu Tui could not help but feel his heart skip a beat. If he could release his illusory introspection, then the cultivation secrets of others, especially the genetic ability chain of special abilities, would be exposed to Xu Tui. Xu Tui would be able to see through them at a glance.

At that time, this ability would be an extremely powerful divine artifact, be it used to fight enemies or to assist in cultivation.

The mental perception nova was a very valuable new star.

Xu Tui felt that he should look at the configuration of An Xiaoxue and the others’ power stars after he was done. If possible, they could also condense their mental perception genetic ability chain into a nova.

As for the supernatural abilities used in battle, he did not need much. He only needed to specialize in two or three to four of them.

What was important was quality, not quantity. In that case, were these the only abilities of the mental perception nova?

Xu Tui began to try to use the other new stars to increase his mental perception nova to see if there were any changes. There were no changes to the other abilities when they enhanced his mental perception nova.

However, when Xu Tui used his other power stars to increase his mental perception nova to six star halos, a strange thing happened..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1