Chapter 1869: The Spiritual Race’S Killing Plan (1)

Chapter 1869: The Spiritual Race’s Killing Plan (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The words “Chinese New Year” and “home” immediately filled the expectations of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. This was especially so for the Blue Star Expeditionary Force from Huaxia. All of them wanted to grow wings and fly back to the Blue Star immediately.

This feeling of returning home like an arrow was exceptionally strong in the distant outer space of the distant alien planet.

“As usual, three hours. We’ll sweep through another wave and take away all the precious resources we can take away. This was especially so for the materials and plant samples that our solar system did not have, as well as the things in the Spiritual Race’s planet’s armory. Before we left, I requested everyone to carry a minimum of one ton of load. But things that occupy too much space are excluded.”

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui gave the order, the various combat teams of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force dispersed under the lead of their captain. Only Wei Bin, Jin Ji, and Lavis were left. They did not disappoint Xu Tui. Both Lavis and Jin Ji had broken through to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm during the cultivation of the leyline energy extraction on Asteroid 699.

“Sir, if you have any instructions, just tell me. There’s no need to be so formal.” When Lavis was summoned by Xu Tui, he immediately adopted the most humble posture. As he had been with Xu Tui for a long time, Lavis had a deeper foundation. He had broken through to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm earlier than Jin Ji, but he was still at the early-stage of the Planetary realm.

Jin Ji had only broken through to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm two hours before the cultivation ended. He was also at the early-stage of the Eight Satellites. In terms of cultivation level, Lavis and Jin Jits strength were not much different. Lavis only had the slight advantage. If the two of them really fought, Lavis might not win.

It would depend on the improvised tactics.

Although Jin Ji had surrendered, he had basic integrity, unlike Lavis. He immediately felt a little disgusted when he saw Lavis bend down to greet Xu Tui.

You are a member of the Great Xi Clan and an Eight Satellites Planetary realm. If you take another step forward, you will be able to become an executive of the Great Xi Clan. Is there a need to kneel and suck up to Xu Tui, the regiment commander in front of you?

In Jin Ji’s opinion, even if he surrendered, he should have basic dignity. However, in the next moment, Jin Ji was stunned.

“Lavis, your performance has been alright recently. You were at the frontline every time. Here, take this and refine and fuse it.” Xu Tui threw a metal corpse that was emitting a powerful aura to Lavis.

Jin Ji’s eyes immediately widened. Gu Ji. The corpse of the Nine Satellites executive, Lord Gu Ji, was casually given to Lavis. At this moment, Jin Ji was also a little envious. If he had known that there would be such an outcome, he would have been able to kneel and suck up to Commander Xu Tui just now.

In the Great Xi Clan, the body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm executive represented strength. After the fusion, it would be like a Spiritual Pill of the Spiritual Race. It could greatly increase one’s strength.

Executive Gu Ji came from an extraordinary bloodline in the Great Xi Clan. If

Jin Ji cultivated to the Nine Satellites and reached the same cultivation level as Gu Ji, he would have no chance of winning if he fought him. This was related to the physical body. The metal elemental in Gu Ji’s body was stronger, had faster recovery abilities, and had stronger defense.

Compared to Jin Ji, Lavis’ bloodline level was even lower.

In the Great Xi Clan, Lavis could only be considered a miscellaneous bloodline. Under normal circumstances, with Lavis’ background, it was impossible for his cultivation to break through to the Planetary realm.

In the Great Xi Clan, only the Great Xi Clan with a metal name could cultivate to the highest level. However, the Lavis in front of him was different. Although it was a misnomer, Jin Ji could sense that Lavis’ physical strength was only slightly weaker than his.

Of course, Jin Ji did not know that Xu Tui had given him the bodies of many elite experts of the Great Xi Clan to absorb and fuse with. Of course, the strongest was the body of the Five Satellites Planetary realm that he had absorbed and fused with back then.

“Thank you for your reward, Sir. I will definitely repay you with my life.” Lavis was pleasantly surprised. The body of the Nine Satellites executive, Gu Ji, was simply…

Xu Tui waved his hand and asked Lavis to quickly refine it. This guy had been by Xu Tui’s side for a few years. He was already very familiar with the idioms of the Blue Star.

“Two Eight Satellites captives. If you use them well, they will definitely be a great help to our Blue Star.” Wei Bin sighed when he saw this scene.

“It’s only used during the transition period. There are too few top-notch experts on the Blue Star. Let’s make up the numbers first. However, it will be different in two to three years,” Xu Tui said.

Wei Bin nodded. In a few years, many Eight Satellites would definitely appear on the Blue Star. Most of the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force under Xu Tui would become Eight Satellites.

To be honest, he is extremely powerful now. To put it bluntly, the strength of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force under Xu Tui was enough to sweep through the solar system.

Wei Bin’s only relief was that the true commander of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, Xu Tui, was a human from Huaxia. The main member of this Blue Star Expeditionary Force was also a human from Huaxia.

“Lieutenant Wei, this is a set of standard armor worn by the Seven Satellites Guards of the Heavenly Court. Its defense is very powerful. You can wear it often in the future. You can usually only wear armor. When fighting, you have to have all the armor..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1