Chapter 1862: Eight Satellites Combat Power (1)

Chapter 1862: Eight Satellites Combat Power (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When Xu Tui used his other power stars to increase his mental perception nova to the sixth star halo, he felt that the scattered mental perception had a little different fluctuation.

Or rather, it was his preference. And it was the kind that was activated. Once Xu Tui spread out his mental perception after condensing the star, this mental perception would be densely spread out.

There was no need to talk about the outside. Internally, which was the interior of Xu Tui’s body, the force field and even the genetic chains that were so small that they were difficult to see with the naked eye, he would immediately notice any abnormal movements.

It was also under such circumstances that Xu Tui noticed something unusual.

The moment the mental perception nova was enhanced to the sixth star halo with the spiritual resonance, his Spiritual Resonance genetic ability chain suddenly flickered with light. The power in the genetic chain circulated quickly without any warning or reason.

Xu Tui was very surprised. It had to be known that some of the power in his body was not completely under his control. For example, he could only partially control the red fire slip. However, all the genetic ability chains and new power stars that he had cultivated were 100% under his control. They would not be easily affected by external forces.

Xu Tui was extremely shocked that such an unknown genetic chain would suddenly appear. If he did not have a clear understanding of himself and knew that he was not a modified human and that his body had not been implanted with anything, he would have been a little worried. Was there something wrong with his body?

The question was, why would the genetic ability chain of spiritual resonance accelerate on its own?

Xu Tui could be considered a researcher. He began to analyze the situation.

Currently, the only special variable that had been discovered was the mental perception nova that had been enhanced to the sixth star halo.

First of all, Xu Tui lowered the enhancement of his mental perception nova to the fifth star halo, then he discovered another abnormality.

This time, under the radiation of his mental perception, the genetic ability chain of spiritual resonance did not accelerate on its own.

He once again enhanced his mental perception nova to the sixth star halo. The moment he spread out his mental perception, the genetic ability chain of the spiritual resonance once again appeared in a state of autonomous acceleration.

Xu Tui had already found the reason in a short period of time. But he was very surprised. What was going on? Why was this happening?

Currently, there were no relevant records of the cultivation insights and cultivation notes that he had come into contact with, including those of the Blue Star humans, the Spiritual Race, and the Muyas.

Under the envelopment of the force field of a nova, it would actually trigger the autonomous acceleration of the genetic ability chain.

This was a brand new discovery! What did that mean? Was it a special resonance enhancement from a nova to another ability? Or something else?

The possibility of an enhancement was extremely high. However, if it was an enhancement, it would be more useless against the enhancement of spiritual resonance. The ability of spiritual resonance was an auxiliary ability. It was clear that Xu Tui had not condensed it into a star. There was a high chance that it was an enhancement.

Xu Tui hesitated a little when he thought about all of this. Currently, he had two research directions if he wanted to understand this abnormal situation.

The first was to continue strengthening the mental perception nova and increasing it to see if he would discover any new abilities or discoveries. The second research direction was to condense the genetic ability chain of spiritual resonance and quickly increase it to see if there were any new discoveries or abilities.

Xu Tui felt that the second research direction, which was to condense the genetic ability chain of the spiritual resonance, had a higher possibility of discovering a new ability. However, there was a high chance that this discovery might be a useless support ability. Then the position of a new star would be wasted.

Although Xu Tui had many positions, he could not waste them. It was just like all the new stars that he had. Although he had many support abilities, none of them were wasted.

Xu Tui was a little hesitant because of this. But what if he made a different discovery? After all, there was no such discovery among all the Planetary realm cultivators on the Blue Star. This might be a direct enhancement.

It had to be known that the enhancement of the other novas by the current nova was actually an enhancement of the force field. The increase was about 5%.

However, if it was a direct enhancement, this enhancement would not be limited to 50%. In that case, if he could develop this enhancement combination, the target’s ability would increase greatly.

“Let’s give it a try. I might discover something new. Even if it’s just an enhancement, I can afford to waste a new star position. However, this discovery was very important to the entire Blue Star Planetary realm. Besides, it might not be a waste…”

Xu Tui instantly made a decision. His mind power instantly sank into the genetic ability chain of spiritual resonance and condensed the star. Fifteen minutes later, a nova with only one star halo appeared in Xu Tui’s force field.

This was the new star of spiritual resonance.

Xu Tui tested it out again after he successfully condensed the star. He increased his mental perception nova to six star halos and spread out his

mental perception..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1