Chapter 1878: Xu Tui’S Killing Move And Breach (2)

Chapter 1878: Xu Tui’s Killing Move and Breach (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If the Fire Origin Palace counterattacked, they would be the first layer of defense for these superb individuals.

The second defense was the focused defense led by Li Qingping.

Li Qingping was now at the Six Satellites Planetary realm. If he held on with the Vajra Barrier, he would be able to withstand the attack of a Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and be safe.

Moreover, he was wearing the standard armor that Xu Tui had given him. His defense had increased greatly.

Twenty meters above the surface of the Fire Origin Palace, the Planetary realm phalanx team was floating. All the supernatural beings below the Five Satellites Planetary realm gathered in this range and slowly advanced.

Once the overall attack began, their first mission would not be to attack with all their might. Instead, they would charge forward, which was defense.

If the Spiritual Race members of the Fire Origin Palace were to launch long-range attacks, they would collectively meet these attacks and destroy them, giving the top Planetary realms a chance to attack with all their might.

There were about 160 people in this wave. Basically, nearly 80% of the Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star had gathered.

Twenty meters above them was a metal square. The metal square formation was mainly guarded by Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and the other seven Seven Satellites.

Their true combat strength was only at the peak of the Six Satellites. However, at this moment, they had already formed an energy array. If the seven of them attacked together, it would be comparable to an all-out attack from an Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

On their other side were the 30 elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race led by Yin Liu.

The elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race had developed very quickly under Xu

Tui’s nurturing over the years.

Other than Yin Liu, who had already reached the Six Satellites, the other quasi-planets, such as Yin Wushu, Yin Liujian, and Yin Sanping, had also reached the Five Satellites. There were still five new Planetary realm experts and 20 quasi-planetary experts.

At this moment, under the lead of Yin Liu, they had formed an energy array. Even if they could not reach the level of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, they could still reach the level of the mid to late-stage of the Seven Satellites.

The other main attackers, Erera, Ullr, Yin Ba, Lavis, Jin Ji, and the others, surrounded Xu Tui and waited for the moment to attack.

Thousands of troops slowly pushed forward and continuously approached the Fire Origin Palace. When they were nearly a thousand meters away, they had already entered the attack range of the Spiritual Race’s garrison. However, not a single attack flew out of the Fire Origin Palace.

Clearly, they were also waiting for the best opportunity to attack.

Five minutes later, at 23:55 on the 4th of February, all the troops entered the best attack position of the model. Wei Bin’s shout rang out. The overall attack had begun!

The overwhelming attacks immediately blasted towards the Fire Spirit light screen at the 50-meter-wide entrance of the Fire Origin Palace. At the same time, hundreds of lights blasted in all directions from the Fire Origin Palace.

The first wave was mainly for defense. The huge mountain figure suddenly pressed down and blocked in front of the attacks. Xu Tui had taken action. Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula lasted for nearly three seconds under the continuous attacks from the Fire Origin Palace before it shattered.

Xu Tui was surprised, but his expression became relaxed. There were no longer any powerful threats in the Fire Origin Palace. Li Qingping, Augustus, and the others could withstand them.

“Do it!”

Following Xu Tui’s order, the true main force of the attack attacked at the same time. There were a total of two people with the combat strength of Nine

Satellites in this attack on the Fire Origin Palace. They were Shang Long and Xu Tui.

The seven combatants of the Eight Satellites were Erera, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Lavis, Jin Ji, An Xiaoxue, and Qu Qingshan.

Although An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan were only at the Seven Satellites

Planetary realm, they could unleash the attack power of the Eight Satellites

Planetary realm. There were also several other existences who could unleash the combat strength of the Seven Satellites, such as Wen Xinglun, Wen Shao, and Haydoff.

The rest of them had the combat strength of the Six Satellites Planetary realm. It was worth mentioning that Extreme Branch students like Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong basically defended.

According to his previous combat strength, three to five Eight Satellites Planetary realm experts were comparable to the combat strength of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert.

There were a total of seven Eight Satellites Planetary realm combatants. Including the reserves of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm combatants, in theory, they could reach the critical value of breaking through the Fire Origin Palace’s defense. They could break through the Fire Origin Palace.

Therefore, Xu Tui was looking forward to the first attack. As soon as he attacked, Xu Tui, Shang Long, and the others used their strongest attacks, including Wei Bin. They also directed the others to attack together. He would consume as much as he could.

Shang Long’s sword light slashed out seven times in a second. The seven sword lights struck the Fire Spirit Barrier of the Fire Origin Palace like shooting stars.

The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal above Xu Tui’s head flew out at the same time. The seven mountains gathered into a set of mountain shadows and instantly blasted toward the fire spirit light screen at the bottom.

Earth Array—Mountain Town!

This was an arrav attack that could kill a Nine Satellites Planetarv realm expert.

However, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Rupture was even more exquisite. Silently, five square meters of the Fire Spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace disappeared.

It was gone.

The Spiritual Race members in the Fire Origin Palace were shocked.

However, what made them feel at ease was that the moment this Guardian light screen disappeared, the boundless energy fluctuations in the Fire Origin Palace quickly replenished the screen that had disappeared..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1