Chapter 1876: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (4)

Chapter 1876: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Then regardless of whether there is a reincarnation or not, I will definitely kill Gu Ji without hesitation.”

Xu Tui became solemn. Mr. Shang was an extremely pure swordsman! This was probably also the reason why Shang Long’s cultivation and combat strength could surpass the many experts on the Blue Star.

Compared to Shang Long, Xu Tui was inferior.

“Xu Tui, you don’t have to worry about my future. It doesn’t matter even if it really affects my cultivation upper limit. So what if I, Shang Long, can only stop at the peak of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm in the future? I can also kill the Nebula Realm when I see him! Even if I encountered a powerhouse of the Small Universe, I would still have the courage to attack!

“My Dao is the Sword Dao! It’s not the path of cultivation!”

Shang Long’s last two sentences rushed into Xu Tui’s mind like a bell. It made Xu Tui’s heart light up.

Shang Long’s Dao was the Sword Dao! It was not the path of cultivation! Perhaps with this understanding or magnanimity, the Resurrection Seal would not be able to restrict Shang Long’s future cultivation path. Even if there were restrictions, he could break them with one strike.

“Are you going to attack the Fire Origin Palace soon? Isn’t the time a little rushed? Do you want to prepare for a few more days?” Shang Long asked.

Xu Tui shook his head. “Chi Jing has also lost his physical body. These few days happened to be his enfeeble period. This is the best time. Moreover, we can’t delay the situation in the small universe of the Heavenly Court for too long.

“Once the alliance army of the three races continued to attack, there was a possibility that the Heavenly Gates of the east, north, and west of the small universe of the Heavenly Court would be broken through at any time.

“Once that happens, it would be a havoc for the Blue Star! Therefore, we have to solve our worries as soon as possible. Then think of a way to save the small universe of the Heavenly Court,” Xu Tui said.

“But according to you, the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, and the Muyas gathered tens of millions of troops to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court. There were more than 300 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

“As for the Planetary realm of the three races attacking the small universe, the scale might reach at least 10,000 people. There were already more than 3,000 Planetary realm experts gathered at the Spiritual Race. Furthermore, they were still gathering.

“The total number of other quasi-planetary and transmutation realms was as high as 10 million. To be honest, under such an offensive lineup, it would be useless even if all of the Blue Star’s current strength was invested. It’s a drop in the bucket!” Shang Long sighed.

“In terms of pure power, it’s indeed a drop in the bucket. However, doesn’t the Heavenly Court still have guards in the small universe? Moreover, Mr. Shang, speaking of which, even if rescuing the small universe of the Heavenly Court is a drop in the bucket and a mantis trying to stop a cart, can we not save them?” Xu Tui asked.

“No!” Shang Long smiled bitterly and shook his head. Once the small universe of the Heavenly Court was breached, there would no longer be a place for humans in the solar system. Therefore, we have no choice in the future!”

“That’s right. We have no choice.”

Shang Long nodded. ‘You’ll do your best in this matter.”

It was the same!

Xu Tui had reached an agreement with the Blue Star’s highest Spiritual Leader, Shang Long, about saving the small universe of the Heavenly Court and the upcoming battle of the alliance of tens of millions of races.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui had a long chat with Shang Long.

“You can’t go missing in future battles, Mr. Shang,” Xu Tui added.

“Of course I won’t.” Clang! A clear sound of a sword suddenly appeared. Shang Long gently stroked the flying sword that he had taken out. The flying sword rang continuously. “Xu Tui, I will naturally not be absent from the upcoming battle. However, I prefer to be a sword. With one strike, the starry sky will be cold! As for the other troublesome matters, I’ll leave them to you. I prefer to speak with a sword! If there’s a battle, my sword light will definitely appear!” Shang Long stared at Xu Tui with a determined expression.

This was his Sword Dao!

Xu Tui looked at the determined Shang Long for a long time before he nodded gently. Then, he opened the communication channel.

“Lieutenant, the Fire Origin Palace is at its weakest at dawn. That’s when we attack the Fire Origin Palace,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1