Chapter 1879: Xu Tui ‘S Killing Move And Breach (3)

Chapter 1879: Xu Tui ‘s Killing Move and Breach (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As the ground shook, the Blue Star’s wave of attacks landed on the fire spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace.

The Spiritual Race members who were guarding the various array nodes in the Fire Origin Palace and frantically injecting the power in their bodies felt the power in the Fire Origin Palace that was connected to them tremble violently.

It was as if there were waves in the sea. Even the energy in their bodies trembled. Many people below the Five Satellites vomited blood on the spot and suffered minor injuries. A few quasi-planetary experts could not withstand the shock and vomited blood on the spot and was unconscious.

Within a minute of concentrated fire, a dazzling light erupted like an aurora. The entire Ceres Star shook. The light dissipated, leaving only a thin layer of the fire spirit light screen outside the Fire Origin Palace. However, in just an instant, it returned to its original level.

He did not break through the first round!

“We defended it. We defended it!” Cheers erupted in the Fire Origin Palace, and morale soared.

In the sky, Xu Tui was emotionless. He only used his consciousness to order Wei Bin, “Lieutenant Wei, get the other troops to continue to accumulate strength and prepare to focus fire. Everyone, continue to prepare. A minute later, launch the strongest concentrated fire again.” Xu Tui sent a voice transmission to the main force.

Xu Tui put away the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal. He floated in the air and slowly accumulated strength. At the same time, he shouted at the Fire Origin Palace, “You don’t have much time left! Your Spiritual Race can’t take it anymore. Many Spiritual Race members have already surrendered to our Blue Star and enjoyed extremely high treatment within our Blue Star!”

“Xu Tui, don’t play mind games! Our Spiritual Race has been captured by you. It’s fine as long as we are not cut up by you. Treatment? If you can’t break through the Fire Origin Palace, admit it honestly. It’s very boring to attack now and play mind games at the last minute.” Chi Jing laughed.

“This is the last chance of survival for some of you! Once I break through the Fire Origin Palace, you won’t be able to obtain the best treatment even if you surrender. As for the treatment of surrendering, I’ll show you.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui waved his hand. Yan Wuyu’s figure appeared behind him.

“I am Yan Wuyu, the former second elder of the Sanctuary Inner Hall. I am now the dean of the Blue Star Humans’ quantum array core. If anyone is willing to surrender, you can come and accompany me.” After saying that, Yan Wuyu left, ignoring the commotion in the Fire Origin Palace.

“Lang Biao, Lang Ju, a member of the Spiritual Race’s Lang Clan. We are now a core member of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. Under the nurturing of the Blue Star, our cultivation has broken through from the initial quasi-planetary realm to the current Six Satellites Planetary realm in just two years.”

As they appeared, the Fire Origin Palace was in an uproar again. However, Lang Fanyun was the most shocked. Because these two guys were his nephews. After the shock, everyone in the Fire Origin Palace looked at Lang Fanyun. Lang Fanyun had a helpless expression. How could he explain himself at the last minute? However, Chi Jing helped him out in time.

“The surrender of Lang Biao and Lang Ju has nothing to do with Lang Fanyun.

Lang Fanyun is definitely loyal to our Spiritual Race.”

Regardless of whether Lang Fanyun had any disloyal intentions, Chi Jing understood that at this moment, he should unite everyone and not suspect anyone.

“Don’t worry. They’ve already attacked with all their might in the first wave. If the first wave can’t break through our Fire Origin Palace, they definitely won’t be able to break through later. Today, we will definitely be able to defend the

Fire Origin Palace.” Chi Jing’s voice resounded both inside and outside the Fire Origin Palace.

A minute passed in the blink of an eye. Just as everyone was ready, Xu Tui’s mental voice suddenly sounded in the hearts of the attacking firepower and all the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

“Those with seals, release your seals. Then, activate the seal divine light with all your might to increase your abilities.”

In an instant, more than 40 seals rose above the heads of the people above the Fire Origin Palace. Under the full power of the Blue Star people, the seals shone brightly.

Seven seals rose above Xu Tui’s head. They were the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the seal of the Southern Huo De Star Lord, the seal of the Southern True Lord, the Star Lord of Ji Shui, and the Star Lord of Jingmu. There were a total of seven seals.

However, the brightest thing was the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

The moment the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole appeared, it instantly soared into the sky and stopped at the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Gate. The moment it shone with divine light, it was instantly connected to more than 40 seals.

More than 40 Heavenly Court seals fused with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. As the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole shone brightly, the starlight of countless stars in the solar system was faintly projected into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

This was especially so for the Nine Luminaries Star. Under the starlight, the aura of the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal was even stronger. What surprised Xu Tui even more was that an inexplicable power was also projected into the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal from the Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel.

Divine might appeared. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was like a king. The divine light and aura of the 40-odd seals that were enveloped by it soared. Many of the seals that had not been refined 100% had their refinement progress increase exponentially.

Correspondingly, the enhancement to the abilities of their owners also increased in an instant. This was especially so for the enhancement of his abilities. It had increased by at least 10%.

“Break! ” Xu Tui roared angrily. Everyone focused their fire again. An earth-shattering light blasted towards the Fire Spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace again.

This scene made Chi Jing’s face turn extremely pale..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1