Chapter 1875: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (3)

Chapter 1875: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At this moment, Ullr was really a little afraid. Unknowingly, Xu Tui’s influence had become terrifying.

“Lieutenant Wei, get ready. Check the current state of the gathering of forces and mobilize the elites of the various factions. Prepare to attack the Fire Origin Palace in two to three hours. Remember, the main force is long-range attacks,” Xu Tui instructed.

“I’ll prepare to mobilize it now.” Wei Bin was about to break through to the peak of the Five Satellites Planetary realm. He was completely different from the early-stage Three Satellites Planetary realm.

Before this, Wei Bin had completely relied on the prestige of Xu Tui and Shang Long to command Augustus, Haydoff, and the others. Those people had always treated Wei Bin as a lackey.

In the military, bravery was always the best. But it was different now. Wei Bin

already had the strength to be on par with them. Coupled with the tact that Xu Tui, Shang Long, and the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had returned victorious, no one in the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial forces dared to question Wei Bin’s orders.

In the following battle, Wei Bin could definitely command the Blue Star elites as if they were his arms. It could be said that from this moment on, the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star had only reached about 80%.

Previously, Xu Tui had gathered the elite forces of the Blue Star elites when he established the Worldly Demon Slayers. The degree of unification was only 50 to 60%.

“Mr. Shang, how are you now? How much could the mental body’s compatibility with the physical body reach? Did your mental body suffer any losses during your resurrection? Did you pay an unknown price during the revival process? Could the Resurrection Seal be used repeatedly? How much of your strength had restored after you were revived? Will your future cultivation be as restricted as other people’s mental bodies?”

Just like Ullr, Xu Tui had the same questions for Shang Long, who had returned through the seal of reincarnation after he died. The difference was that Ullr was pressured by the situation and did not ask.

However, Xu Tui could ask directly after he and Shang Long arrived at their private room.

Shang Long understood that these questions were very important to Xu Tui, him, and the future of the Blue Star. They were also the research project between him and Xu Tui. Therefore, Shang Long answered Xu Tui one by one.

The Resurrection Seal was very magical. These were Shang Long’s words. However, resurrection did not come without a price. During the revival process, Shang Long felt that about 10% of the origin of his mental body, which was his spirit, had been consumed.

Correspondingly, the upper limit of Shang Long’s mental body had also been reduced by about 10%. This was the price of using the Resurrection Seal. As for the feeling of true death he experienced during the revival process, in Shang Long’s opinion, that was not a price, but a gain.

A person’s mindset would only become more perfect after experiencing true death. Shang Long felt that his current state of mind was even more perfect. The price he paid was not small, but he had gained a lot. It had completely exceeded Shang Long’s expectations.

For example, the fusion progress with this clone body was very shocking. The moment it entered the body, the fusion degree reached more than 95%. Under such circumstances, Shang Long could even fight if he wanted to.

In the next two days, the fusion progress between Shang Long and this clone body was infinitely close to 100%.

Why was it infinitely close to 100%?

Shang Long felt that he had fused perfectly with this clone body after he was revived. However, he did not know if it was because of psychological or other reasons, but he felt that it was a little inferior to his original body. He could not find the specifics.

Therefore, it could only be said to be infinitely close to 100%. As for his strength after his resurrection, although he had consumed 10% of the spirit of his mental body, causing him to lose 10% of his mind power upper limit, he did not lose much combat strength.

It was basically the same as before. It was just that his ability to fight a long battle had decreased slightly.

Shang Long felt that he had not paid an unknown price during the revival process. However, he could sense the power in the Resurrection Seal that he had refined had been consumed, but it was still a distance away from being exhausted.

Shang Long felt that the Resurrection Seal could still be used. As long as he prepared another clone body and used the secret technique of the Resurrection Seal to refine it in advance, he could still rely on the Resurrection Seal to revive again if he died in battle.

The 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals consumed was a huge sum, but it was nothing for now. There was more than one clone body that Shang Long had prepared for himself.

The clone body was already prepared. Shang Long planned to use the Resurrection Seal to refine the clone body when he reached his peak state. If he died in battle, he could be revived again.

As for the cultivation upper limit that Xu Tui was most concerned about after Shang Long used the Resurrection Seal,

Shang Long could not answer Xu Tui for the time being. Based on his current senses, Shang Long could continue cultivating. He could even continue cultivating to the peak of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

However, he did not know if he could break through to the Nebula Realm in the future or even the legendary small universe. After all, he had not touched that realm.

Everything required time to verify.

“Mr. Shang, did you fight Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and the others to the death back then because you had the Resurrection Seal?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“No!” Shang Long slowly shook his head. “You sent me information that the Great Xi Clan’s people might allow the armies of the three races to break into the Heavenly Court’s small universe..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1