Chapter 1874: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (2)

Chapter 1874: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As Erera shouted, the expressions of the veteran experts of the Blue Star became even stranger. Facing this group of Blue Star Expeditionary Force who had returned victorious, they did not seem to have many advantages other than their age.

Since the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had returned, the other things could be done slowly. There was only one thing that had to be set from the beginning.

This was a welcome to Yan Wuyu!

“Elder Yan, Xu Tui has already told me about your name and ability. Welcome to the Blue Star Family! This is the Blue Star identity card I prepared for you. Please take a look.” Welcome Yan Wuyu was also the most important.

Before he came, Xu Tui had naturally introduced Shang Long to Yan Wuyu. His grandmaster had fought three Nine Satellites alone and created a shocking battle record of killing one, severely injuring one, and repelling one.

Whether it was the Spiritual Race or the other races, respecting the strong was the rule. In Yan Wuyu’s opinion, Shang Long was an expert among experts even within the Spiritual Race. There weren’t a lot of Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators of the Spiritual Race that could kill a powerful existence of the same level.

Yan Wuyu, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others took the identity cards from Shang Long at the same time. It was the latest generation identity card with a real-time verification chip.

Yan Wuyu, male, Spiritual Race, identity code, T01425.

Everyone on the Blue Star felt a little emotional when they saw this scene. This was an epoch-making scene. It would definitely be an extremely important milestone in history in the future.

Today was the first step for the Blue Star humans to officially accept foreign species. This was also the first Blue Star identity card officially given to alien species by the Blue Star humans.

Yan Wuyu did not sigh so much. He thanked Xu Tui softly and turned to look at Xu Tui. That alone was not enough. Although he had no choice but to join the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, he had to negotiate the necessary conditions.

Seeing this, Shang Long smiled. “Everything else has been recorded in this identity. This is the personal communication device prepared for you. You can read all the treatment information through it,” Shang Long said.

Yan Wuyu instantly activated his communication device and read the information inside. A minute later, he nodded in satisfaction.

There was a residence on Planet Peach, the base of the Worldly Demon Slayers, and a residence on Planet Kono, the base camp of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial. Other than that, on the solar system, other than the Blue Star, Yan Wuyu could build a residence on a distant planet and draw a portion of the planet into a private area.

A monthly stipend of 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals, Level A special rights for Blue Star citizens. They enjoyed their own rights of passage and private Aerospace Combat Jet in the solar system.

Other than that, they could choose to build two research institutes, one big and one small, on any planet. They could both be used by Yan Wuyu’s private people.

The small research institute completely belonged to Yan Wuyu.

The large research institute was also called the Quantum Array Core Institute. Xu Tui was the first dean, and Yan Wuyu was the vice-chairman. According to the agreement, Yan Wuyu had to bring out at least two students who could refine the quantum array core for the Blue Star every five years. Every five years, he would bring out three students who could refine other array jade cores for the Blue Star.

The Blue Star would provide the students, but Yan Wuyu would decide who to

accept as a student.

Other than that, there were also some other treatments. Basically, they had already given Yan Wuyu the best treatment on the Blue Star. All in all, these treatments had already surpassed Cai Shaochu and Shang Long.

Firstly, he had to spend a lot of money to buy the talent. Secondly, Yan Wuyu was a research-type talent. He had a lot of time at the back and could teach many people. Although Xu Tui could do many of the things that Yan Wuyu had done, he was too busy and did not have the time to specially teach students.

After reading this, Yan Wuyu nodded in satisfaction.

Shang Long, the strongest person on the Blue Star, had come to welcome him. Be it his honor or treatment, they had given him the best. They were even more generous than the conditions he had discussed with Xu Tui back then.

He was satisfied. Of course, this treatment was only limited to Yan Wuyu.

Yanzi, Lang Ju, Lang Biao, and the others were different. Xu Tui’s treatment of them, including Jin Ji, Lavis, Yin Ba, and the others, was to refer to the treatment of Worldly members. What kind of merits, what kind of contribution points, and what kind of treatment. This made them very worried. To a certain extent, Xu Tui was treating them as family.

As for Yan Wuyu, no one could compare to him. Yan Wuyu was a technological big shot. His treatment was different.

After the easy but grand welcome ceremony, someone naturally went to receive Yan Wuyu for the banquet. However, Xu Tui gave a military order. “You still have three hours to rest. Within three hours, adjust all of your states to your peak. Prepare to participate in the battle.” Xu Tui had a solemn expression.

“Understood!”

Ullr, who was in the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, wanted to ask where else to participate in the battle if they all returned to Ceres Star. Where are they attacking? Who are they attacking? Who are they fighting with? Ullr was confused. He wanted to ask Xu Tui.

Unfortunately, after the other members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, including Ruan Tianzuo, shouted that they understood, they went to the temporary quiet room to cultivate and recover their combat state under Fang You’s guidance. None of them asked where they were going to attack next.

To put it bluntly, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force would not hesitate even if Xu Tui asked them to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court and the million-strong army of the Spiritual Race..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1