Chapter 1873: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (1)

Chapter 1873: Sword Strike, Cold Starry Sky (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At 21:00 on the 4th of February, the Blue Star Calendar, 2142.

Solar System, Ceres Star, Fire Origin Palace.

Chi Jing, who had spent a huge price to possess the body of a colleague who had died in battle and was reborn, felt dispirited from the inside out.

Possessing a dead body and being reborn consumed a large number of spirits. At this moment, he felt indescribably weak. He looked a little like an old man in his twilight years. Even his mind power could not recover to its peak.

Chi Jing knew very well that he needed to replenish his spirit and the origin power of his mental body. Only the extremely precious Silver Spirit Box in the Spiritual Race could allow him to recover his mind.

Originally, with his level, the Sanctuary should have given him two Silver Spirit Boxes as long as he made a request. However, now that he had cut off all communication with the Spiritual Race, it was useless to make a request.

Therefore, Chi Jing could only persevere.

He had just possessed a body and was reborn less than three days ago. His fusion with this new body was too poor. Even when he walked, he looked a little like a zombie. It was very unnatural.

As a result, Chi Jing rarely appeared in front of people these few days. He only commanded through his voice. He was afraid that his enfeeble would attract the attention of others.

After the rebirth, although Chi Jing still had the aura of the Eight Satellites, he might not even be able to unleash the strength of the Seven Satellites if they really fought. Other than a few Transmutation Realm staff officers, everyone else in the Command Hall had already guarded various parts of the Fire Origin Palace according to Chi Jing’s orders.

In addition to using the power of the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing also tried his best to form an offensive and defensive formation. Once the Blue Star humans attacked, he would have to face them head-on.

As long as they defended themselves this time, they would be safe in the future.

For this battle, Chi Jing had already taken out all the Origin Crystals in the warehouse. Once the Fire Origin Palace did not have enough power, they would replenish it with a large number of Origin Crystals.

In other words, they had to withstand the Blue Star humans’ attack at all costs. If they could not even defend the Fire Origin Palace, then in Chi Jing’s opinion, there was no place for them in the solar system.

Three days ago, Xu Tui said that he would definitely break through the Fire Origin Palace within three days.

Everyone in the Spiritual Race was tense because of this. In the past three days, they had been preparing for battle with all their might and were constantly on guard against the Blue Star humans’ large-scale attack. However, they had been waiting for almost three days. Some of them were a little anxious.

“Elder, it’s been almost three days. Are the Blue Star humans playing with us?” Someone in the Spiritual Race could not sit still anymore.

“Let’s wait a little longer. It hasn’t even been three days.” In terms of command, Chi Jing was still very qualified. He could keep his composure.

“If the Blue Star humans don’t come, are we going to wait with all our might?”

“Of course not. Four days. The Blue Star humans are extremely cunning. We have to be on high alert for four days, then take turns to rest. We must not relax at all before the reinforcements arrive,” Chi Jing shouted.

While the Spiritual Race was anxiously waiting, in the Wood Origin Palace, Shang Long looked at the Blue Star Expeditionary Force that had returned in one piece and happily shook their hands to welcome them.

While they were welcoming them home, Erera, Augustus, Anlevich, Ganjiv, Haydoff, Huang Gu, Maguwa, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, Park Jung-chang, and the others who were attending with Shang Long were so shocked that their eyeballs almost fell to the ground.

Looking at the cultivation auras emitted by the Blue Star Expeditionary Force in front of them, their mentality was complicated. When the Blue Star Expeditionary Force left, they were all top-notch commanders of the various sectors. The worst of them was the Five Satellites.

Most of these Blue Star expeditionary forces were either quasi-planetary, or just One to Two Satellites. Even the strongest people, Qu Qingshan and the others, were only the Three Satellites.

But what about now?

They were still the Five Satellites, but the weakest of the quasi-planetary experts in the Blue Star Expeditionary Force who had returned was already at the mid-stage of the Five Satellites. The others that they regarded as juniors, such as Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Wen Xinglun, were either the Seven Satellites or the Six Satellites.

They had actually surpassed them. Their feelings were complicated. This was especially so for people like Haydoff, Augustus, and Huang Gu, who had deep thoughts about the various countries in their hearts.

This was because almost all the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force were from the Huaxia Race. After the Blue Star Expeditionary Force returned, the Huaxia Race was definitely the strongest force on the Blue Star.

In the future, their right to speak in the extra-terrestrial of the Blue Star would become weaker and weaker. They might not even be able to cause a stir.

Some people already regret it. They regretted not stuffing the elite disciples of their alliance into the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. However, who knew what would happen now? Back then, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had basically generously died without returning.

“You’ve worked hard! Welcome home!”

Everyone said that they had worked hard. Even an old coin like Ruan Tianzuo was a little excited.

No matter how complicated and bitter their feelings were, the former big shots of the Blue Star could only follow behind Shang Long and welcome the return of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

Only Erera was extremely excited.

“Aiya, Mr. Qu, you’re at the Seven Satellites! You’re really too powerful. I remember that you were only at the Three Satellites when you left.”

“Oh, my God, Mr. Ruan, you’re at the Eight Satellites. How did you cultivate? Is it the blessing of God?”

“Miss Mu Xingzi, you’re actually at the peak of the Five Satellites. You’re one step away from the Six Satellites.. Oh my god, how can you cultivate so

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1