Chapter 1872: The Spiritual Race’S Killing Plan (4)

Chapter 1872: The Spiritual Race’s Killing Plan (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You must give me an answer within a month.”

“Understood.”

The entire virtual connection meeting room was silent. This was the power of the Great Elder. The functional tribes under the jurisdiction of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary followed the orders of the Great Elder fully. It was not the same for the other main elders.

“Alright, let’s continue the discussion! We have to wait for the results of the investigation. However, we have to stop the Blue Star Expeditionary Force from wreaking havoc in our Spiritual Race’s Star Field as soon as possible.

“We made an extremely bad discovery. Currently, the concentration of energy on the planets that had been breached by the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, especially the planets that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had stayed on for a long time, was rapidly decreasing.

“Unless a large number of Origin Crystals were invested in activating the quantum teleportation channel, it would collapse on the spot. Moreover, the latest research tracking discovered that the vitality of these planets had been cut off. The planet’s environment had already begun to deteriorate. It would become unsuitable for survival in three years at most.

“This has created billions of refugees for us and caused us huge losses.

Everyone, quickly think of a suitable response. Otherwise, every time the Blue Star Expeditionary Force captured a planet, they would destroy a planet that could survive. Even for our Spiritual Race, one planet that can survive like this will be destroyed one after another,” Great Elder Xu Yi said as he knocked heavily on the table.

This was the main reason why Great Elder Xu Yi had called for this emergency meeting. Originally, the Spiritual Race could still withstand it if one or two of the many planets were completely destroyed. After all, there were more than a thousand planets that were suitable for survival in the Spiritual Race Star Field.

But now, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was constantly destroying it. What was worse was that they could not catch up to the Blue Star Expeditionary Force even after they surrounded it with all their might.

This meant that in the future, every planet that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force captured would be destroyed. Even Great Elder Xu Yi could not accept such a loss. So he only raised this question solemnly now.

How should he put it? The tactic of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force that Xu

Tui was commanding looked unsolvable. In reality, there was a way to crack it.

Tu Hou gave a method with a sharp eye. “If we increase the investment, we can break through the Blue Star Expeditionary Force and even silently surround the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. However, the price is slightly higher,” Tu Hou said generously.

Xu Yi glanced at the second main elder, Tu Hou. There was deep fear in his eyes. This guy had not said it previously, but now, he was saying it in such a relaxed tone. Wasn’t this indirectly proving his ability and incompetence?

His intentions were punishable!

“Tell me about it. As long as the price is within acceptable limits, it can be implemented. ”

Tu Hou nodded and said in a deep voice, “Based on the many trajectories of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force did not massacre the ordinary Spiritual Race people on their planet. Of course, this was related to the size of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. There were too few people.

“Their main focus was only on the planetary defense base, the quantum teleportation channel defense base, and the planetary chief’s residence. They did not massacre ordinary civilians. This was especially so for those below the quasi-planetary realm. They did not take the initiative to attack. Even if it was a quasi-planet, they would not massacre them as long as they did not get close to them.

“I think that we can send a large number of secret members of the Transmutation Realm or quasi-planetary realm to hide on all the planets in the Western and Northern Star Fields. We can even send people to hide on the planets in the Southern Star Field.

“Everyone had to carry at least a set of quantum array cores and emergency communication jade talismans. Then, they would hide among the people. After discovering the invasion of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, they will quietly search for a hidden place and build a quantum teleportation channel. Then, they will build more than 10 quantum teleportation channels at all costs. We will mobilize five to 10 Nine Satellites over and kill the Blue Star Expeditionary Force in one fell swoop,” Tu Hou said.

As soon as this plan was announced, the elders present gasped.

“This… Sending a member of the Secret Division to hide with a quantum array core on every planet in the Northern and Western Star Fields? This would require at least 600 sets of quantum array cores, right? This would probably clear out most of our Sanctuary’s inventory, right?” Someone exclaimed.

“This is where the price is huge,” Tu Hou said. “However, it is an effective method of encirclement and suppression. If we use this method, we’ll be able to surround and annihilate the elites in half a day at most.”

Great Elder Xu Yi wanted to refute, but he had to admit that Tun Hou’s plan was extremely feasible. As for the huge price, what was really consumed in the end was a dozen sets of quantum array cores and more than a million grams of Origin Crystals.

They had to use more than 600 quantum array cores, but they would not exhaust all of them. There was a 99% chance that they would be able to surround the Blue Star Expeditionary Force with this plan.

Although they were political enemies, they had to adopt a good plan.

“This plan is not bad. We’ll follow Elder Tu Hou’s plan. The Sanctuary General Staff will immediately come up with a detailed and reasonable implementation plan. Then, we’ll get the secret department to send out all the lurking personnel.. This is top secret! We have to kill them the next time the Blue Star Expeditionary Force takes action!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1