Chapter 1871: The Spiritual Race’S Killing Plan (3)

Chapter 1871: The Spiritual Race’s Killing Plan (3)

Translator: Henvee Translations Editor: Henvee Translations

“If we have the chance, we could come back and take a look. It’s also good to surprise an old friend,” Xu Tui said.

In reality, Xu Tui had already asked Ah Huang to set up the vigilant self-destruction facilities in the hidden base of Asteroid 433 before he left.

Now, it was time for Yang Huai to carry out the most crucial arrangements. Xu Tui had thought it through before leaving behind the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel of the Asteroid Hidden Base Number 433. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had gone through so much trouble to transfer from Asteroid 433 to Asteroid 677, then to Asteroids 707 and 699.

Basically, it was to hide the existence of the hidden base of Asteroid 433. This time, the possibility of the enemy discovering the hidden base of Asteroid 433 was almost negligible.

In the future, if the small universe of the Heavenly Court was really broken through by the alliance of the three races, then Asteroid 433 of the Spiritual Race’s Western Star Field would be one of the hidden directions for the Blue Star humans to retreat.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui had asked Ah Huang to control and command the robots and expand the hidden base of Asteroid 433 to be able to temporarily accommodate 100,000 people.

He had to plan for the worst.

Four hours later, An Xiaoxue and Jagren first stepped into the multi-person quantum teleportation channel. They used their abilities to enhance it. One was an amplified quantum fluctuation, while the other was a stable space.

Then, Xu Tui invested at least 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals, turning them into boundless Origin Energy. The Blue Star Expeditionary Force disappeared into the multi-person quantum teleportation channel that was flickering.

At the same time, the news that Asteroid 699 had been breached by the Blue Star Expeditionary Force finally reached the hands of the third main elder, Huo Nan.

Huo Nan had actually just arrived at an asteroid with a cosmic tunnel. He was expected to arrive at Asteroid 677 in half an hour. Then, at all costs, he would arrive at Asteroid 707 in three days at most.

Moreover, the vanguard would be able to kill their way to Asteroid 707 in two days. There were experts from the Void lineage of Great Elder Xu Yi in the vanguard.

But now…

Huo Nan looked at the urgent military intelligence, his hands trembling. Mu Sheng was also trembling. At the enemy’s speed, he could not catch up. They could not catch up at all. When the urgent military situation reached the hands of Great Elder Xu Yi, his brows froze.

That shouldn’t be the case. Huo Nan had already reported the relevant matters. He directly let the eight clansmen of the Void Lineage go first. These clansmen of the Void Lineage were even faster than wind-type and lightning-type when they traveled at full speed.

They would be able to reach Asteroid 707 in three days at most. Then, they would seal off the void and harass the enemy. They would wait for the main force to arrive and surround the enemy.

Xu Yi had seen this plan before. It could be said to be foolproof. However, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force breached Asteroid 699 a day later. It would only delay the elders of the Void Lineage for less than half a day if they changed directions halfway. However, the problem behind this military intelligence was very serious.

For this reason, Xu Yi held a meeting with the main elders. All the main elders participated to discuss this problem. The speed of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was actually faster than the Spiritual Race.

This problem was too serious. If they could not solve the problem, wouldn’t it mean that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force would be unhindered in the Spiritual Race Star Field in the future?

Due to the seriousness of the problem, the main elders expressed their opinions.

The opinion of the sixth main elder, Feng Ye, caused a heated discussion. “Is it possible that this Blue Star Expeditionary Force has mastered the technology of multi-person quantum teleportation arrays?”

“That’s impossible. How can the backward Blue Star master a technology that even our Spiritual Race doesn’t?” Huo Nan was the first to refute.

“Don’t underestimate the Blue Star,” Second Master said softly and did not say anything else.

Great Elder Xu Yi looked at Feng Ye and Tu Hou thoughtfully. Previously, the confidentiality chief of Tu Hou and Feng Ye had caused a huge commotion and suffered heavy losses on Planet Green River. Xu Zhijia had already reported it.

Did these two guys know something? Even if Xu Yi had his doubts, he could not do anything if Feng Ye and Tu Hou did not speak.

On the other hand, the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng, was depressed. He wanted to cheer when he saw how helpless the main elders were against the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. Previously , these people had all called him incompetent. Now, they all knew how powerful the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was. They traveled too quickly and they could not catch up to their tails at all. It was not that he was incompetent, but this expeditionary army was too strong.

For a moment, the 13th Elder, Mu Sheng, actually felt like he had been avenged. It was not that he was incompetent.

“Whether or not this Blue Star Expeditionary Force has invented the core technology of a multi-person quantum teleportation array, this is an important direction for subsequent reconnaissance. Where is the Shadow Division’s elder, Ying Dan?” Great Elder Xu Yi suddenly asked.

Immediately, Xu Yi’s confidentiality chief, Xu Shifang, contacted the First Elder of the Shadow Division.

The Shadow Division was affiliated with the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. They were mainly responsible for infiltrating intelligence, reconnaissance, and assassination. They listened to the elders and were responsible to the Great Elder, Xu Yi.

“Shadow Division’s Ying Dan is here. Please instruct me, Great Elder.” Ying Dan’s voice sounded in the meeting.

“Whether or not the Blue Star Expeditionary Force has mastered the multi-person Teleportation Quantum Array Core technology and the trajectory of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, I’ll leave it to you..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1