Chapter 1877: Xu Tui L S Killing Move And Breach (1)

Chapter 1877: Xu Tui l s Killing Move and Breach (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Blue Star Calendar, February 24th, 23:50, in the Fire Origin Palace.

After invading the solar system for such a long time, the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force had long learned to use the Blue Star Era and Blue Star Time. After all, this was very convenient in normal battles and intelligence.

Many people from the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army looked at the time from time to time. Even Lei Zhen, Lang Fanyun, and the others, who had an extremely good mentality, would look at the time.

Three days.

Three days were almost up. These three days were nothing to the Blue Star humans, but to the Spiritual Race, who were guarding the Fire Origin Palace, every moment was like torture. Xu Tui’s words that they would definitely breach the Fire Origin Palace in three days gave everyone in the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force immense pressure.

The Fire Origin Palace was their last fortress when the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was destroyed. If the Fire Origin Palace was destroyed, every one of them would die in the solar system.

Many people had even prepared for the worst. If the Fire Origin Palace was breached, they would have to commit suicide before they were captured by the enemy.

It was not a legend that the Blue Star humans cut the Spiritual Race into pieces for research. It was even said that the Blue Star humans cloned the captured

Spiritual Race one after another and cut their clones into pieces for research. Then, their main bodies were supported by a holographic life support device to prevent them from dying and interrogate them about all kinds of questions.

Life worse than death could no longer describe that kind of miserable state. Some of the rumors were true, while others were fake. However, the fear in the hearts of the Spiritual Race’s Solar System Expeditionary Force was all real.

Ten minutes. There were still ten minutes, and three days would pass. Perhaps the Blue Star Humans would not attack the Fire Origin Palace. Although many people felt that the possibility was relatively low, they were still looking forward to it.

The words “times have changed” were vividly displayed at this moment.

“Oh no, it’s here!” Suddenly, someone in the Fire Origin Palace roared.

Immediately, a large number of experts crowded at the entrance of the Fire Origin Palace. Their expressions instantly became extremely heavy.

It’s here.

The Blue Star Expeditionary Force had really come. In an instant, the pressure spread. Some of the weaker ones even felt a little panic.

“What are you panicking for!” Chi Jing’s shout rang out. “With me around and the Spiritual Treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor, they will definitely not be able to break through the Fire Origin Palace.”

Chi Jing did not dare to reveal the fact that he had lost his spiritual treasure. At this moment, he took it out to boost morale.

“Besides, with the Spiritual Treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor, the Holy Ancestor will definitely take action when the time comes! Have you forgotten?

Eighty years ago, the Holy Ancestor pointed his finger at the Spiritual Race’s Star Field and killed the strongest human on the Blue Star, Gavro. No matter how strong the experts of the Blue Star are now, can they be stronger than the Holy Ancestor?”

In the Spiritual Race, the Holy Ancestor was the highest belief. Everyone’s worship of the Holy Ancestor was blind. When Chi Jing mentioned the Holy Ancestor, his past battle results, and the Holy Ancestor’s spiritual treasure, everyone felt inexplicably confident.

The Holy Ancestor was watching them. What was there to be afraid of? The morale in the Fire Origin Palace increased, and the panic gradually dissipated.

The difference was that the panic of the ordinary clansmen of the Spiritual Race had dissipated. The panic in Chi Jing’s heart was increasing. He did not know if the Holy Ancestor would take action.

However, if the Holy Ancestor had to attack from afar, he would have to use the lost Spiritual Treasure as a coordinate guide. What frightened Chi Jing even more was the power sent by the Blue Star humans.

There were more than a thousand experts gathered by the Blue Star to attack the Fire Origin Palace. Among the thousands of people, there were already more than 200 Planetary realm experts.

What made Chi Jing even more terrified was Shang Long!

Chi Jing saw Shang Long, who had already died in battle. This dissipated nearly half of Chi Jing’s confidence. Wasn’t Shang Long dead? Why did he appear again?

Although Chi Jing was very confident in the defense of the Fire Origin Palace, Shang Long’s appearance still made him a little worried. Shang Long’s sword light was extremely sharp.

“Everyone, according to the previous plan, get into position and do your respective duties! As long as you listen to my command, you will definitely be able to defend the Fire Origin Palace. As long as the Fire Origin Palace is not

destroyed, all of us will be able to live until the day the reinforcements arrive,” Chi Jing shouted sternly.

While Chi Jing was shouting, the Blue Star had already activated their elites and begun to set up a three-dimensional array.

Other than Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Shang Long, Erera, and the original members of the expeditionary army, all the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary combat strength had been made into data models by the Pangu super quantum computer.

The data model included the attack method, the furthest attack distance, the strongest attack range, and so on. It was all made into a model and then deduced a comprehensive battle arrangement.

At this moment, Wei Bin was setting up an array for the Blue Star troops according to the recommended model and ability classification.

The closest to the Fire Origin Palace was the Blue Star Expeditionary Force led by Xu Tui. Erera, Shang Long, and the others were also at the side. Above the Fire Origin Palace, the final impetus was about 500 meters away.

On the ground, there were more than 800 quasi-planetary phalanxes on the left, middle, and right. The attack range of these quasi-planets ranged from 500 to 1,500 meters. They were formed into various phalanxes and were all wearing defensive armor as they slowly advanced.

However, in front of them were the quasi-planetary and Planetary realm experts of the Extreme Branch who were supporting the half-meter-thick alloy shield under the command of Li Qingping..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1