Chapter 1883: Victory And Captive Treatment (3)

Chapter 1883: Victory and Captive Treatment (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, if a group of lions fought a group of tigers, the loser would only become food. No matter if they were old, weak, women, or children, they would have to bite them to death if they could not eat it.

This was a species war.

The humans of the Blue Star and the Spiritual Race were in a species war.

The thoughts of the remaining expeditionary forces of the Spiritual Race were that rather than being captured and subjected to the terrifying criminal laws and research of legends, they might as well die in battle.

As for Xu Tui’s publicity for the treatment of surrender before the battle, not many people believed him even though he was very sincere.

The tiger said, “Lions, surrender. Surrender and I’ll give you the best treatment. I definitely won’t eat you.”

Then the question came? Will the lions believe it? The lion did not believe it, nor did the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army. All of them were fighting with their lives on the line. Some of them even used the method of mutual destruction when they were exhausted.

If the two sides were evenly matched, the Blue Star would suffer greatly just based on this. Unfortunately, the Blue Star had a huge advantage this time.

In the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army, the strongest Chi Jing had already been killed. The strongest people left were the three Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts. Among the three Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts, the fire-type one was already injured. His opponent now was Erera.

The earth-element one was directly greeted by Shang Long, and the ice-element one was greeted by Cai Shaochu.

It was a complete crush.

Six Satellites’ situation was even worse. They were directly facing the Eight Satellites Planetary realm experts, such as Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Lavis, Jin Ji, and the others.

This was especially so for Lavis. After refining and fusing with Gu Ji’s body, not only did his strength increase explosively to the mid-stage of the Eight

Satellites Planetary realm, but his combat strength also increased explosively.

There was no need to mention the rest. The people they encountered were all experts with cultivation levels at least two levels higher than theirs. He could not take the other party away even if he wanted to.

All of them were in extreme despair. Some of the Spiritual Race even gave up on the battle and committed suicide. Xu Tui scanned the area with his mental perception. At the same time, he activated his psychic mind reading and heard many voices in his heart.

“Lang Ju, Lang Biao, talk to your uncle. Everyone, those who don’t surrender, capture those who can be captured by force. Those who can’t be captured, kill them.” Xu Tui gave another order.

As soon as Xu Tui gave the order, other than Erera, who could not stop in time and killed her opponent,

Cai Shaochu and Shang Long had captured their opponents. Xu Tui’s figure also flashed. He used the ice seal one after another. As he used it, he carefully controlled the power of the ice seal. If he used his full strength, all of the Spiritual Race members of the Fire Origin Palace below the Seven Satellites would be frozen to death on the spot.

Every time Xu Tui used the ice seal, a Spiritual Race member who wanted to self-destruct or die with him would be frozen.

Xu Tui was only targeting such targets. He would try his best to leave the other enemies to the Planetary realm of the Blue Star.

Xu Tui was only targeting such targets. He would try his best to leave the other enemies to the Planetary realm of the Blue Star.

“Commander, my uncle is willing to surrender unconditionally.” Lang Biao’s voice sounded.

Not far away, Lang Fanyun was already standing beside Lang Biao. He looked at Xu Tui with a complicated expression. He had just broken through to the Six Satellites not long ago, and his two nephews who had surrendered to the Blue

Star humans had already reached the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui was not surprised that Lang Fanyun had surrendered. Back then, Lang Fanyun had resisted Lei Tian and let Yanzi and the others go. That had planted the seeds for today. Moreover, this kind of surrender was the most stable. Of course, after surrendering, there would be trust. However, control had to be used.

Xu Tui could not completely and unconditionally trust the foreign races under the current circumstances.

Lang Fanyun’s surrender triggered a small chain reaction. Two more Planetary realm experts from the Spiritual Race surrendered. They were a water-type and ice-type supernatural being. Both of them were in the Three Satellites Planetary realm. They usually had a good relationship with Lang Fanyun.

At the same time, a muffled groan sounded.

Not far away, lightning suddenly exploded. Wen Xinglun, who was fighting Lei Zhen, was forced back and vomited blood by the lightning light ball that Lei Zhen had suddenly detonated.

Lei Zhen instantly turned into a bolt of lightning and rushed out of the Fire Origin Palace.

He wanted to escape!

Lei Zhen was already in the Six Satellites Planetary realm. Previously, he had been suppressed by Wen Xinglun, who was also a Six Satellites, and he had been injured one after another.

At the critical moment, Lei Zhen used the life-saving treasure, the Lightning Light Ball, that he had accumulated in the past to repel Wen Xinglun. The explosion of the Lightning Light Ball bought him time to act.

As long as he escaped from the Fire Origin Palace, he would be able to escape with the speed of a lightning-type supernatural being.

Back then, he had already escaped once.

Xu Tui sneered to himself when he saw that the lightning was about to escape the Fire Origin Palace. Previously, when he scanned with his mental perception, he had already heard Lei Zhen’s thoughts. From the beginning, Lei Zhen had been looking for an opportunity to escape.

This time, he could not let him escape. Moreover, he had to kill Lei Zhen.

Lei Zhen could be said to be the only existence in the Spiritual Race who had experienced the battle at the forward operating base and the current occupation of the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army. If he returned to the Spiritual Race, he would bring back too much information.

The moment Lei Zhen turned into lightning, Xu Tui’s extremely powerful mental perception moved slightly. This was the main planet’s force field of mind power becoming realistic.

In an instant, Lei Zhen’s lightning froze. In the next moment, Lei Zhen turned into ice and fell to the ground.

Captive!

Although the frozen Lei Zhen was not dead, he was in despair. He did not dare to imagine how the Blue Star humans would greet him next.

The battle in the Fire Origin Palace only lasted for 20 minutes before it ended.

None of the remaining Spiritual Race expeditionary forces escaped.

Among them, more than 700 Spiritual Race members died in battle. Most of them were Transmutation Realm experts who had been killed by the backlash of the Fire Origin Palace. A small number of them had been killed while resisting.

In the end, only three people surrendered.

Originally, a Two Satellites Planetary realm fire-type wanted to surrender, but Xu Tui did not accept it. He immediately used the ice seal to freeze it. He was only at the Two Satellites Planetary realm. Was he waiting for Xu Tui to nurture him after surrendering?

Instead of nurturing an alien species, it was better to nurture the Blue Star

humans and the Huaxia humans.

In the end, they captured 91 Planetary realm experts alive, including two Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts. Half of them could only be captured when Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and the others took action. Otherwise, it would be too difficult to capture these guys who had the will to live and die.

Other than that, 185 quasi-planetary experts and 35 Transmutation Realm experts were captured. These quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm captives were not captives, but picked up.

Most of the captives were either seriously injured or unconscious. They had lost their combat strength and mobility and were directly captured.

The Fire Origin Palace was completely broken through.

They had a complete victory!

Wei Bin led a large group into the Fire Origin Palace and began to clean up the supplies and command center of the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army to reestablish the Blue Star’s own defense line.

However, after straightening out the situation, Wei Bin immediately looked for Xu Tui. “Commander, what should we do with these 300 captives? There are more than 300 captives. If we have to watch over them, it will involve too many forces. Moreover, there are Six Satellites and Seven Satellites. If we are not careful, it will be a disaster.”

“Captives. I already have a way to deal with them.” After he finished speaking,

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1