Chapter 1884: Top Secret Tunnel And Cultivation Comprehension Of The Earth Origin Palace (1)

Chapter 1884: Top Secret Tunnel and Cultivation Comprehension of the Earth Origin Palace (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Being a dictator was actually the subconscious reaction of many experts. Being a dictator was also what many experts and even many people loved to do. Who didn’t like the rule of the court? Who wouldn’t? Just like now, when he was about to deal with these captives, Xu Tui subconsciously wanted to be dictatorial. He immediately gave An Xiaoxue an order.

But his heart suddenly trembled before he gave the order. He felt that this was not good. It was not that he did not like dictatorship. Instead, if he did everything like this, he would be very tired in the future. He would have to make a decision on everything. Moreover, being a dictator was never a compliment.

Xu Tui felt that he should do less dictatorships for the sake of the healthier development of the Worldly Demon Slayers. For example, he could ask for everyone’s opinion now. Firstly, more people would do better than one. Secondly, it was to re-establish the power system of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial.

“Let’s have a meeting later to discuss the post-war matters.”

Ten minutes later, when the main group began to clean up the battlefield, Xu

Tui called for a meeting with fewer people. The participants were mainly Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Erera, An Xiaoxue, Wei Bin, and Anlevich.

Anlevich had joined with Cai Shaochu’s opinion. Originally, Xu Tui had not considered Anrevich, whose cultivation level was only at the mid-stage of the Six Satellites.

Xu Tui did not consider at all, just like Haydoff, who was from the American Sector. Currently, the extra-terrestrial forces of the American Sector are declining. Among the top forces, only Haydoff was in the Six Satellites, and he had no right to participate. If he wanted to participate in such a meeting, he would have to advance to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

“Although we have completely suppressed the strength of the other alliances, we can’t push them all to the opposite side.” Cai Shaochu was giving Xu Tui some pointers.

Xu Tui nodded. He had listened to Cai Shaochu. At the same time, he asked Cai Shaochu through voice transmission, “What about Ullr? How do we calculate that?”

“Do we have a 100% chance of killing him if we work together?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“Yes, but we might not be able to kill him 100% ” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu frowned. “1 don’t quite understand.”

“It’s very likely that Ullr has a resurrection seal on him. Moreover, the resurrection seal on him might be of a higher level than the one refined by Mr. Shang. Even if we kill him, Ullr will be able to revive with the higher-level Resurrection Seal,” Xu Tui said.

The aura of the Resurrection Seal was extremely magical. After being killed, the mental body would become ethereal. Currently, the known power could not trap it. When he took down Raymont, he had also captured him alive. However, the possibility of capturing Ullr alive was very low.

And the possibility that Ullr had a high-level resurrection seal was very high. Xu Tui had already discovered that there were a total of three Star Official Seals in Ullr’s body through his mental perception. Two of them were unknown.

Since Ullr could give Raymont a resurrection seal, he probably had one himself. Moreover, according to Ullr’s usual habits, it was always best to leave it for himself. Therefore, the Resurrection Seal in Ullr’s hand was very likely to be of a higher level.

“Then call him over. After all, according to you, we need to unite all the powerful combatants of the Blue Star to support the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Ullr was already at the peak of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. In any case, he won’t be able to cause any trouble,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui instantly understood what Cai Shaochu meant. In the core decision-making team, the number of people that Ullr could influence was extremely limited. Adding him, the outcome of the decision would not change. Instead, it would allow Ullr to contribute in the future battle.

Xu Tui immediately agreed. Moreover, he had another very important problem that he did not say. If Ullr had a high-level resurrection seal on him, it was very likely that he had clues about the Samsara Small Universe. If he kept an eye on Ullr, he might be able to find the Samsara Small Universe that had disappeared for a long time.

Soon, the decision-making level of the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star was silently reshuffled again.

The decision-making team was led by Xu Tui, the regiment commander. Then, there were Shang Long, Erera, Cai Shaochu, Ullr, Wei Bin, and An Xiaoxue. There were a total of seven people.

Commander Xu Tui had one vote. At the same time, when it was time to vote on something, Commander Xu Tui had two votes alone.

No one had any objections to this decision. Even if they had any objections, they could only vote. The higher-ups of the Worldly Demon Slayers, such as Haydoff, Ganjiv, Huang Gu, and the others, had already been eliminated.

Times changed. Individual strength was also a very important indicator. If any of them had already broken through to the mid- to late-stage of the Seven

Satellites or even the Eight Satellites, Xu Tui would not be able to ignore them.

“Firstly, regarding the treatment of the captives of the Spiritual Race, my opinion is that other than those who surrendered on the battlefield, the other captives of the Spiritual Race will not do anything to surrender. Execute them all and turn them into cultivation resources,” Xu Tui said.

“Are they Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals?” Ullr was very interested in this.

“Blood Crystal and Silver Spirit Box.”

“Silver Spirit Box?” Ullr suddenly stood up. He knew about such precious resources. It could be said that even in the Spiritual Race, the Silver Box of Spirit was an extremely precious top-notch cultivation resource. The production was limited and was extremely difficult to obtain.

Xu Tui explained that it was similar to refining Soul Crystals..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1