Chapter 1888: Fusion Of The Four Major Origin Power (1)

Chapter 1888: Fusion of the Four Major Origin Power (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s mental perception, which had been strengthened to the sixth star halo after he condensed the star, was too powerful, be it externally or internally. When he was cultivating, he could clearly see any changes in the cultivation process with his introspection.

There were some changes in his cultivation that he could understand, and there were some changes that he could not understand yet. He could not figure out the reason. It could only be said that Xu Tui had not reached that level.

After the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace was completely refined, it was triggered by the Mountain Nova. Not only did it interact with the Mountain

Nova, but it also interacted with the other earth-element power in his body.

Whether it was the Mountain Nova or the Huashan and Hengshan Seals, their auras had increased.

Actually, before this, Xu Tui had refined and comprehended the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace. Other than the slight increase in the origin power of the Water Origin Palace, it was not like now.

The difference was not too great. The origin power that he refined was 100%.

When he was in the Water Origin Palace, the enhancement of the Blizzard Domain Nova was minimal . There were only two fundamental differences. One was Xu Tui’s own strength, especially his mind power.

His mind power was powerful now. It was powerful enough to affect the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace to a certain extent. There was another difference, which was the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Could it be that refining 99% of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had made the origin power in the Earth Origin Palace so enthusiastic?

Xu Tui had to test this out slowly. The improvement was very obvious now. The earth-element origin power in the Earth Origin Palace naturally had the effect of gathering earth-element origin energy. At this moment, his Mountain Nova was being strengthened at high speed.

The speed of strengthening, especially at the beginning, was not slower than his predatory cultivation.

After observing for a long time, Xu Tui finally understood. After the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace shuttled in and out of the Mountain Nova, it achieved a refinement of the power in the Mountain Nova. Naturally, it had a cultivation effect.

Would there be any cultivation effect after this tempering?

The effect of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power on the Mountain Nova was to temper it. However, its effect on the two divine seals, Huashan and Hengshan, was more like repair and strengthening.

Under the shuttle of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power, the damage to the two divine seals quickly recovered. It even filled the two divine seals with a large amount of earth-element energy.

According to Xu Tui’s observations, every time the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace shuttled through the two great divine seals, the complicated inscriptions on the two great divine seals, Huashan and Hengshan, became a little clearer. The aura of the two great divine seals became a little stronger.

Not long after, he revealed a surprised expression. Under the continuous circulation of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power, the aura of the two divine seals, Huashan and Hengshan, continued to increase. The increase every time was very small, but it could not withstand the continuous increase.

Not long after, the aura of these two divine seals had already exceeded the seal of An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Star Official that Xu Tui had sensed previously.

It had to be known that in the ancient Heavenly Court system, if he wanted to give the two Star Officials, Huashan and Hengshan, a grade, using the ninth to first-grade clergy of the Heavenly Court as an example,

it would be an eighth-grade minor clergy seal. At most, it would be a stronger eighth-grade minor clergy. Most ninth-grade minor clergy should be like the City God’s Land.

For example, An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Star Official belongs to the Twelve Zodiacs. It was stronger. In terms of level, it could be classified as a seventh-grade minor clergy. However, it was still a low-level clergy.

yet tne aura or tne two divine seals, Huasnan ana Hengsnan, was constantly increasing under the purification of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. It had climbed from the eighth-grade to the seventh-grade. It was still increasing.

Xu Tui was overjoyed. Among all of his seals, the ones that increased his combat strength the most were the Huashan, Hengshan, and Ji Shui Star Lord. In terms of power enhancement, the Ji Shui Star Lord was inferior to these two divine seals. It was probably because these two divine seals could directly cooperate with Xu Tui’s Mountain Nova to suppress it in the shape of a mountain.

With Xu Tui’s current basic attack power, which was the normal attack power of the early-stage Seven Satellites Planetary realm, if he combined it with either of these two divine seals, he would immediately have the lethality of the early-stage Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

He estimated that he might be able to increase his lethality by a small level and unleash the power of the mid-stage Eight Satellites Planetary realm. If it was enhanced, it would definitely be able to unleash lethality equivalent to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. If he used a secret technique like the Earth Array Mountain Town, he would definitely be able to kill the Nine Satellites.

Of course, under normal circumstances, he could only kill ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Every increase in the aura of the two great divine seals meant that the lethality of his Earth Array Mountain Town had increased. His combat strength would be even stronger in the future. If these two divine seals could be strengthened to the level of a sixth-grade Star Official’s seal by the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace, their power would be even stronger.

A sixth-grade Star Official was the Nine Luminaries Star Lords, which was the seals that Cai Shaochu and Qu Qingshan had gotten.

Unfortunately, things did not develop as Xu Tui had expected.

About three hours later, the comprehension brought about by the refinement ended.

The origin power of the Earth Origin Palace seemed to have refined his Mountain Nova to the extreme. When he strengthened the Mountain Nova to the mid-stage of the seventh star halo, the cultivation effect was greatly reduced compared to before. It had even lost its initiative..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1