Chapter 1885: Top Secret Tunnel And Cultivation

Chapter 1885: Top Secret Tunnel and Cultivation

Comprehension of the Earth Origin Palace (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu was the first to express his stance. “I agree. It can’t be better for the alien species to become our cultivation resources. I think that this can become a regular case in the future. There’s no need to discuss it again.”

Cai Shaochu had always been an extremely iron-blooded racialist. He naturally agreed with Xu Tui’s decision. Erera did not say anything. She only looked at Shang Long. Clearly, Shang Long’s opinion had a huge impact on her.

Shang Long hesitated. He looked at Xu Tui and said, “Xu Tui, killing the captives is ominous!” He added, “It’s not that I’m soft-hearted. It’s just that I think that this might not be good for you. The higher your cultivation, especially after you break through to the Nine Satellites, your comprehension of the Dao and the world will be deeper. You will have such a feeling.”

As the only Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator, Shang Long’s words carried a lot of weight.

“However, Lei Tian of the Spiritual Race has also done such a thing in the past.”

“Lei Tian’s soul has already dissipated,” Shang Long said. “You are the core of the Blue Star’s extra- terrestrial power. Personally, I think that it’s best for you not to do such dirty work.”

Everyone present supported Shang Long’s words. After all, this concerned Xu Tui’s future safety. If this was a long time ago, this would definitely be called a superstition. But now, who dared to say that it was superstition?

Karma and the Heavenly Dao were all complicated and closely related.

Xu Tui was stunned. He suddenly laughed. “Mr. Shang, I understand your kind intentions. However, now that the small universe of the Heavenly Court is about to be breached, there is a possibility that the ten million troops of the three races will charge into the solar system. Why would I care about the future?

“Now, I will only use all the factors I can to increase our strength. If an invisible hand of the Heavenly Dao really punishes me because of this in the future, if I am alive, this hand of the Heavenly Dao will definitely be related to the Blue Star humans. I want to ask, what’s wrong with strengthening the Blue Star humans? If I’m already dead, then everything will be meaningless.” Xu Tui was extremely heroic.

“Alright, I support Commander Xu.” Ullr stood on Xu Tui’s side.

Xu Tui smiled. He already understood what Ullr was thinking. This fellow wanted to take one’s share of the loot. Ullr was thinking that there must be a lot of captives of the Spiritual Race who had been refined into silver boxes. At the very least, he would be able to get one. Why would he not support something that would benefit him?

“I support your decision!” In the end, Shang Long agreed with Xu Tui’s decision. However, he still added, “However, I still have to emphasize something. Xu Tui, you have to pay attention to your future and safety. To a certain extent, your future is already closely related to the future of the Blue Star. So, for the Blue Star and Huaxia, do you understand?”

Xu Tui nodded heavily at Shang Long. In this decision-making meeting, other than this matter, there were no other differences. For example, for the 1.5 million grams of Origin Crystals seized, other than the reward of 100 to 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals distributed to each participant according to their cultivation, the remaining 1.3 million grams of Origin Crystals would all belong to the Worldly Demon Slayers.

The refinement order of the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace was even easier. Xu Tui was the first to refine it. Then, he handed it over to Erera, Ruan Tianzuo, Haydoff, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the other fire-type supernatural beings to experience it.

Refining the origin power of the four Origin Palaces was beneficial to their cultivation. Among the four origin palaces, the newly obtained Fire Origin

Palace would be handed over to the extra-terrestrial forces of the European Sector led by Erera to guard.

It was worth mentioning that with the surrender of Jin Ji and Jin He, and the death of Gu Ji, the other 30% of the origin power that had been wandering outside had completely returned.

From this moment on, the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power was also 100% refined. As a result, the four origin palaces were reassigned.

The Fire Origin Palace was guarded by Erera, Haydoff, and the others. The Water Origin Palace was redistributed to Anlevich, Ullr, and the others. The Wood Origin Palace was guarded independently by the Huaxia Race.

As for the Earth Origin Palace, it was the base of the Worldly Demon Slayers. It was also the core of the future.

Earth Origin Palace was mainly on defense. It could be said that if Chi Jing had occupied the Earth Origin Palace back then, Xu Tui’s previous methods would not have been able to break through the Earth Origin Palace.

They needed at least four Nine Satellites to break through the Fire Origin Palace. In that case, they needed at least six Nine Satellites to break through the Earth Origin Palace.

If someone controlled it, they would need more people. After discussing everything, they began to make a decision on the last question.

“Commander, you said that the small universe of the Heavenly Court is in danger. When should we gather our strength to support the small universe?” Wei Bin asked.

“The sooner the better. If the small universe of the Heavenly Court breaks, our solar system will be finished!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. “Principal, Mr. Shang, it’s naturally better to support the small universe of the Heavenly Court as soon as possible. But to be honest, facing the siege of tens of millions of troops from the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan, the strength of the Blue Star was really a drop in the bucket.

“From the looks of it, it did not have the power to affect the overall situation. Why don’t we take this opportunity to let everyone go home for the New Year? At the same time, we can also take this opportunity to prepare for the worst and the last,” Xu Tui said.

In an instant, the atmosphere in the meeting hall became extremely heavy..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1