Chapter 1882: Victory And Captive Treatment (2)

Chapter 1882: Victory and Captive Treatment (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In other words, if the Fire Spirit Guardian light screen was reactivated a minute later, it meant that the power in the Fire Origin Palace would tremble and calm down. It could be controlled by the controller again and used for attack and defense.

At that time, when the Fire Spirit light screen was activated, they would be isolated from the outside world. If they were not strong enough, Chi Jing and the others could even use the power in the Fire Origin Palace to start a massacre.

Although it was impossible to turn the tables under such circumstances, it could cause a large number of casualties. Therefore, his first goal was to find the holder of the Fire Origin Palace’s origin power and kill him, causing the Fire Origin Palace’s origin power to return.

After the intelligence analysis before the battle, the general staff had analyzed and determined five candidates who might hold the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace. Chi Jing was the first candidate and the first target to be killed.

The flying sword flashed past, and Chi Jing’s head flew up. It was also at this moment that Chi Jing finally recovered from the intense backlash in the origin power. The trembling of his mental body and the darkness in front of his eyes finally eased.

Then, Chi Jing’s expression became extremely terrified. He saw Xu Tui in front of him. He also saw a headless corpse. After being stunned for a moment, Chi Jing realized that the headless corpse was his new body.

Xu Tui did not allow Chi Jing to be afraid. The sword light slashed over, and he cut Chi Jing’s head into two. His mental body flew out. A bright yellow sword light flew out from behind his head. It was the Small God Slaying Sword.

The God Slaying Sword, which had consumed 20% of his mind power, instantly entered Chi Jing’s mental body.

Bang!

Xu Tui could sense that Chi Jing’s mental body had exploded like a watermelon. He could read his mind. He could even hear Chi Jing’s last thought. Capture me. I want to surrender!

Unfortunately, Xu Tui had no choice but to not give Chi Jing a chance to surrender. Chi Jing’s mental body was directly shattered. A ball of fiery red light instantly turned into a stream of light and fled into the depths of the Fire Origin Palace.

That was the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace. As its owner was killed, it had become an ownerless object. At this moment, it had already returned to the Fire Origin Palace.

At this point, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. The Fire Origin Palace had been completely broken through. As for the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace, he would refine it after the battle.

“Yan Lie, guard the lava cave in the center of the Fire Origin Palace. Kill anyone who dares to approach!”

“Understood.” Yan Lie, who was fighting, received Xu Tui’s order and gave up on his opponent without hesitation. He instantly disappeared into the depths of the Fire Origin Palace and guarded the entrance of the lava cave.

Although Yan Lie did not participate in the battle when he attacked the Fire Origin Palace previously, it was mainly because he needed to use long-range attacks.

However, within the Fire Origin Palace, Yan Lie had the aura of a king.

Yan Lie was now at the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. Even an Eight Satellites Planetary realm would be severely injured if he hid his tracks and launched an attack. It was most suitable to guard the lava cave.

Xu Tui swept his gaze around. He had wanted to get Chi Jing’s corpse up and make the remaining Spiritual Race members surrender. However, the small mountain of Origin Crystals on the ground made his eyes widen. He scanned the area with his mental perception. He was a little shocked even after he had broadened his horizons.

More than 1.5 million grams of Origin Crystals. There were more than 1.5 million grams of Origin Crystals gathered here. This massive number of Origin Crystals had been split into five portions. It should be able to be used five times.

It could be imagined that if he could not break through the Fire Origin Palace the third time, Chi Jing would be able to rely on these Origin Crystals to defend to death.

After failing to break through the Fire Origin Palace a few times in a row, the confidence of the Blue Star was about to dissipate.

Xu Tui scanned with his mind power. He had wanted to store the Origin Crystals, but there were too many of them. Although his quantum dimensional chain space was relatively large, it contained many things and had very little space.

“Mr. Li, bring a few people and guard these Origin Crystals. We’ll count them after the battle.” Xu Tui had always been very respectful to Li Qingping. He had also taught him back then.

The Vajra Set of the Vajra Tide Force Field was taught to Xu Tui by Li Qingping. This was Xu Tui’s life-saving asset for a long time. In the next moment, Xu Tui shook the half-crippled corpse. His roar resounded throughout the Fire Origin Palace. “Chi Jing is dead. Those who surrender will not be killed!”

Almost instantly, this roar became a wave of sound. All the Blue Star elites who had charged into the Fire Origin Palace were shouting this sentence. “Chi Jing is dead. Those who surrender will not be killed!”

“Chi Jing is dead. Those who surrender will not be killed!”

To be honest, Chi Jing’s death had a huge impact on the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary army. In an instant, they were forced into a desperate situation, causing the remaining expeditionary army to fall into despair.

However, very, very few people surrendered. Many people were like crazy tigers in despair when they learned that Chi Jing had died in battle. They were all fighting to die together. The decisions of most of the Spiritual Race’s expeditionary forces were almost the same—death in battle!

Death in battle was the best outcome they dared to hope for.

Xu Tui was not surprised by the decision of the remaining Spiritual Race expeditionary forces.

From another perspective, if he led the Blue Star Expeditionary Force into such a desperate situation where they could not turn the tables, he and all the Blue Star Expeditionary Force’s first choice would be to die in battle. They would not even hesitate to use suicidal tactics.

Killing one was enough. He would earn one by risking two. Killing three would earn him a pair.

This was a species war!

It was the cruelest race war!

Perhaps some people did not understand the cruelty of race wars.

For example, in a battle between two groups of lions, the winner would usually kill the lion king opposite him and put the lioness under his crotch..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1