Chapter 1889: Fusion Of The Four Major Origin Energies (2)

Chapter 1889: Fusion of the Four Major Origin Energies (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, Xu Tui realized that he could still gather a large amount of earth-element energy when he used his mind power to activate the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. His cultivation speed was extremely fast.

The cultivation effect was about ten times that of a normal cultivation. Compared to the cultivation effect of the Origin Energy Cultivation Center established by the energy gathering array on Planet Peach, it was still a little inferior.

The cultivation effect there was already about 18 times that of the basic cultivation effect.

There’s something wrong!

When using the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power to cultivate, it should be far stronger than the cultivation effect at the Planet Peach’s Cultivation Center. Of course, it was only limited to earth-element supernatural beings or earth-element novas.

This was because the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace gathered earth-element origin energy. It had an excellent cultivation effect on earth-element supernatural beings or genetic ability chains.

The effect was astonishing when an earth-element supernatural being could cultivate in the Earth Origin Palace or refine a portion of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. The best effect was to completely refine it.

Xu Tui, who had figured out this pattern, felt that he could use this characteristic to target some supernatural beings in the Planetary realm. For example, Miao Huanshan, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Mu Xingluan, and the other pure superb individuals.

However, most of the people from the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had already set off on their way back to the Blue Star. Xu Tui did not call anyone over for the time being.

Although there were still suitable candidates, Xu Tui still had an idea.

Now that the origin power of the four Origin Palaces on Ceres Star had been gathered, would there be any strange changes if the origin power of the four Origin Palaces was gathered in one person?

Also, could he find the four origin small universes that Little Six mentioned that were extremely important to the Blue Star after gathering the origin power of the four Origin Palaces?

Xu Tui was looking forward to it. He immediately stood up. The Earth Origin

Palace continued to be handed over to Wei Bin and the others for modification.

In the future, this would be the headquarters of the Worldly Demon Slayers. Wei Bin would also stay here permanently. He had to undergo relevant modifications.

Xu Tui left the Earth Origin Palace. He arrived at the Fire Origin Palace in a few seconds.

The Fire Origin Palace had already been assigned to Erera and was used by the

American Sector and the European Sector. However, the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace was empty for the time being. They were waiting for Xu Tui, the regiment commander, to refine it first.

There were more fire-type supernatural beings on the Blue Star. For example, Erera, Haydoff, and Ganjiv from the India Sector were also fire-type supernatural beings.

Ganjiv had stayed here when Xu Tui arrived. There was only one thing that he was staying here for: the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace. He wanted to refine and comprehend the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace immediately. If he gained anything, he might be able to break through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

Clearly, these people, including Haydoff, were extremely envious of the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace. However, Ruan Tianzuo was guarding the location of the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace, which was the lava cave.

Perhaps it was because he was old enough or because he had seen too many deaths, Ruan Tianzuo did not have many thoughts about returning to the Blue Star to reunite with his family. He was the only Huaxia human in the expeditionary army who had not returned to the Blue Star for the New Year.

Ruan Tianzuo had taken the initiative to guard this place in Yan Lie’s place. His goal was very clear. After Xu Tui obtained the head soup, he wanted to refine and comprehend the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace immediately.

With the power of the early-stage Eight Satellites Planetary realm, as long as there was an increase, no matter how small the increase, the increase in combat strength and status would be huge.

“Commander.” Ruan Tianzuo walked out of the high-temperature lava cave when he saw Xu Tui arrive. Even if he had not refined the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace, the effect would be extremely good if he cultivated here.

Of course, it was much worse than following behind Xu Tui and plundering the energy of a planet to cultivate. People like Ruan Tianzuo knew the effects of accumulation very well. Bit by bit, over time, that was the key to widening the gap between them and others.

“Yes, you’ve worked hard.”

Ruan Tianzuo’s performance at this stage was not bad. Although he occasionally had some thoughts, he was relatively honest.

For example, under Xu Tui’s feedback, Ruan Tianzuo’s heart was completely opened. “Would the regiment commander let me refine and comprehend the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace after he refined it?”

“You can rest for a while. Wait for me to inform you about the rest.”

Ruan Tianzuo left. While Xu Tui asked Little Six to be on guard, his mind power sank into the rolling lava below and began to refine the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace.

He did not have any fire-type supernatural abilities. He did not even have a fire element genetic ability chain. All of the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace was a little slower when he refined it.

However, with the help of his powerful mind power, he completely refined the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace in just two hours.

A strange realization welled up in Xu Tui’s heart.

Xu Tui could clearly sense the original quantum frequency of fire-element power. He would immediately be able to instantiate some simple fire-type supernatural abilities. After some research, he could instantiate and use some fire-type supernatural abilities that were not too complicated. However, just support was not enough for battle.

Xu Tui would need a long time of intensive research if he wanted to instantiate fire-type supernatural abilities to fight. Therefore, it took a little less time than in the Earth Origin Palace.

It was not as if the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace did not cause any abnormalities. After it was completely refined into his body, his Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal also made the origin power in the Fire Origin Palace extremely excited..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1