Chapter 1887: Top Secret Tunnel And Cultivation

Chapter 1887: Top Secret Tunnel and Cultivation

Comprehension of the Earth Origin Palace (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As for the quantum teleportation channel between the Blue Star and the other planets, this was a secret mission. In the public plan and intelligence, the Moon was still the last barrier of the Blue Star. The Blue Star would not build a quantum teleportation channel with any planet.

However, that was under normal circumstances.

Currently, the alliance of the three races might enter the solar system at any time. In order to successfully implement the final plan, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu discussed and secretly established a multi-person quantum teleportation channel between the solar system and Planet Peach.

Level—Top Secret!

Only Commander Xu Tui had the right to use it. Only Commander Xu Tui could give the order to activate the multi-person quantum teleportation channel between Planet Peach and the Blue Star.

At the same time, this multi-person quantum teleportation channel was usually closed. It would only be connected and activated when Commander Xu Tui gave the order. Of course, this end of the quantum teleportation channel on the Blue Star would definitely be opened in the Huaxia Sector and guarded by people.

If the worst happened, they would be able to build a fire seed evacuation channel in the shortest time possible through this multi-person quantum teleportation channel. As for how many Blue Star humans could evacuate, he did not know. What was certain was that it was impossible to evacuate all of the billions of people on the Blue Star. They might even only be able to take a small portion away.

The future was very likely to be cruel.

Of course, it would be another matter if they managed to defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court. To be honest, it was quite tiring to be the regiment commander, especially after returning to the Blue Star. He was overwrought.

This was with the help of Wei Bin, Cai Shaochu, and the Pangu Super Quantum Intelligence Computer.

Xu Tui worked for half a day. When Cui Xi, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and the others happily set off for the Blue Star for the New Year, Xu Tui finally relaxed and did his favorite thing.

Cultivation was definitely one of Xu Tui’s favorite things. He had nothing to do now. He silently appeared at the top of the Earth Vein Mountain in the middle of the Earth Origin Palace. The Great Xi Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary

Force had been completely destroyed. All the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace had also completely returned.

Xu Tui wanted to refine all of the Origin Energy of the Earth Origin Palace and comprehend it. After all, it was the power of the four Origin Palaces.

Previously, when Xu Tui had completely refined the power of the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace, his strength had increased greatly.

Even though he did not have a wood-type supernatural ability, he had a lot of relevant comprehension.

He leisurely took a step forward and sat on the top of a small mountain inside the Earth Origin Palace. The moment his mind power slowly sank into it, he suddenly felt as if he had been in a daze for half a day.

It was worth mentioning that Cai Shaochu, who had just returned, had worked hard. Jin Ji had told him about the base planet of the Great Xi Clan’s expeditionary army in the solar system. Cai Shaochu had already brought people to surround it.

As Xu Tui sank his mind power into it, he began to quickly refine the other 30% of the Origin Energy that he had not completely refined. Although he had given 70% of the refinement to someone else, it was still very fast to refine it again now.

Moreover, his current mind power was very powerful. The refinement progress was especially fast. In less than an hour, he had completely refined the other 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power.

At the same time, Xu Tui completely refined the origin power of the Earth

Palace.

In an instant, a feeling of command appeared in his heart. At this moment, the entire Earth Origin Palace seemed to be an extension of his body. Everything in the Earth Origin Palace was under his control.

The origin power of the Earth Origin Palace in his mind suddenly flashed and entered his Mountain Nova. In an instant, as the Mountain Nova moved rhythmically, it began to fuse with the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace.

Under the influence of this, or rather, the influence of the origin power in the Earth Origin Palace, the earth-element energy in the Earth Origin Palace and even the entire Ceres Star was spontaneously gathered into Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Nova began to grow rapidly. The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal in his mind also shone brightly and moved. His heart skipped a beat. He activated the two Star Official Seals and tried his best to comprehend the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1