Chapter 1881: Victory And Captive Treatment (1)

Chapter 1881: Victory and Captive Treatment (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Bang! The fire spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace was pierced through like a balloon, but the commotion was much greater.

It could even be described with one word—tragic!

More than half of the 1,000-odd Spiritual Race expeditionary forces from the Fire Origin Palace were fire-type ability cultivators.

This half of the fire-type superb individuals, from the Transmutation Realm to the quasi-planetary realm to the Planetary realm, were all arranged at various array nodes in the Fire Origin Palace.

At these array nodes, a large amount of fire-type Origin Energy would usually surge out, greatly increasing their cultivation speed. However, during wartime, fire-type superb individuals could inject the Origin Energy in their bodies crazily to strengthen the defense of the Fire Origin Palace.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui had yet to breach the fire spirit light screen when he used the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to enhance all the seals.

It was not just because Chi Jing detonated 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Under such circumstances, the fire spirit light screen was shattered, and the fire-type energy gathered there instantly lost its restraint.

It was like a rubber band that suddenly bounced back and vented out towards the various array nodes in the Fire Origin Palace. Hundreds of array nodes crazily spewed out fire-type Origin Energy. Other than a slight difference, the strength was basically the same.

The result was extremely tragic.

Under the backlash of the boundless fire-type energy, more than a hundred Transmutation Realm experts turned into a ball of flames on the spot and were incinerated into ashes.

There were also a portion of Transmutation Realm experts who were a little luckier or had relatively stronger cultivation levels. They vomited blood on the spot and were severely injured. Their internal organs were severely injured and they were unconscious. They were just a little short of death.

The outcome of the quasi-planetary realm was slightly better. But it was only slightly better. All of them vomited blood and were seriously injured. The energy in their bodies was in a mess. They could not even escape, let alone attack.

The Planetary realms were also injured by the impact. Their injuries were of different severity, but it did not affect them from continuing to fight. It was certain that their combat strength had been affected.

The moment the fire spirit light screen shattered, a three-foot-long blood arrow shot out of Chi Jing’s mouth. The mental body that had not completely fused trembled.

It was as if his head had been hit by a hammer. His vision turned black, and his consciousness became chaotic.

This was caused by the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace that Chi Jing had refined.

Chi Jing completely refined the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace into his body. It was also to mobilize the defensive power of the Fire Origin Palace to the greatest extent. But the fire spirit light screen was shattered and Chi Jing suffered a backlash.

Previously, Chi Jing, who was at the peak of the Eight Satellites, would have been injured even if he suffered the backlash of the Fire Origin Palace’s origin power. However, it would definitely not be as serious as now.

It was so serious that his vision turned black and he lost consciousness. At the very least, he had a basic consciousness. It could not be helped. Chi Jing had just lost his physical body and could only possess the body of a Spiritual Race member who had died in battle. This was the worst choice. It was completely normal for there to be a backlash.

As the Fire Spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace was broken, the Spiritual Race expeditionary forces in the Fire Origin Palace were all shocked.

It was broken!

The Fire Origin Palace was breached just like that! Their last hope, the last fortress, had been broken through just like that! In an instant, everyone felt as if they were in a dream. Their reactions were inevitably a little slow.

As for the reaction speed of the Blue Star humans outside the Fire Origin Palace, it was extremely fast. They had made relevant arrangements before the attack.

Once the Fire Spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace was broken, there would be a clear arrangement for which group of people would charge in and which group would continue to be on guard outside.

Xu Tui was naturally the fastest. He looked at the opened Fire Origin Palace and disappeared.

Teleportation.

The sword light formed by Shang Long followed closely behind. Then, Yan Lie, Zhao Hai, Cui Xi, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, and the others, who had been prepared to charge in, rushed in first. In less than half a second, Xu Tui teleported twice in a row and rushed into the Fire Origin Palace. He arrived in front of Chi Jing.

Chi Jing’s head was still in a chaotic state. It had not quickly recovered from the backlash of the Fire Origin Palace’s origin power.

Xu Tui only had one thought when he saw Chi Jing—slash!

Capturing Chi Jing was not a priority. It was mainly because there was an important goal in the strategy of attacking the Fire Origin Palace—the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace. He had to find the holder of the Fire Origin Palace’s origin power and kill him in the shortest time possible. He had to let a portion of the Fire Origin Palace’s origin power return.

This way, even if the Fire Spirit Light Screen of the Fire Origin Palace could be activated, its power would be much weaker than before.

That’s right, the Fire Spirit Light Screen could be restarted. On this point, both Little Six and Xu Tui had come to an affirmative conclusion in their research on the Wood Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace.

If the Guardian light screen of the four Origin Palaces was broken through, based on the degree of the internal energy vibration and the strength of the mind power of the person who controlled the origin power, the restart time of the Guardian light screen would range from one minute to three minutes.

In other words, if the Fire Spirit Guardian light screen of the Fire Origin Palace was broken, it would be activated in a minute at the earliest. In the worst case, it would be activated in three minutes.

Moreover, this was not just a problem with the Fire Spirit Guardian screen.

Not only could he master the origin power of the four origin palaces, but he could also mobilize the origin power of the four origin palaces to attack and defend the various origin palaces..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1