Chapter 1880: Xu Tui’S Killing Move And Breach (4)

Chapter 1880: Xu Tui’s Killing Move and Breach (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Chi Jing was still extremely decisive. In a flash, he appeared at the small mountain of Origin Crystals that was piled up in the empty area of the Fire Origin Palace. There were at least a million grams of Origin Crystals piled up here. They were divided into four portions, each containing at least 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

This was all their inventory. Several people were on standby here.

‘Guidance!” As Chi Jing roared, his mind power surged out. He and the superb individual guarding here used their mind power to instantly convert the 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals into pure Origin Energy.

The ground in the Fire Origin Palace shook again. The Fire Spirit light screen fluctuated violently. It was about to be shattered, but as the Origin Crystals replenished it, the Fire Spirit light screen actually withstood it again.

“We defended it!” Chi Jing roared excitedly again. Excited cheers sounded in the Fire Origin Palace. As for the dozen or so quasi-planets that had been killed by the rebound just now, no one cared.

“We defended it, we defended it again!” Cheers shook the sky in the Fire Origin

Palace.

Outside the Fire Origin Palace, the expressions of the Blue Star experts were a little ugly, and so, their morale had also increased. It was obvious from the scene just now that Xu Tui had already used his trump card.

“Hmph, I don’t believe that you can still hold on.” Xu Tui sneered and ordered loudly, “Accumulate energy. Explode in a minute!”

“Come at me! You can’t break through the Fire Origin Palace.” As he laughed, Chi Jing shouted in the Fire Origin Palace, “Origin Crystals, everyone, except for the necessary Origin Crystals, gather them here. As long as we defend two to three more times, the Blue Star humans will be destroyed.”

It had to be said that the Spiritual Race was relatively rich. Among the thousands of Spiritual Race Warriors, they actually gathered 600,000 grams of Origin Crystals. There were two more portions of Origin Crystals to replenish the consumption of the Fire Origin Palace. There were still five portions left, 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals each.

In other words, it could withstand at least five attacks from the Blue Star humans. There was no need for five attacks. They only needed to attack two to three more times before the morale of the Blue Star humans would dissipate. Moreover, this attack would end.

The reason was very simple. Under such a full-powered attack, it consumed a lot of an individual’s strength.

Many Planetary realm experts would only be in this state for three to five minutes. At most, they would attack three to five times before the Blue Star’s attack would dissipate. He might be able to take the opportunity to counterattack.

For a moment, not only Chi Jing, but even the Spiritual Race’s garrison became much more confident.

Xu Tui naturally knew this.

“Get ready. Again!” Xu Tui shouted. He activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole again. Divine light shone brightly, and the light of all the seals shone brightly. But he knew very well that this situation of concentrated fire was very similar to morale. It would be exhausted in one go.

If they could not attack three times, they would not be able to break through today. Three times, which was the output of a supernatural being’s ability for three minutes, was already the limit of many Planetary realms.

“Kill!” Xu Tui roared. Everyone focused their fire again. Just like before, the attacks were overwhelming.

Chi Jing in the Fire Origin Palace also immediately attracted an Origin Crystal to replenish the energy consumption of the Fire Origin Palace. Just as Xu Tui’s Earth Array smashed down, his mental voice suddenly sounded on the other side. “Principal, you can attack now.”

Silently, the Tu Yao Star Official’s seal that was flickering with an earthen yellow light suddenly soared into the sky and joined the range of the enhancement of the South Pole’s Longevity Emperor’s seal.

Cai Shaochu, who was emitting the Eight Satellites Planetary realm aura, instantly rushed into the frontline of the main force. The moment the Tu Yao Star official’s seal was enhanced and gave him feedback, he shouted softly, “Suppress!”

A terrifying phantom of the word ‘suppress’ mixed with Xu Tui’s earth array phantom blasted down. Its aura was extremely powerful, even stronger than the attacks of the Eight Satellites like Erera.

Xu Tui could sense that Cai Shaochu’s current attack power was infinitely close to that of the Nine Satellites, especially with the enhancement of the completely refined Tu Yao Star Official Seal.

The mountains, the word ‘suppress’, the sword light, and the various lights of the others instantly fell. The fire spirit light screen of the Fire Origin Palace suddenly shattered like paper.

Chi Jing was stunned. The fire spirit light screen was broken!

The Fire Origin Palace was about to be breached!

The time was 23:59:36, February 4, 2142!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1