Chapter 1886: Top Secret Tunnel And Cultivation

Chapter 1886: Top Secret Tunnel and Cultivation

Comprehension of the Earth Origin Palace (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Everyone understood what Xu Tui meant by the worst-case scenario and his final plan.

If the alliance army of the three races charged into the solar system through the Heavenly Gate Vortex in the south, the Blue Star humans would have to bring a portion of their fire seeds and wander the universe.

“Is it that serious?” Erera was stunned.

“As long as the small universe of the Heavenly Court is destroyed, we will no longer have any hope of continuing to live in the solar system, ” Xu Tui said.

Both Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin had heavy hearts. To be honest, in the past two to three years, the development of the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial power had been several times that of the previous decades. In terms of overall power, it had far exceeded any year since the Great Genetic Age.

However, the crisis they faced was also the most dangerous. If they did not make preparations early, their race might be exterminated at any time.

“Then make preparations early.” Shang Long expressed his stance, but at the same time, he said, “If it really comes to that, I’ll cover the retreat.”

Shang Long’s tone was calm, but it was extremely determined. They did not talk about the problem of covering the retreat. They had not reached that stage yet. The key now was to make preparations early.

“Then let’s do as the regiment commander says. We’ll get the expeditionary army to prepare early after we return home,” Cai Shaochu said.

Many major matters were decided just like that. Xu Tui would decide on the rest of the matters.

First, it was the rewards for the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

There was no need to mention the battle merits of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force this time. They could be said to have unparalleled contribution points.

Many of the spoils and gains were enough to change the situation in the future.

They also brought along a large number of precious resources. Xu Tui, An

Xiaoxue, and the others’ quantum dimensional chains were filled to the brim. Moreover, other than the Imown gains from this battle, there was another greater gain.

Expeditions outside consumed a lot of resources. However, during this expedition, they nurtured themselves with battle. They plundered every planet they destroyed in the Spiritual Race and gained a lot.

Including the fact that they had cleaned out the family fortune of Can Li, who desperately wanted money, they had brought about a massive harvest. From start to finish, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had broken through more than a dozen planets along the way. In the end, they obtained a total of 2.01 million grams of Origin Crystals.

The total number that Cui Xi calculated shocked Xu Tui. It was a little like killing and setting fire to the Golden Belt. Two million grams of Origin Crystals. At the moment, he would probably have to plunder all the stockpiles on the Blue Star.

Of course, this was a total gain.

The consumption of energy during the expedition was also huge, especially when he used the quantum teleportation channel. In order for all the members to maintain an extremely high state, Xu Tui not only distributed a large number of Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals, but he also distributed a large number of Origin Crystals.

In the end, when he returned from the expedition, he still had 560,000 grams of Origin Crystals left. It was a considerable asset.

In the end, Xu Tui waved his hand. All the members of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, including Tao Guan, who had died in battle with only his mental body left, and Ullr, had 560,000 grams of Origin Crystals according to their battle merits.

There were a total of 33 members, and each of them received more than 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

For example, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue obtained the most. They all obtained more than 50,000 grams. Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Wen Xinglun, Jagren, and the others obtained 20,000 to 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

With the rewards of this batch of Origin Crystals, he believed that the cultivation and strength of the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force would increase slightly in the future. Their overall strength had reached the mid- to late-stage of the Five Satellites. Even a small increase in strength was very powerful.

“Xiaoxue, you and Jagren will bring the expeditionary army members and some of the members who are going back to the Blue Star to return to the Moon. They only have three days of vacation. We’ll deal with the captives after we send them back,” Xu Tui said.

“What about us? When are we going home? I miss Auntie and the others a little,” An Xiaoxue said.

At the mention of his Darents, Xu Tui looked in the direction of the Blue Star.

His smile became bitter. “I miss them too.”

“We should find the time to make a trip back. Since we’ve prepared for the worst, we still have to meet. Otherwise, it might be an eternal regret,” An Xiaoxue said.

An Xiaoxue’s words made Xu Tui’s heart tremble. It was an eternal regret. That was really possible.

“Alright, then send them off first. Then, come back and deal with the captives with me. After we deal with the captives, we’ll find the time to return home together. A few hours,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

After arranging An Xiaoxue’s mission, Xu Tui immediately called Cai Shaochu, Wen Xinglun, Yanzi, Qu Qingshan, and the others over. He got them to quickly build a multi-person quantum teleportation channel within the solar system with the multi-person quantum array core that they had already refined.

Thanks to Tu Hou’s generosity, when testing the core of the quantum array, he provided a large number of key materials to refine the quantum array core, especially the extremely rare Purple Star Crystals and meteorite ash.

According to Yan Wuyu’s estimation, the current stockpile of Purple Star Crystals and meteorite ashes could refine at least 100 sets of quantum teleportation array cores. There were a total of 30 sets of cores for the quantum teleportation array that had been refined.

It could be seen how important Yan Wuyu was.

In the current plan, they had to form a rapid teleportation channel in the solar system at an important node. Even without the enhancement and support of An Xiaoxue and Jagren, they had to build a Planetary realm rapid circulation channel in the solar system.

Planet Kono and Ceres Star, Ceres Star and Mars, Planet Kono and Moon, Mars, Planet Kono and Planet Liuxia, Mars and Planet Peach, Mars and Moon, and so on..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1