Chapter 1899 Gong Ling'S Future And Homecoming (1)

Chapter 1899  Gong Ling's Future and Homecoming (1)

Planet Spirit, Spiritual Cultivation Center.

One after another, the Silver Boxes of Spirit lit up from the terminals collected from the Spirit Cultivation Center. That was a sign that they had been filled with spirits. An invisible force caused the Silver Spirit Boxes to fly up and land in Xu Tui's hand. Xu Tui's face was filled with a happy smile.

He had never planned to give the captives of the Spiritual Race too many chances. Those who did not surrender on the battlefield would definitely not be given a second chance to surrender. This was the outcome for all of them. For all of them to be sent to the Spirit Cultivation Center and reverted to the initial spirit by the production line they developed themselves.

And it was the kind that was whipped alive. It was very painful and miserable. Of course, it was much better than the way they dealt with the Blue Star humans previously. The Blue Star humans who had been captured or bought by them back then had been raised like animals. The continuous spirit extraction had turned them into living dead.

"I feel that this is a little cruel."

A hint of pity suddenly flashed across An Xiaoxue's eyes. Xu Tui was a little puzzled. He could understand why women were naturally soft-hearted, but he could not hear the screams of the Spiritual Race captives in the Spiritual Cultivation Center.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. Perhaps it was because An Xiaoxue had been interacting with the Spiritual Race people like Yanzi, Yan Wuyu, Lang Biao, and Lang Ju for a long time that she felt that the Spiritual Race was the same as the Blue Star humans. Only then did she feel cruel.

Was the Spiritual Race the same as the Blue Star humans? There was a huge difference in their sizes. However, it was impossible to find 100,000 Spiritual Race members among millions of Blue Star humans with just their physical bodies.

From this point of view, the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans had the same appearance. It was normal for An Xiaoxue to have such thoughts. It was mainly because she had lived with Yanzi day and night when she was on Asteroid 433 for safety.

"Is it cruel?" Xu Tui gently pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms. "The Spiritual Race is a foreign race. They are an alien species. It's just that they look a little like us on the outside. Remember, the Spiritual Race members who surrendered are our own people. These Spiritual Race members are the enemy. It's not too much for us to deal with them."

Xu Tui had thought that An Xiaoxue had softened her heart. However, An Xiaoxue shook her head gently. "It's not what you think."

"Hmm?" Xu Tui tried his best not to use Psychic Mind Reading in front of An Xiaoxue. It would be boring to use it for too long.

Xu Tui had thought that An Xiaoxue had softened her heart. However, An Xiaoxue shook her head gently. "It's not what you think."

"Hmm?" Xu Tui tried his best not to use Psychic Mind Reading in front of An Xiaoxue. It would be boring to use it for too long.

"There's a research result that you might not have noticed."

"Hmm?"

"Ah Huang," An Xiaoxue shouted softly. "There are more than 2,000 research samples accumulated for this research result. It already has basic persuasive power."

Ah Huang displayed a research result in front of Xu Tui. It was the result of a long-term research on the full genetic map of the Spiritual Race. The focus of this research result was similarity. The information of the Spiritual Race's genomic chain and the Blue Star humans' genomic chain.

Ever since they took down Planet Kono, the Blue Star humans had begun to obtain research samples of the Spiritual Race. Up until now, when they broke through the Fire Origin Palace, they had obtained more than 2,000 research samples, be it alive or dead.

The results of the most advanced equipment analysis showed that the Spiritual Race's genomic chain was more than 99.5% similar to that of the Blue Star humans, especially compared to the Huaxia humans.

The difference was not even 0.5%. According to the analysis of the experts, this 0.5% difference in the genomic chain was most likely caused by the inconsistent living environment for more than a thousand years.

Conclusion—The Spiritual Race might have the same bloodline as the Huaxia Race of the Blue Star, but it had split thousands of years ago.

"You want to say that the Spiritual Race might have the same bloodline as us?"

"It's not a possibility. You've been a researcher before. You know the rules of research." An Xiaoxue's pretty face became a little stern and serious.

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue and suddenly said, "I'll remember that, Miss An."

An Xiaoxue was stunned. Xu Tui had not called her that for a long time. Now… Suddenly, she looked at Xu Tui, who was still hugging her, and smiled. "Is there anyone who treats a teacher like you?"

"Miss An, this is 2142." Without waiting for An Xiaoxue to say anything, Xu Tui's mouth covered hers. He could only skip this part. However, after the passion, Xu Tui had to pay attention to An Xiaoxue's feedback.

The Spiritual Race might have come from the same lineage as the Huaxia humans more than a thousand years ago. Many things might be unearthed behind this research result. Even the secret of the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court back then was related to this.

The future…

But now, the Spiritual Race was an alien species. They were mortal enemies that he had to kill. This was not something that could be determined by a full map analysis of the genomic chain. This was determined by the positions of both sides.

Xu Tui had used the Spiritual Race captive to extract the spirit this time. It once again proved that a Planetary realm powerhouse was the best target to use to extract the spirit.

Of course, it had to be an alien species. Humans on the Blue Star could not be treated like this. This was a taboo rule. A Seven Satellites Planetary realm captive had filled Xu Tui with two Silver Spirit Boxes. Hundreds of thousands of one-eyed ant beasts could not even provide two Silver Spirit Boxes.

Of course, if it was the other way around, he would not be able to nurture a Seven Satellites Planetary realm with powerful mind power with just two silver boxes.

However, it was enough for Xu Tui for now.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1