Chapter 1897 The Fire Slip Function And The Use Of Captives (2)

Chapter 1897  The Fire Slip Function and the Use of Captives (2)

However, he could not abuse it. If someone was too greedy and directly refined or devoured a portion of the four Origin Energy, they would lose a lot.

Xu Tui thought about it and temporarily set a rule for himself. He only needed to report and approve the comprehension of the Origin Energy of the various Origin Palaces. However, if he wanted to fuse the Origin Energy of the four Origin Palaces to comprehend it, he had to have Xu Tui's approval and supervision.

This was the foundation of the Blue Star's Nine Satellites. Xu Tui would not allow anyone to damage it.

While he made many decisions, Xu Tui activated his powerful mind power. The four origin powers that had originally fused suddenly split into four. The four balls of light shone and became independent.

After dissipating the mind power that had been injected into it, the origin power of the four Origin Palaces immediately flew out of Xu Tui's mind and returned to their respective homes.

"Mr. Shang, you should have some comprehension after refining all four origin powers of the four original palaces into your body. Your current strength should be able to increase. Pay attention, your seal might have some thoughts about the four-origin power fusion ball. Pay attention to suppress it." Xu Tui contacted Shang Long directly.

"It can improve a Nine Satellites Planetary realm like me?" Shang Long was a little surprised.

"There will definitely be. It's very mysterious. After you finish comprehending it, hand it over to Miss Erera, then hand it over to Principal Cai. In the future, if one wants to comprehend the origin power of the four Origin Palaces at the same time, they have to obtain my or your approval," Xu Tui explained simply.

"Understood."

Both Shang Long and Cai Shaochu understood that the source of the abnormal phenomena in the four origin palaces of Ceres Star should have originated from Xu Tui's actions just now. However, this was a good thing.

Ceres Star, especially the extremely powerful energy concentration in the four Origin Palaces, was too efficient in nurturing supernatural beings in the Planetary realm.

According to the current situation, talented genetic newcomers would be able to break through from the Genetic Liberation Realm to the Planetary realm in three to five years if they entered the four Origin Palaces to cultivate.

If the Blue Star was given ten years, it should be very easy for them to have over thousands of Planetary realms. But now, what they lacked the most was time.

"Principal, how's the situation on Saturn? Is it suitable for migration? Can it be developed?" Xu Tui appeared in front of Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu personally went to the Suppressing Star, which was Saturn, and let his Tu Yao Official Seal completely return to its position and be refined. He activated the massive amount of Origin Energy accumulated in Saturn and his cultivation soared in a few months.

For example, Qu Qingshan had refined the Huo Yao Official's Seal, which corresponded to Mars. Unfortunately, Mars had been developed by the Blue Star Humans for a long time and had pitifully little accumulation, so he had only broken through a realm back then.

However, because Saturn was too far away, no one had stepped foot on it all these years. The accumulation was extremely thick. This allowed Cai Shaochu to advance from the mid-stage of the Six Satellites Planetary realm to the early-stage of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

"Immigration? The living environment on Saturn is publicly acknowledged to be harsh. When I first arrived, I was fighting against harsh environments half the time," Cai Shaochu said.

"Is there a possibility of building a base? I want to be on guard," Xu Tui said.

Even Cai Shaochu, who was at the Six Satellites Planetary realm, had an extremely difficult time surviving on Saturn.

The extremely harsh living environment of Saturn was a natural defense barrier. If they could secretly establish an underground survival base, with the characteristics of the Huaxia Humans' infrastructure demon, it would not be a problem to create a base of millions of people.

The pressure on Xu Tui from the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan when tens of millions of troops attacked the small universe of the Heavenly Court was too great. Xu Tui was running a cunning rabbit with three burrows.

It did not matter if he did not need it. However, if he used it, the Huaxia Fire Seed would not be destroyed.

"There's a possibility of it being built, but it will be very difficult in the beginning. In the initial construction of the base, an expert at my level has to constantly protect the construction robots. The low temperature is not a problem. The key is that the gust on the surface is too terrifying!" Cai Shaochu said.

"Experts like us protect robots?" Xu Tui shook his head after he received an affirmative answer. He did not have the time to do that yet. In the future, when there are more experts, they might be able to do it. Opening an underground base on Saturn and then connecting it to a multi-person quantum teleportation channel should be able to develop an additional safe base for the Blue Star.

"How do you plan to reinforce the Heavenly Court?" Cai Shaochu suddenly asked.

"Our own strength is too weak. Let's see if we can mobilize more of the power of the small universe of the Heavenly Court," Xu Tui said.

"When are you going?"

"The expeditionary army will return in three days at most."

"I'll apply to join too," Cai Shaochu suddenly said.

Xu Tui laughed when he heard that. "Principal, you're thinking too much. You're at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. When the time comes, you'll definitely have the life to charge into the battle. Even if you don't come, I'll drag you in."

...

The matters of the four major origin palaces had come to an end with Xu Tui for the time being. However, there were many things that were placed in front of him.

The first thing was to escort the captives to Planet Spirit.

Currently, with An Xiaoxue and the multi-person quantum teleportation channel, it was very fast to escort these Planetary realm captives. The two multi-person quantum teleportation channels were completed in a day and a half.

Planet Spirit was Xu Tui's base camp. It was currently guarded by the Spiritual Queen.

The Spiritual Queen was a Planetary realm alien species. Over the years, under the resources provided by Xu Tui, she had already broken through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm and was in the late-stage of the Three Satellites.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1