Chapter 1894 Origin Of The Human Genetic Ability Chain And The Origin Of The Red Fire Slip (2)

1894 Origin of the Human Genetic Ability Chain and the Origin of the Red Fire Slip (2)

Then, it was the frost puppet.

The four-origin power fused with the ball of light and entered the frost puppet. In an instant, the power of the frost puppet fused with the water power inside. Then, it continuously refined the four-origin power of earth, water, wind, and fire.

Gradually, Xu Tui's Frost Puppet Nova began to change.

It was no longer a pure frost puppet. There were some changes to its attribute.

In the past, the frost puppet would quickly melt when it encountered a fire-type supernatural being. But now, the frost puppet's body was restrained and there was a thick ice screen on the surface of its body. It would take even longer for a fire-type supernatural being to melt it.

It was the same for the forces of the other schools. To summarize it, the various resistances of the frost puppet had become stronger.

Xu Tui rarely used the ability of the Frost Puppet now. He only used it occasionally as a meat shield. It was not even qualified as a meat shield. It was mainly because the level of resistance was too low.

The frost puppet that Xu Tui had condensed from a Seven Satellites Planetary realm could not even withstand a Six Satellites Planetary realm for a few seconds. It was getting more and more useless.

However, it was different after the refinement of the four-origin power ball today.

With his current power on the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, even if the frost puppet giant that he had condensed could not resist the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, it could still hold back the Seven Satellites Planetary realm for a minute or two.

The last one to enter the four-origin power ball was the Frost Nova. Why did he say that it was the last to enter? This was because although the four-origin power had walked one round, it was foreseeable that the improvement would not be too great. At most, it would increase a little.

Of course, it was also because of Xu Tui's overall strength. This overall improvement would be an advantage for cultivators of the same level in the future.

The only thing that Xu Tui looked forward to or put in a lot of effort was the Frost Nova. The supernatural ability of the Frost Nova was actually a Frost Power Star. It suddenly exploded in all directions in the form of a ring. It was a very practical group attack ability. If he could break into the enemy group, especially among low-level enemies, the power of this ability would become very shocking.

In the end, there were no changes to the Frost Nova like the Five Mountains Suppressing Star. Xu Tui tried to fuse the Ice Sword Formation into it a few times, but there was no array in the end.

These abilities were not completely compatible with the Ice Sword Formation. For example, the Mountain Nova was too compatible with the Earth Array.

Xu Tui was wondering if there was a genetic ability chain like the Ice Sword. If there was, he could activate the genetic ability chain of the Ice Sword, condense the star, and then use the four-origin power ball to temper it. In the end, he would definitely be able to solidify the Ice Sword Formation into a nova.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not find the genetic ability chain of the Ice Sword even after he searched his memories.

Suddenly, a question appeared in his mind. Without the genetic ability chain of the Ice Sword, how did the genetic ability chains he activated and cultivated come about? For example, the Mountain Nova, the mental hammer, the Frost Puppet, or the spiritual resonance?

Where did these genetic ability chains come from? Genetic? Or development? Or a combination? If that was the case, how did the original genetic ability chain in a human's body come about? A natural awakening? Or a combination?

Suddenly, Xu Tui realized that he might have thought of a landmark problem. What was the original source of a human's genetic ability chain? Genetic? Awakening? Postnatal combination?

If they studied this problem clearly, the strength of the Blue Star humans might increase by leaps and bounds. In an instant, many experimental research plans flashed through his mind. No matter which plan it was, it would take a long time of exploration and research to produce any results. It was impossible to figure it out in a short period of time.

However, Xu Tui, a researcher who had personally researched and developed the genetic ability chain of super reaction speed, had a deeper thought. The original source of a human's genetic ability chain might not be just genetic inheritance.

If it was just a genetic inheritance, why were there no relevant records before that? It would be impossible for the initial genetic ability chain to appear out of thin air. Genetic inheritance must be a major factor. But could it be a combination?

Currently, the genetic ability chains that humans discovered or could cultivate were genetic ability chains that had been discovered in the past. If he could study all the Genetic Base Points in a human's body or a portion of them, would he be able to form a new genetic ability chain at will?

As for the genetic ability chain of the Ice Sword that he was thinking about at this moment, there was also a possibility of it being combined. In an instant, Xu Tui activated his mind power and turned it into illusory introspection.

Under the illusory introspection, tens of thousands of spots of light appeared in his body. Xu Tui was slightly stunned by his mental perception.

In the past, he had seen the massive number of Genetic Base Points in his body countless times. However, he could only see a lot and could not count them accurately.

Now, as his mental perception became extremely powerful, he instantly counted all the Genetic Base Points under the illusory introspection.

35,999. This specific number had completely exceeded Xu Tui's imagination.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1