Chapter 1896 Fire Slip Function And The Use Of Captives (1)

Chapter 1896  Fire Slip Function and the Use of Captives (1)

In an instant, the red light of the red fire slip filled Xu Tui's introspection. Under his introspection, the red light of the red fire slip was filled. In the next moment, Xu Tui was shocked to discover that an image was vaguely appearing in the spreading red light. The closer he got to the direction of the red fire slip, the clearer the image became.

Xu Tui activated his mental perception and observed carefully. Gradually, he saw the image clearly.

Sea of fire.

It was a place that looked like a sea of fire. Below him was the red flowing magma. The magma looked crystal clear, but he could still feel the terrifying high temperature from inside. Above the red crystal-like magma were all kinds of flames.

There were red flames, black flames with a hint of red, and tricolored flames. In the middle was an extremely bright red fire. He felt that this fire was extremely pure. No other flames dared to approach outside the range of this pure fire. The outermost area was red and black flames. It had the largest range and the largest quantity.

Was it purely a place of flames? Through the red fire slip, Xu Tui saw a place that was purely made of fire. It could even be said to be the world. That was because he felt that the area he saw through the red fire slip was very large. However, he could only see through the red fire slip, so it was just a blurry feeling.

What did he mean by seeing such a scene?

Xu Tui could not understand. He continued to sense and injected his mental perception into the red fire slip. He suddenly sensed a blurry location with his powerful mental perception. It was an extremely blurry approximate location.

The final direction of the red fire slip was actually a blurry location?

Xu Tui was lost in thought. Then where was it pointing? Location? A place that was filled with fire and sparkling magma. Was it very big? A world filled with flames? He suddenly raised his eyebrows. A world of fire? Could it be one of the four Origin Universes, the Fire Origin Universe?

Xu Tui felt that the probability was very high. The location indicated by the red fire slip was most likely one of the four origin small universes, the Fire Origin Small Universe.

According to what Little Six had said previously, the most important thing was to find the four small origin universes. If they could find them, they would be able to reconnect with the solar system. The massive amount of Origin Energy in the four small origin universes would be able to replenish the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system and restore the protective barrier of the solar system to its previous strength.

If this was in the past, Xu Tui would definitely have given up on all other matters when he discovered this position. He would have brought the four origin powers of the four Origin Palaces to integrate the light ball and activate the red fire slip to sense and search for one of the four Origin Universes, the Fire Origin Universe.

As long as they found it, the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, which had consumed a lot of energy over the years, would be replenished. The humans of the Blue Star would obtain precious time to develop.

However, he could not do that now. The alliance of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan might break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court and invade Ceres Star at any time.

At this moment, it was useless even if he restored the solar system's high-temperature fire screen to its peak state. His first choice at this moment was naturally to support the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Of course, it would be best if he could vaguely sense the location of the Fire Origin Small Universe. However, it was very blurry. He could sense that the location of the Fire Origin Small Universe was very far and blurry.

Xu Tui had a stupid way to find the location of the Fire Origin Universe. He would use the four-origin power to fuse the light ball to activate the red fire slip. Then, he would bring it through the quantum teleportation channel in the universe.

Then, he would be able to sense the general sense of distance and direction from the planets in different locations. He would be able to find the basic direction of the Fire Origin Universe. Then, he would be able to find the location of the Fire Origin Universe by exploring in this direction.

In theory, the closer he got to the Fire Origin Small Universe, the more accurate his senses became.

Of course, that was under normal circumstances. If the Fire Origin Small Universe was in the sun, then Xu Tui…

No matter what, this was not the time for him to search for the Fire Origin Small Universe. A few minutes later, he activated his mind power and separated the four-origin power consolidation ball from the red fire slip.

The moment it separated, the flames of the red fire slip instantly retracted. It instantly became quiet. The previous sense of location was gone. However, Xu Tui was surprised to discover that the red fire slip itself seemed to have changed.

The red fire slip was originally a thin jade slip. At this moment, it became even more three-dimensional. The ancient patterns on it became even more mysterious, and the aura it emitted became even hotter.

Xu Tui could even sense an extremely pure fire flowing within it. He somewhat understood why the negative power of the Blood Crystal and the Soul Crystal could be purified and suppressed by the red fire slip.

This should be related to the extremely pure fire in the red fire slip.

What exactly was the red fire slip? Was it a treasure? Or the coordinates to the Fire Origin Small Universe? Or the key to opening the Fire Origin Small Universe?

Xu Tui had gained a lot from fusing the four great origin powers of the four Origin Palaces. Most importantly, it had transformed into the Five Mountains Suppressing Star. This was the cornerstone for his future breakthrough into the Nine Satellites.

The foundation of the Nine Satellites. However, Xu Tui had a question. His main planet was the main planet of mind power. Would there be a conflict if the foundation of the Nine Satellites was the Five Mountains Suppressing Star?

Xu Tui still had to figure everything out himself. Most importantly, he had discovered a shortcut to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm for the future peak-level Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1