Chapter 1898 The Fire Slip Function And The Use Of Captives (3)

Chapter 1898  The Fire Slip Function and the Use of Captives (3)

The combat power on the ground was definitely comparable to the Four Satellites. In the past two years, with the intervention of the human forces on the Blue Star, Ah Huang had come up with an outstanding and faster reproduction plan.

As for the lack of food, it would be transported directly from the Blue Star and the other major planets.

Blue Star would definitely have enough to produce feed, especially since there were many resource planets.

Under such circumstances, the number of one-eyed ant beasts reproducing was five times that of the past. However, the antmen still controlled the number, especially the number of spirits they gave.

The massive number of one-eyed ant beasts that had been reproduced were all sent to the Spiritual Cultivation Center according to Xu Tui's instructions.

It was also the place left behind by the Spiritual Race to produce the Silver Box of Spirit. He directly threw the one-eyed ant beasts into the production line of the Spiritual Cultivation Center and extracted their spirits.

There was no need to consider the feelings of the antman and the queen. In their understanding, they were noble. The one-eyed ant beast was different from them. Even they hated the one-eyed ant beast that was everywhere now.

When Lei Tian was controlling the Spiritual Cultivation Center here, it was only opened once every many years. On average, only one Silver Spirit Box could be accumulated every year. After all, the one-eyed ant beasts were beasts. There were too few spirits in their bodies.

However, there were too many of them.

Currently, Xu Tui has increased the reproduction of the One-Eyed Ant by five times through the resources of the other planets. He had even begun to reproduce through other planets.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could only obtain five Silver Boxes of Spirit a year. The yield was five times that of when Lei Tian was controlling it. However, it was still too little in comparison.

Five Silver Spirit Boxes a year was too little. It was not that Xu Tui had not tried it before. In the past two years, he had been researching all kinds of animals on the Blue Star.

Pigs, cows, sheep, chickens, ants, fish, and so on. Unfortunately, anyone who could reproduce in large numbers, such as pigs, chickens, fish, and ants, obtained pitifully little spirits. They could even be ignored.

In the current research, the monkeys of the Blue Star obtained the most spirits when they invested in it. It was even much higher than the one-eyed ant beast. The spirit extracted by a monkey was more than five times that of the one-eyed ant beast.

However, in terms of reproduction efficiency, the one-eyed ant beast was more than ten times that of a monkey.

Up until now, Xu Tui had not found a creature with a bigger head like the One-eyed Ant Beast that was more suitable for extracting spirits. In the future, he might be able to develop a better species to extract spirits. However, one-eyed ant beasts were the most suitable.

Xu Tui had already planned to set up a base on two more planets in the next year to rear one-eyed ant beasts. He increased the production of the Silver Spirit Box from five a year to ten a year.

At the same time, he would mobilize the top biological experts to see if they could nurture more one-eyed ant beasts.

There was never too much of the Silver Spirit Box. As long as the mental body was much stronger, it would be very fast no matter what one cultivated. It would affect the base number. It could be said to be very important.

Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue along and opened the Spiritual Cultivation Center. There were only four Silver Boxes of Spirit that had been accumulated. He was still a little short of the other one.

It was a little too little.

Only Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue could open the Spiritual Cultivation Center independently. There was also a backup program. If anything happened to them, it would be handed over to Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and the others first.

"Put all these captives into the Spiritual Cultivation Center one by one," Xu Tui ordered the Spiritual Queen.

Among the sober captives, Lei Zhen instantly screamed. "Xu Tui, you can't!" I surrender! I…"

The Spiritual Queen was very determined to carry out Xu Tui's orders. Lei Zhen, who was struggling the most, was the first to be thrown into the production line of the Spiritual Cultivation Center.

Ten minutes later, a Silver Spirit Box began to emit a faint light. It had been filled. Then, silver boxes of Spirit were filled one after another. This was why Xu Tui had kept these Spiritual Race captives.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1