Chapter 1890: Fusion Of The Four Major Origin Energies (3)

Chapter 1890: Fusion of the Four Major Origin Energies (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, the seal of the Southern Huo De was of a high level. The origin power in the Fire Origin Palace did not increase it much.

Xu Tui still spent a few hours using his strongest mental perception to carefully comprehend and sense the fire origin power in the Fire Origin Palace. He had a better understanding of the characteristics of the Fire Origin Energy. He would be more relaxed when dealing with fire-type supernatural beings in the future.

Five hours later, when he came out of the lava cave in the Fire Origin Palace, Ruan Tianzuo, Haydoff, Ganjiv, and the others, who had been waiting in the Fire Origin Palace, instantly gathered. They looked at Xu Tui expectantly.

They all wanted to refine and comprehend the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace. Xu Tui ignored them and went straight to Erera. “Miss Erera, I’ll temporarily keep the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace for a few days to do some research.

“It might take three to five days. After I finish my research, I’ll let you and the others refine and comprehend it.”

“You can give it to me when you’re done.” Erera was very straightforward. Then, under the disappointed gazes of the others, Xu Tui bowed slightly to Erera and left.

Although Erera had the reputation of being stupid and reckless, Xu Tui did not think so. Erera was actually a pure person. Her purity might be because of her cultivation, or because she liked Shang Long and so on.

For example, she and Shang Long were both such pure people that could become the strongest on the Blue Star. Erera’s decision was rarely mixed with politics and other factors. It was very pure. It was also because of her purity that Xu Tui respected her now.

A stream of light streaked across the sky of Ceres Star. Xu Tui arrived at the Water Origin Palace.

The Water Origin Palace was now allocated to the India Sector, the Huaya

Sector, and Ullr. According to the initial arrangements, the origin power of the Water Origin Palace had to be distributed.

Of course, for example, Ullr could comprehend the power of a certain origin palace, but he could forget about holding the origin power of a certain origin palace for a long time.

“Ganjiv, Huang Gu, release all the origin power of the Water Origin Palace that you have refined. I want to use it,” Xu Tui ordered after he arrived at the Water

Origin Palace.

“You want to use it?” Huang Gu was a little hesitant. “All of it?”

Xu Tui suddenly narrowed his eyes when he saw Huang Gu questioning him. He looked coldly at Huang Gu. He did not want to be a dictator, but he was unwilling for anyone to question his orders.

Under Xu Tui’s cold gaze, two aqua-blue lights flew out from above Ganjiv and Huang Gu’s heads and returned to the lake in the middle of the Water Origin Palace. They did as they were told.

Xu Tui stared deeply at Huang Gu. He flew to the center of the lake and began to refine the origin power of the Water Origin Palace again.

After Xu Tui left, Ganjiv heaved a sigh of relief. He looked up at Huang Gu and realized that Huang Guts forehead was covered in sweat. Xu Tui’s gaze just now had given him immense pressure.

Xu Tui’s speed was extremely fast when he refined the water origin power of the Water Origin Palace again. He completed the refinement in just an hour. What surprised him was that after he finished refining the water origin power, it began to shuttle through the few novas in his body that were related to water-type power.

Every time it shuttled through, it was equivalent to tempering the power of these novas. Under Xu Tui’s deliberate control, these novas began to strengthen. This was especially so for the Blizzard Domain Nova. It was strengthened the fastest, while the Ice Puppet Nova and the Frost Nova were strengthened slightly slower.

The seal of Star Lord Ji Shui was also repaired and strengthened by the water origin power.

This time, Xu Tui refined the origin power of the Water Origin Palace into his body. The water origin power was exceptionally active compared to the previous times.

However, because this was not the first time he had completely refined it, the improvement it brought him was far inferior to the improvement when he completely refined the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace.

The Blizzard Domain Nova at the mid-stage of the sixth star halo had not even been strengthened and tempered to the late-stage of the sixth star halo. The quenching had ended. If he wanted to take another step forward, it could only rely on him to actively control the water origin power to cultivate.

This was not the time to cultivate. Xu Tui then stood up and left the Water Origin Palace. He went straight to the Wood Origin Palace.

The Wood Origin Palace was currently monopolized by the Huaxia Sector. Cai Shaochu had long released its origin power.

After entering the Wood Origin Palace, Xu Tui only greeted them before he began to refine the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace.

Due to the fact that he had refined it previously, the refinement speed was very fast. In just an hour, it was completed.

Xu Tui had a Star Lord Seal in his body called Star Lord Jingmu’s Seal. His initial hope was that after he refined it, the wood origin power would be able to improve Star Lord Jingmu’s seal. But he felt that something was wrong when he had just completely refined the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace.

Something was wrong with his mind or his force field.

Under his introspection, his force field was mainly focused on the main planet of mind power. The Vajra secondary main planet was auxiliary. The other power novas surrounded him. A small version of Xu Tui sat cross-legged above the force field. The Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole floated above his head. The other seals surrounded him.

Other than that, there were the four Origin Powers.

Before the wood origin power entered, the origin power of the Earth, Fire, and Water Origin Palaces were divided into yellow, red, and blue. They surrounded

Xu Tui and were related..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1