Chapter 1892: Five Mountains Suppression Phantom

Chapter 1892: Five Mountains Suppression Phantom

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After the four great origin powers fused into one in Xu Tui’s body, the four-colored power fused into a dazzling ball of light and began to circle around his force field.

Almost the moment the four-colored dazzling ball of light appeared, many existences in his force field shone. The reason why he said that was because Xu Tui was not the only one who had abnormal movements.

This time, other than the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the other seals that were floating in his force field shone. Without a doubt, these seals only had one goal for blooming at this moment. It was to attract the ball of light after the four origin powers fused.

For example, the seals of the two high-level Star Lords, Huo De and Nandou, did not paid much attention to it when he refined the origin power of the four origin palaces into his body. It looked very aloof.

But when the four great origin powers had fused together, the two very aloof seals had become as passionate as fire. They were a little like seals that had opened their screens.

Only the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was as cold as ever. As expected of one of the Six Imperial Seals. He was such a big brother.

What surprised Xu Tui even more was that the red fire slip in his mind also strangely shone with red light. It looked like a peacock spreading its tail. Just what kind of good thing was the ball of light that had fused with the four great Origin Energies that made so many things in his body want it?

Moreover, what did they mean by attracting the four-colored light ball? Welcome to a day trip? Or to swallow it in one bite?

Xu Tui did not know this. Therefore, he did not dare to act recklessly. These were the origin powers of the four origins. If it was really swallowed by one of them, who would Xu Tui reason with? If he could not control the four origin palaces, his losses would be too great.

According to the worst-case scenario that Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and the others had come up with, the four origin palaces had an extremely important role.

If the alliance armv of the three races attacked Ceres Star from the small universe of the Heavenly Court, they would have two paths to take.

The first way was to fly through the universe and reach the nearest planet with a cosmic tunnel node, which was Planet Kono. Then, they would enter the cosmic tunnel through Planet Kono, then charge into Planet Peach through the cosmic tunnel. Then, they would fly into the solar system from Planet Peach, cross the solar system with their physical bodies, and charge into Mars or the moon closest to the Blue Star.

This was the path that Xu Tui and the others understood. It took the shortest time for foreign invaders to kill their way from Ceres Star to Blue Star. However, this shortest time would take more than a year and a half. Moreover, this speed was calculated based on the speed of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

A year and a half seemed like a long time, but if it really came to that, it would not be enough when the Blue Star humans moved.

However, if they defended Ceres Star, the invaders could only rely on the second path to kill their way into the Blue Star. The second path was to fly into space from Ceres Star, reach Planet Kono, or cross space directly and kill their way into Mars from Ceres Star.

In that case, even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, who were good at speed, would need three years. Three years would definitely be enough to transfer twice as many people from the Blue Star.

The question was, could they defend Ceres Star? They could not defend against the alliance of the three races. However, if they could not defend it, they could destroy Ceres Star! Destroying a planet was impossible with human strength, but the current three-phase thermal bomb could.

Of course, a three-phase thermal explosive was not enough. Pangu and Ah Huang had estimated that they would need at least 4,000 three-phase thermal bombs or even more to destroy Ceres Star. Furthermore, it would take a certain amount of time.

The four Origin Palaces were the best tools to buy time. It might even take the opportunity to kill a wave of invaders. Under such a big data model, control over the four origin palaces was very important.

Therefore, Xu Tui was very cautious. If the four-colored light ball formed by the fusion of the four great origin powers was swallowed by someone, he would become a sinner of the Blue Star even if he obtained benefits.

This was related to the future survival strategy. However, it was obvious that the existence in his body that had a little active consciousness was like a peacock spreading its tail. It wanted the four-colored light ball to patronize it.

It must be because of the benefits that it was working so hard to spread its tail. He could not forbid it directly.

Xu Tui’s strength might increase greatly if he could obtain some benefits from the gathering of the origin power of the four major palaces. He thought about it and felt that he should start with the place where his control was the strongest.

If the areas where he had strong control, such as the novas, wanted to devour the ball of light, he could control it at the start. On the contrary, the one with the weakest control would definitely try it at the end. For example, the red fire slip. If he really had to let the four-colored ball of light take a look, it would definitely be the last. Furthermore, he had to be careful on the previous foundation. If this guy really swallowed it, he would not be able to make it spit it out.

Among the novas, seals, red fire slips, and so on in his body, Xu Tui naturally had the strongest control over his novas that he had condensed. He would try it out on these novas first and see what changes they would undergo. At the same time, he would accumulate experience.

Xu Tui thought about it and moved his mind power slightly. He tried to influence the four-colored ball of origin power and slowly approached the Mountain Formula.

Among the novas, novas with earth, water, wind, and fire attributes were the most active. When the ball of light with the four-colored origin power approached, he had already realized that he had a certain level of control over the ball of light.

However. it was not as strong as the origin Dower of the palace that he

controlled just now.

Just as the four-colored ball of origin power surged into the Mountain Nova, his Mountain Nova instantly shot out with light.

The light that erupted from the Mountain Nova overshadowed the Vajra Nova for the first time. It overshadowed the mind power of the main planet. For a moment, his force field became a little unstable.

His mental perception also chased into the Mountain Nova. He carefully sensed the changes in it.

Xu Tui quickly confirmed one thing. The Mountain Nova did not plunder or fuse with the power in the ball of light. However, the Mountain Nova still obtained a lot of benefits. After the four origin powers fused, it was a process of mutually reinforcing. This was a little similar to the mutually reinforcing and restraining changes of the five elements in Huaxia.

The five elements complemented and countered each other. It was limited by the specific forces inside and outside the Blue Star.

However, Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire were different. These four origin powers seemed to encompass the life and death of the universe. They could accommodate and explain the entire universe.

The changes in this were very mysterious. Currently, Xu Tui could only understand a portion of it. Everything changed relative to each other. It was not fixed. The so-called earth, water, wind, and fire were not the things that he had seen on the surface. In scientific terms, they could include everything that was known.

Earth referred to solid states, water referred to liquid states, wind referred to gas, and fire referred to plasma or ion states. The four states could catalyze and transform each other. To put it more illusory, earth represented the foundation, water represented life, wind represented circulation, and fire represented catalysis and transformation.

To put it further, earth could represent something tangible and material. Water could represent intangible and material. Wind represented intangible and immaterial. Fire represented tangible and immaterial. It could also be explained as encompassing everything.

Previously, Xu Tui could not understand the explanations of earth, water, wind, and fire in the Huaxia ancient books. He suddenly understood when he saw the circulation of the four origin powers.

He did understand. His heart skipped a beat. A word appeared in his mind— Dao! Didn’t the circulation of the four origin powers mean something? If he gained something after comprehending it, it would not be difficult for Xu Tui to break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm in the future.

Under this kind of thought and understanding, Xu Tui’s mental perception saw the changes in the four balls of origin power in the Mountain Nova. It was different.

After the four origin powers entered the Mountain Nova, the power of the Mountain Nova directly fused with the Earth Origin Power. However, the water, wind, and fire Origin Powers were still carrying out their responsibilities or characteristics.

Growth, power circulation, transformation, and catalysis. The final change landed on the Mountain Nova.

His cultivation of the Mountain Nova had not changed much, but the Mountain Nova had become much more solid. Moreover, under the refinement of the four major origin powers, it had gradually changed from the state of a planet to a Great Mountain Nova.

It was the true shape of a mountain. Looking from afar, the towering mountains actually looked a little majestic. It was also at this moment that the Five Mountains Form that he had deliberately observed and cultivated suddenly appeared in his mind.

This was especially so for Mount Hua and Mount Heng. Xu Tui had gained a deep understanding of the essence of the two seals after he refined them.

With this thought in mind, the illusory shape of the nova began to change again. The shape of the mountain became a mountain that looked like Mount Hua or Mount Heng. There was a faint shadow of Mount Tai.

At that moment, Xu Tui was enlightened. He suddenly visualized the Five Mountains Form with his mind power. In an instant, the shadows of five mountains appeared in the Mountain Nova. The Hengshan and Huashan Divine Seals shone brightly.

All the comprehensions of the Earth Array Mountain Town that he had used to kill the enemy suddenly appeared in his mind.

In an instant, the phantoms of the five mountains in the Mountain Nova suddenly turned illusionary. The five mountains used their peaks as their momentum and used all of his comprehension of the Mountain Nova over the years to form a faint illusory shape. Xu Tui suddenly understood.

Dao! The power of law!

This was the power of the law that Mr. Shang Long had mentioned. The Dao and power of law that could only be comprehended and not taught.

Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Town could be considered the essence of his cultivation and comprehension over the years. At this moment, under the catalysis of the four Origin Energy Light Balls, he had comprehended it in advance and condensed a faint phantom.

He understood that if it was completely solidified, it would be the time for him to break through to the Nine Satellites.

The moment the faint shape of the Five Mountains appeared, the two divine seals of Mount Hua and Mount Heng took the initiative to turn into a stream of light and rush into Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Nova..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1