Chapter 1891: Fusion Of The Four Major Origin Energies (4)

Chapter 1891: Fusion of the Four Major Origin Energies (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, when the green wood origin power was refined and entered, this unrelated state was immediately changed. The moment the wood-origin power joined, the power of the Earth, Fure, and Water Origin Palaces projected a light onto the wood-origin power.

The sudden increase in the earth-yellow earth power and the blue water power caused the wood power to suddenly increase crazily. It instantly turned dark green.

The last to rush in was the Fire Origin Power of the Fire Origin Palace. After entering, it destroyed. In an instant, the four forces began to collide. Under the flames, a force field that Xu Tui could not describe began to appear.

This force field activated the Earth, Fire, and Water Origin Energies to begin to circulate quickly. As these three Origin Energies circulated quickly, the color of the Wood Origin Energy that was constantly being incinerated deepened to the extreme. A new color appeared.

Cyan!

The cyan origin power pushed the other three origin powers and began to circulate and change.

Xu Tui, who was witnessing all of this with his mental perception, suddenly froze. It was not just the power of the four Origin Palaces that he had refined in his body.

The four origin palaces on Ceres Star also underwent a shocking change at the same time.

The Earth Origin Palace, the Water Origin Palace, and the Fire Origin Palace each projected an extremely thick color that represented their respective power. It instantly crossed the sky and landed in the Wood Origin Palace.

At the same time, the four origin palaces shook violently. All the Blue Star humans in the four origin palaces ran out in a panic, thinking that something major was about to happen. It was especially intense in the Wood Origin Palace.

Flames, water, and earth shone in the Wood Origin Palace. In a flash, the huge ancient tree of the Wood Origin Palace suddenly began to grow huge leaves. As the leaves swayed, a cyan gust swept out and fused with the flames, water, and earth.

Amidst this fusion, the originally green Earth Origin Palace began to quickly be covered in a layer of cyan.

Xu Tui instantly understood.

Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire. These were the true four sources of power in the Huaxia Myths. In Ceres Star, the power of the four Origin Palaces fused and pushed. The concentration of energy in the entire Ceres Star increased at a visible speed.

A few quasi-planets in charge of monitoring screamed in surprise. The concentration of energy was rising.

It was 3-7.

4.0.

5.1.

5.6.

6.0.

In the end, the energy concentration of Ceres Star stabilized to 6.0. It had almost doubled compared to before. In an instant, the energy concentration of

Ceres Star jumped to second place in the solar system. Other than Planet Peach, it was the most suitable planet in the solar system for cultivation.

And that was not all. This was the energy concentration in the open-air wilderness of Ceres Star. The energy concentration in the four origin palaces of Ceres Star was even higher. Xu Tui felt that the concentration of energy in the four origin palaces of Ceres Star had reached an astonishing 8.0 at this moment. In terms of cultivation, it had already surpassed Planet Peach.

This improvement was huge! It was too huge. This huge change made the Planetary realm experts who had just escaped outside the four origin palaces cheer! This was a huge red packet from the heavens.

“Xu Tui, what exactly happened?” Cai Shaochu and Shang Long’s voices sounded in Xu Tui’s ears at the same time.

Clearly, it had attracted their attention.

“Mr. Shang, Principal, I’ll tell you after I figure it out. Currently, I can only tell you that it’s a change after the fusion of the origin powers of the four Origin Palaces. We’ll talk about it later.” Xu Tui only said one sentence before he immediately returned all of his mind power to his body for introspection. That was because the fusion of the four great origin powers had also brought about a huge change to his body..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1