Chapter 1893 The Origin Of The Human Genetic Ability Chain And The Origin Of The Red Fire Slip (1)

1893 The Origin of the Human Genetic Ability Chain and the Origin of the Red Fire Slip (1)

The Mountain Nova had undergone a shocking change under the refinement of the four-origin power fused with the light ball of the four Origin Palaces. It was led by Xu Tui's will. An ordinary Mountain Nova had become the Five Mountains Suppressing Star.

There was one thing that Xu Tui was very certain of. No matter how many people imitated him or walked his cultivation path again in the future, many people would be able to complete this step.

However, no one could replicate the Five Mountains Suppressing Star. Even if someone was like Xu Tui and obtained the four Origin Energy Fusion Light Balls of the four Origin Palaces to refine his Mountain Nova, it would not do.

During the transformation of the Mountain Nova to the Five Mountains Suppressing Star, the fusion of the four origin powers with the light ball was only a catalyst.

Most fundamentally, Xu Tui had this accumulation.

Firstly, he had once come to the Five Mountains to comprehend and cultivate in the Blue Star Huaxia Sector. Secondly, he had obtained the Mount Hua and the Mount Heng Divine Seal of the Five Mountains Divine Seals.

Thirdly, the Earth Array Mountain Town that Xu Tui had learned from Yan Wuyu was also very important. Fourthly, he had accumulated bits and pieces of comprehension during his battles and cultivation with the Mountain Formula over the years, including the accumulation of knowledge related to the Huaxia Daoism system.

Each of these four points was extremely important. None of them could be missed. If any of these four points were missing, Xu Tui would not be able to turn the Mountain Nova into the Five Mountains Suppressing Star.

As for the power method, he was certain that the power of the Five Mountains Suppressing Star was definitely several times stronger than the Earth Array Mountain Town from before. It could be said that the Earth Array Mountain Town was just a combination of formulas for

an array.

And the Five Mountains Suppression Star was a combination of array formations with distinct characteristics. Furthermore, it was the kind that was solidified.

In the past, Xu Tui had to instantiate and condense seven mountains before triggering the resonance when he used the Earth Array Mountain Town. This was the Earth Array Mountain Town. He needed three to four steps.

But what about the Five Mountains Suppressing Star? It was actually solidifying the earth array, Mountain Town. Currently, as long as Xu Tui activates the Five Mountains Suppressing Star, he would be in the Earth Array Mountain Town, and it would be the advanced version.

He did it in one go. During battles, it saved extremely precious time. At the same time, the consumption of mind power was also reduced. Moreover, the two divine seals of Huashan and Hengshan could be directly fused into it. Its power could be enhanced further. Xu Tui suddenly thought of the future when the Five Mountains Suppressing Star appeared. In the future, if he obtained all of the official seals of the Five Mountains God Star Official, how powerful would the Five Mountains Suppressing Star be?

How strong would he be?

Xu Tui was looking forward to it. These were only the improvements that he had deduced in theory. He still had to experience more improvements through practice.

At the thought of this, he looked forward to the other novas. What would happen after the Blizzard Domain Nova, the Ice Puppet Nova, and the Frost Star Nova were refined by the fusion of these four sources of power?

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui's Five Mountains Suppressing Star completely stabilized. He looked over with his introspection. The Five Mountains Suppressing Star had a majestic aura. The five mountains could not be seen clearly. However, at a glance, he could still tell that there were five majestic mountains with their own characteristics.

Among them, the two peaks that had the two great divine seals of Mount Hua and Mount Heng looked more realistic and majestic. This was normal.

In the next moment, the ball of light that had fused with the four origin powers flew out of the Five Mountains Suppressing Star. Under the influence of Xu Tui's mind power, it drilled into the nova of the Blizzard Domain.

To his surprise, the Blizzard Domain had indeed changed a little after being tempered by the four-origin energy fusion ball. It was like the Mountain Nova. It seemed to be coming to life.

However, the changes were not as fast as the Mountain Nova.

Xu Tui understood that this meant that he had accumulated a lot. He did not have enough accumulation and comprehension of power related to the Blizzard Domain Nova. However, he would not give up just like that.

With the precedent of the Five Mountains Suppressing Star, he felt that the Blizzard Domain Nova could still make some artificial changes.

Especially the Ice Sword Formation. If the Ice Sword Formation could solidify into the Blizzard Domain Nova, its power would definitely increase greatly. But Xu Tui did not manage to mutate the Blizzard Domain Nova into the Ice Sword Formation Nova even after he tried for a long time. He felt that it was just a little short.

In the end, Xu Tui only turned the Blizzard Domain Nova into a Snow and Ice Nova. The changes inside were actually very simple. What Xu Tui had used the most in the past was an ability he had comprehended, the Ice Seal. He had extremely rich experience in the area of ice seals.

The Blizzard Domain quickly spread out the power of ice and bound it within a certain range. The ice seal quickly gathered the scattered power of ice at a point and exploded.

There was something in common between the two.

Under the refinement of the four-origin energy fusion ball, there was also a flowing shadow inside the Blizzard Domain Nova that changed according to Xu Tui's will.

It was an environment filled with snowstorms. The snowstorms continuously gathered at one point and exploded into ice. Then, they spread out and turned the surrounding environment into a frozen snow region.

The improvement was not too great. However, after such tempering, be it the original Blizzard Domain or the ice seal, they had improved slightly. If he did not accumulate enough, it would be useless even if he refined the four-origin power into his body. This was Xu Tui's new conclusion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1