Chapter 1895 The Origin Of The Human Genetic Ability Chain And The Origin Of The Red Fire Slip (3)

Chapter 1895  The Origin of the Human Genetic Ability Chain and the Origin of the Red Fire Slip (3)

Compared to the genetic base points that had been activated, the genetic base points that had not been activated were the real deal. Even if Xu Tui activated the 360-odd Genetic Base Points in the Vajra Barrier, he would only activate a little more than 500 Genetic Base Points. It only accounted for a little more than 0.1% of all the genetic base points in the human body.

In other words, the development of the Blue Star humans was still very, very weak.

Although a portion of the 35,999 Genetic Base Points might be useless or hidden Genetic Base Points, they did not need half of them. They needed a third of them to be useful. If they were all developed, it would be simply…

While he was thinking, a shocking thought suddenly flashed through his mind. What would happen if he continued to try to activate a large number of Genetic Base Points? With his current strength, he would be able to activate these Genetic Base Points in places rich in Origin Energy even if he did not activate them instantly.

This was especially so with his powerful mental perception. It was very easy to find a way to activate these Genetic Base Points. Moreover, Xu Tui would not die even if he drove recklessly. Would there be any strange changes?

This was an extremely huge project. It would also be an extremely historical pioneering research.

Xu Tui felt that he could try it out when he was free in the future. It would be a novel experiment if there were any strange changes.

Suddenly, Xu Tui thought of the horn on Mr. Wen Shao's forehead. Was that the product of such an experiment? While he was thinking, his powerful mind power controlled the four-origin power light ball. It continuously refined every nova.

Xu Tui had thought that he would not benefit much from refining other non-stats novas. To his surprise, the effect was not bad. The improvement of these novas was greater than he had imagined. Their supernatural abilities had more or less increased.

After that, Xu Tui controlled the four-origin power ball to refine the seals that had opened like peacocks. How should he put it? They had their own improvements, but they were all an accumulation of fatigue. The fusion ball of light of the four origin powers was equivalent to walking around these seals and nourishing them.

Xu Tui could sense their desire. Every Star Lord seal yearned to keep the four-origin power ball in its body forever and turn it into a part of its body. This way, its strength would greatly increase. Perhaps it was because of his telepathy, spiritual resonance, or the influence of his mental perception, but this feeling was very clear.

Other than the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, who was more reserved, every other seal wanted it.

However, he could not give it to anyone! After all, he had yet to study the origin power of the four Origin Palaces clearly. Would they recover on their own?

Moreover, Xu Tui had already understood the importance of the origin power of the four Origin Palaces from the changes on the Five Mountains Suppressing Star. From this point alone, Ceres Star had extremely strong strategic significance to the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan.

What was the biggest cultivation juncture for the genetic newcomers on the Blue Star, including the cultivators of the other three races?

It was the Nine Satellites!

The most difficult thing was actually to break through from the peak of the Eight Satellites to the Nine Satellites.

It was the Nine Satellites!

The most difficult thing was actually to break through from the peak of the Eight Satellites to the Nine Satellites.

Moreover, there were no shortcuts to breaking through to the Nine Satellites. No one could help him. He could only rely on his own comprehension. Within the Spiritual Race, the probability of breaking through from the peak of the Eight Satellites to the Nine Satellites was about 2 to 4%.

Within the Spiritual Race, there were a lot of Planetary realm experts who were stuck at the peak of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. Many of them died in battle.

Many people had accumulated enough. They were just short of that enlightenment. However, during Xu Tui's cultivation just now, he realized that when the four great origin powers of the four Origin Palaces fused into one to refine the novas, it could stimulate such a touching epiphany.

It allowed Xu Tui to instantly fuse the rich accumulation. This was simply a sharp weapon to break through the Nine Satellites.

With this as evidence, the probability of the Blue Star's Eight Satellites Planetary realm breaking through to the Nine Satellites in the future might be several times or even ten times that of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan.

This was actually a very terrifying improvement. As long as the Blue Star was given time, the Blue Star's Nine Satellites would accumulate at an astonishing speed. This was only the strategic role of the four origin palaces on Ceres Star.

In that case, what exactly was in the Blue Star that the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan wanted to occupy? It was definitely much stronger than the strategic role of the four origin palaces of Ceres Star.

If it was discovered, then…

Unfortunately, Xu Tui had only discovered the strategic role of the four origin palaces of Ceres Star. He had yet to discover the secret of the Blue Star attracting the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan.

What exactly did the Blue Star have?

Xu Tui was puzzled. He slowly sent the four-origin power ball into the last target under the wrap of his mind power.

The red fire slip.

This was the guy that Xu Tui could not control the most. Therefore, when it was sent in, his powerful mind power was on standby. He was prepared to attack at any time. At the same time, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole shot out a divine light and enveloped the four-origin power ball.

It would definitely not do if the red fire slip devoured the four-origin power ball. Currently, Xu Tui still wanted to wait for a period of time and rely on the four-origin power balls of the four Origin Palaces to produce Nine Satellites in batches. It was a treasure.

He could not damage it.

Xu Tui's expression changed the moment it entered. As expected, the moment he entered, the red fire slip instinctively devoured 20% of the ball of light.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui's mind power stopped it. At the same time that his mind power stopped it, the red fire slip instantly shone with red light. It actually wanted to fight Xu Tui.

With a buzz, the divine light of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole shone into the red fire slip. In an instant, the red fire slip vibrated slightly. The red light slowly retracted and became obedient.

Xu Tui was extremely surprised. It seemed that the red fire slip from Mars was also related to the Heavenly Court. Otherwise, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole would not have been able to suppress it so easily.

He had thought that the origins of the red fire slip were related to Mars as he had obtained it on Mars back then. However, Qu Qingshan had already completely refined the seal of Huo Yao Star Official. Xu Tui had tried it, but the red fire slip did not move.

Xu Tui also went to Mars several times, but he did not discover anything. Thus, the origins of the red fire slip became a mystery.

Being suppressed by the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole meant that it was very likely from the Heavenly Court. However, when faced with the might of the Longevity Emperor's seal, the red fire slip's performance was much better than the other seals.

The other seals, such as the Nandou True Lord's seal, immediately submitted when they encountered the divine power of the Longevity Emperor's seal.

As for the red fire slip, it only stopped doing bad things. It did not feel like it was submitting. The origin of this red fire slip was very likely related to the Heavenly Court, but it did not come from the Heavenly Court.

Then where did it come from? Since the red fire slip wanted to devour the four-origin fusion ball of light, Xu Tui wanted to put it away. Just as he was about to retract it, the red fire slip shone brightly with red light again. The red light even enveloped the four-origin light ball, indicating its strong will.

However, this time, his strong will was a little obedient.

"You can't devour it." Xu Tui tried to communicate with the red fire slip, but it did not respond. He thought for a moment. He activated the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole while he activated his mind power to escort the four-origin fusion ball of light into the red fire slip.

If it dared to devour it, the mind power of Xu Tui and the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole Seal would immediately suppress it.

Perhaps it was because of the previous suppression, but this time, the red fire slip was extremely obedient. It allowed the four fused balls of Origin Energy to enter its body, but it did not devour it.

Almost at the same time that the ball of light entered, the red light of the red fire slip suddenly shone brightly. The red light of the red fire slip filled his mind. The light even suppressed the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

A phenomenon also appeared at this moment.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1