Chapter 1900 Gong Ling'S Future And Homecoming (2)

1900  Gong Ling's Future and Homecoming (2)

Two Silver Spirit Boxes could allow Xu Tui to nurture a supernatural being who could crush a Planetary realm expert of the same level.

These Planetary realm captives of the Spiritual Race gave Xu Tui more surprises. For example, Six Satellites' Lei Zhen also produced two Silver Spirit Boxes. This was related to the fact that Lei Zhen had used many Silver Spirit Boxes back then.

A total of 143 Silver Spirit Boxes were contributed to Xu Tui by the 91 Planetary realm experts.

Planetary realm. Even if it was the Two Satellites Planetary realm, they could contribute 1.2 to 1.3 silver boxes to Xu Tui.

185 quasi-planets contributed a little too little of the Silver Box of Spirit. On average, every quasi-planet of the Spiritual Race could fill 0.7 to 0.8 silver boxes. In the end, they contributed 134 silver boxes to Xu Tui.

The 35 Transmutation Realm experts would not contribute more than 0.5 to the Silver Box of Spirit. In the end, they contributed 16 Silver Boxes of Spirit, allowing Xu Tui to obtain a total of 293 Silver Boxes of Spirit.

Including the four that the one-eyed ant had contributed previously, the total came to 294 Silver Spirit Boxes, the Silver Spirit Box in Xu Tui's hand was unprecedentedly abundant.

There was even a moment when Xu Tui wanted to capture more of the Spiritual Race and the Muyas in the future war to use them to make the Silver Spirit Box.

After all, no one would complain about having too many treasures like the Silver Spirit Box. Not to mention increasing the base number of their mental bodies, just the fact that it could help them break through to the Planetary realm was also very precious.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue took advantage of the time they were waiting for the quantum fluctuations of the quantum teleportation channel to recover to absorb more than a dozen Silver Spirit Boxes.

Within 12 hours, Xu Tui had refined and absorbed 15 Silver Boxes of Spirit. An Xiaoxue had refined 11.

How should he put it? Xu Tui felt that the increase in his data was very small. Using his mental perception as an example, his mental perception range had increased to 8,100 meters after the nova was strengthened to the sixth star halo.

The wider the range, the smaller the increase in his mental perception. The 15 Silver Spirit Boxes only increased the distance of his mental perception by 20 meters. One could only increase it by more than a meter. It looked like the enhancement effect was very weak.

However, Xu Tui noticed a different existence when he sensed his force field with his introspection. If the main planet of mind power was the core of the entire force field, then the mental body floating in the sky was the true commander of this force field.

Xu Tui had always felt that the one controlling the force field should be the main planet of mind power. The influence of his mental body on the force field was only limited. But he felt that his mental body's control over the force field had become stronger now. Although it had not reached the level where he could command it as if it was his arm, it could change its form at will.

Moreover, he felt that his force field had become more stable as his mental body strengthened further.

There was an interesting discovery in the force field.

Xu Tui's mind power was at the late-stage of the eighth-level of the star halo, while his vajra secondary planet was at the peak of the seventh-level of the star halo. He had never dared to let the vajra secondary planet break through to the eighth star halo.

The reason was very simple. He could sense it when he enhanced the Vajra sub-main planet in actual combat. If all the novas enhanced the Vajra secondary planet, it would instantly surpass the mind power main planet and reach the early stage of the ninth star halo.

But he retracted the enhancement the moment it reached this level.

This was because when the other novas than the main planet of mind power was increased to a level that exceeded the main planet of mind power, the force field did not feel extremely unstable and was about to collapse.

It would be a terrifying thing if the force field collapsed.

Xu Tui currently has 14 novas other than the main planet. The enhancement effect would be terrifying no matter which nova it was enhanced to. Therefore, even if it was an enhancement, the hard limitation was that the enhancement could not exceed the main planet.

Or a portion of the nova would increase the main planet of mind power, while a portion of the nova would increase the other novas, allowing the main planet to maintain its lead. Otherwise, the feeling of the force field collapsing was terrifying.

After refining 15 Silver Spirit Boxes to strengthen his mental body, Xu Tui suddenly realized that the situation had improved.

All the novas increased the power of the Vajra sub-main planet with all their might. When the power level of the Vajra sub-main planet surpassed the mind power main planet, the unstable feeling of collapse assaulted him again.

However, in an instant, his mental body sank slightly. In an instant, the force field was as stable as Mount Tai and no longer felt like it was about to collapse. A powerful mental body could suppress the force field and make it more stable.

This was another function of the mental body that Xu Tui had discovered. In that case, what other uses did the mental body have? Xu Tui had many questions. Was the mental body related to breaking through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm? Did the future Nebula Realm or even Small Universe have anything to do with the mental body?

Xu Tui was confused.

An Xiaoxue had refined and absorbed much less of the Silver Box of Spirit than Xu Tui. Therefore, the improvement was rather obvious. Her aura had clearly become stronger.

Xu Tui arrived at Planet Peach after the Quantum Teleportation was restored. His arrival made the members of the reserve team of the Demon Slayer Regiment ecstatic.

Currently, Xu Tui has become a legendary figure in the eyes of the members of the reserve team. Planet Peach was now the top cultivation college on the Blue Star.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1