Chapter 1405 - 1405: Urgent Report From Peach

Chapter 1405: Urgent Report From Peach

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With Cai Shaochu’s cooperation, they managed to kill Itavi and completely destroy his Fire Shadow.

Itavi could not be more dead. At the same time that Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief, he saw the ball of blue light escape from Itavi’s fire shadow.

Xu Tui was stunned. He immediately reacted. This was the power of water in the Water Origin Palace. Itavi had refined and controlled 20% of the Water Origin Palace’s origin power. If he was killed now, this 20% of the power would become ownerless.

Xu Tui understood the moment he reacted.

He became anxious!

This was another planet, not a cosmic tunnel!

In the cosmic tunnel, if the origin power of the four Origin Palaces became ownerless, it would still stay for an extremely short period of time. However, it would be different on a planet. The origin power of the four Origin Palaces would disappear in an extremely short period of time and return to the four

Origin Palaces.

Under normal circumstances, no one could stop the origin power of the four Origin Palaces.

However, Xu Tui, who had communicated with Little Six in depth previously, knew another way.

Attraction from the same source could buy Xu Tui some time. The moment he reacted, Xu Tui sent all the water origin power that belonged to the Water Origin Palace out of his body. He even used his mind power to continuously vibrate.

However, Xu Tui also sent the ice origin power he had obtained from the sealed space of Planet Kono out of his body. Ice and water came from the same source.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power surged out. Initially, Xu Tui did not have much hope. He only hoped that under the attraction of the same source, the ball of water power that escaped from Itavi’s body would stop for a moment.

He could refine as much as he could during this short stay. He would probably be able to refine a third of it at most. After all, it was only attraction from the same source. The power of the water source of the Water Origin Palace would eventually return to its origin, which was the Water Origin Palace.

However, the moment Xu Tui’s water source power, which was mixed with the origin power of ice, flew out of his body, the ball of blue water power was clearly forcefully attracted.

It actually stuck to the ball of origin power that had flown out of Xu Tui’s body. It was very attracted!

Xu Tui’s mind power instantly surged out and quickly refined it without holding back.

“Xu Tui, hurry up and refine it. There’s a chance! The power of your ice origin is from the same source as the water source power of the Water Origin Palace. When the two are fused, it can be considered a large portion of the origin power. There was less than 20% of the origin power in Itavi’s body. It was considered a smaller share. This was like a magnet. The larger one was very attractive to the smaller one. Hurry up. You might be able to absorb it all.” Little Six’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

Xu Tui thought about it. That made sense.

“Hurry up and absorb it. I won’t appear, lest I leave a memory in the minds of your two attendants.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Understood, Principal.”

“I think your strength has increased again during this trip! Hurry up. I look forward to the day you break through to the Planetary realm! You can now fight a Five Satellites Planetary realm expert like Itavi head-on. I want to know how strong you will be when you completely break through to the Planetary realm!” Cai Shaochu said.

As Xu Tui absorbed it, he dug out his grievances. “Principal, I also want to break through as soon as possible! However, can you give me a hint? I really don’t have a clue about the force field of my main mind power planet. What exactly is the force field of the main planet of mind power?”

Cai Shaochu was silent. “That’s the current problem. The path you are walking is a path that no one has ever walked here on the Blue Star. For the time being, there is no experience for you to refer to the force field of the main planet of mind power. You need to comprehend it yourself and find a suitable mind power force field.”

Xu Tui was speechless. It was undeniable that the main planet of mind power gave him extremely powerful mind power. However, breaking through in this aspect was really a big problem.

Of course, Xu Tui might have been too anxious. For normal people, three to five years from the quasi-planetary realm to the Planetary realm was considered very fast. Eight to ten years was extremely normal.

How long had it been since Xu Tui broke through to the quasi-planetary realm? It had only been half a year. However, the current situation made Xu Tui a little anxious. Only by breaking through to the Planetary realm could he have more life-saving strength in the flitller

Xu Tui was not worrying for nothing. The Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had already arrived. Would the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements be far away? The reinforcements of the Great Xi would not be too late, right?

But now, in the Blue Star…

Actually, Xu Tui only felt a sense of crisis the moment Itavi appeared. He only wanted to deal with this disaster. However, Xu Tui was thinking about another question after he killed Itavi. Why was Itavi here? Was he alone?

Xu Tui had asked Cai Shaochu before. He had been very careful before he came. Moreover, he had not informed anyone else to come to the Karsnai asteroid.

Calculating the time, Itavi had entered less than 15 minutes after Cai Shaochu entered. He came so quickly and at such a godly speed, and he was alone. That could only mean one thing. Itavi might have followed Cai Shaochu through the cosmic tunnel.

What did he want to do with Cai Shaochu?

Xu Tui did not know about this. However, with Itavi’s behavior, it was definitely not a good thing. It was also this that made Xu Tui feel an inexplicable anger.

The Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had already arrived. The reinforcements of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan were definitely on their way. They were not far from arriving.

On the other hand, the Blue Star was still plotting against each other and fighting among themselves. They had yet to be unified.

This was really…

For a moment, Xu Tui had the thought of killing all traitors like Itavi and Raymont to unify the Blue Star. He would solve the problem of the Blue Star’s internal strife and get the Blue Star to unite against the outside world.

Xu Tui already knew about the situation when Cai Shaochu led the Blue Star Elites to attack the Muya Expeditionary Force.

To be honest, such a battle record was very awesome. If the top forces of the Blue Star were really united against the outside world, they would not be afraid of any of these alien species.

However, the problem was that they could not unite against the outside world.

Xu Tui could only think about completely changing the current situation of the internal strife on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui had used all his methods to kill Itavi today. He also needed Cai Shaochu’s secret help and various arrangements to successfully kill Itavi. There was no need to think about it before breaking through to the Planetary realm.

It was still possible for his strength to increase greatly after breaking through to the Planetary realm.

Perhaps it was because Xu Tui’s ice origin power had become more attractive after fusing with the 20% of the water origin power, but there was a strong magnetic field effect.

Coupled with Xu Tui’s extremely powerful mind power, the refinement speed was very fast. About 20% of the Origin Energy of the Water Origin Palace that escaped from Itavi’s body was constantly decreasing.

In just 20 minutes, Xu Tui had completely refined the origin power of the Water Origin Palace.

After Xu Tui absorbed all of the power into his body, the power clearly became stronger. Correspondingly, if Xu Tui used a water-type supernatural being in the future and was willing to use this ball of origin power to enhance it, it would be even stronger.

However, Xu Tui thought of something else.

It was more than 40%!

With the 20% of the origin power in Itavi’s body, he had refined more than 40% of the origin power. In terms of quantity, Xu Tui had grasped the Origin Power of the Water Origin Palace the most.

If he killed his way into the Water Origin Palace, he could even mobilize a portion of the Water Origin Palace’s strength to launch a defensive attack. If he made good use of this, he might be able to achieve a huge victory in the future! “Principal, in that case, I’ll go to Ceres Star…”

Almost as soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Cai Shaochu’s voice suddenly sounded. “Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue has an urgent report.. Something has happened on Planet Peach!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1