Chapter 1402 - 1402: An Unexpected Situation

Chapter 1402 - 1402: An Unexpected Situation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After a short intense battle, Xu Tui, who was also Officiant Kaedo, fought with the main force of the Blue Star experts. In fact, the moment they were lured away, a dazzling holy light erupted. At that moment, the light that erupted from the holy light even overshadowed the high sun.

“Take Lord Bunet away first. I’ll lure the enemy away!” Xu Tui had shouted those words.

Derry, Belas and Bart, who knew some inside information, were a little confused. This did not seem like an act! This seemed to be true! At that moment, the image of Xu Tui detonating the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to lure away a powerful enemy was deeply engraved in the minds of the three of them.

What the three of them did not know was that at this moment, Xu Tui appeared to be dealing with Cai Shaochu, but in reality, he had already activated the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence with all his might.

Spiritual concealment, spiritual radiation, spiritual resonance. Even his left eye had become a vortex. It was the abnormality, the Illusory Reality! He would set up illusions through the Illusory Reality to strengthen the images in the depths of these people’s minds.

This realistic scene had been strengthened hv Xu Tui ‘s traceless spiritpal resonance. Even with Bishop Xiliude’s strong mind power, it was very difficult to see any abnormalities from the three of them.

Unless he conducted a destructive interrogation on these three people without any bottom line.

However, once the three of them were interrogated like that, the mark that Xu Tui had planted in their mental bodies would immediately react and explode.

Three minutes later, after the three of them accepted the image that Xu Tui had meticulously weaved, they fled into the distance with the unconscious Bunet. Even they believed that all of this was real.

They had even forgotten Xu Tui’s true identity, especially Derry and Belas, who knew Xu Tui’s true identity.

Seeing the three of them escape, Cai Shaochu rolled up his sleeves and brought An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui tens of thousands of meters away.

Although the people brought by Cai Shaochu and the pioneer raiders were definitely trustworthy, he still had to be careful where he should be careful.

“Do you want me to leave?” Cai Shaochu teased Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who were already holding hands. “Give us three minutes.”

“Alright.”

Cai Shaochu instantly fled. In the next moment, Xu Tui had already hugged An Xiaoxue tightly. They hugged each other tightly.

Although they had only been separated for a few months, the two of them felt as if they had been apart for a long time. After a long time, their lips parted.

An Xiaoxue looked up at Xu Tui. Her eyes were filled with worry. “Why don’t you return to Planet Peach? It’s too dangerous for you to pretend to be the enemy’s officiant. I’m afraid…”

Xu Tui did not say anything. He only hugged An Xiaoxue tightly in his arms. He wanted to rub An Xiaoxue into his body. The two of them were enjoying this rare moment of reunion.

Three and a half minutes later, a fluctuation appeared in the air. Cai Shaochu had returned. Xu Tui muttered in dissatisfaction, “Principal, can’t you give us a few more minutes?”

“Kid, you’ve become bolder. Why don’t you return to Planet Peach directly?” Cai Shaochu’s tone did not have any intention of joking. Although Xu Tui’s hiding among the Muyas was very important, he also placed great importance on Xu Tui’s safety.

“Forget it!” Xu Tui shook his head. “I’ve already worked hard to this extent. If I give up now, I might regret it in the future.” As he spoke, Xu Tui slowly released An Xiaoxue from his arms and kissed her forehead. Then, he communicated with Cai Shaochu in the shortest time possible. There was not much time. “Principal, I need one or two of my clones.”

“Clones?” Cai Shaochu frowned.

“Yes, I have an idea. It might be helpful for my concealment. Furthermore, it has to be similar to the aura of my current body. I need it as soon as possible,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu nodded when he heard that. ‘Xiaoxue, collect Xu Tui’s biological genetic sample. After you bring it back, nurture it with all your might at all costs. It should be about a month.”

“Alright. Let’s begin then.”

“Then bear with it.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu looked at An Xiaoxue. “Xiaoxue, do you want to walk further away? You might not feel comfortable watching the next scene.”

An Xiaoxue, who had just collected Xu Tui’s biological aura, looked at Xu Tui. She could not bear to see him like this, but she did not want to leave.

“Xiaoxue, walk further away,” Xu Tui advised with a smile.

Under Xu Tui’s insistence, An Xiaoxue still distanced herself from this place.

“Also, if you bring all three of your subordinates back, I think it will also arouse suspicion! The other Planetary realms have all been wiped out, but your subordinates are intact. It’s best to kill one or two,” Cai Shaochu suggested.

“Then let’s kill one.”

“Which one should we kill?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment. The situation of the three of them flashed through his mind. He quickly had a target. “Bart.”

“Alright, bear with it. Also, I’ll secretly escort you in the cosmic tunnel to avoid any accidents. In addition, I’m mainly causing physical injuries to you. Remember to expend a large amount of mind power before you arrive at Ceres Star,” Cai Shaochu instructed again.

Xu Tui nodded again. Then, he stirred the five-layered Vajra Set.

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu’s mind power surged out. The Suppression Formula appeared and ruthlessly imprinted itself on Xu Tui’s back. Even though Cai Shaochu had only used 70% of his power, Xu Tui’s five-layered Vajra Set instantly shattered. The Suppression Formula instantly struck Xu Tui’s body.

The terrifying sound of bones shattering instantly rang out.

Blood spurted out of Xu Tui’s mouth. An indescribable pain spread out from his chest and abdomen. He felt that his chest and abdomen seemed to have become meat paste at this moment.

“Was it a little heavy?” Cai Shaochu frowned.

“It’s about time. It’s best if a little of your force field remains in my body,” Xu Tui said as he endured the pain.

Cai Shaochu nodded slowly. He activated the Suppression Formula Force Field again and slowly imprinted it on Xu Tui’s wound. Although it was only a remnant force field this time, it still triggered Xu Tui’s injuries again. Xu Tui could not help but grunt. Blood flowed from the corner of his mouth again.

“Alright, Principal, I’m leaving!” Xu Tui tried his best to use his holy power to treat his external injuries. However, his holy power could treat external forces, but it could not resolve Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula Force Field. Therefore, he would not be able to recover from his injuries in a short period of time.

“Be careful. Safety is the most important thing!”

Xu Tui disappeared before Cai Shaochu could finish his sentence.

Although Xu Tui was seriously injured, it was his physical body that was injured. His mind power was intact, and his mental body was not damaged. His strength was basically there.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui found the three of them. The three of them were shocked when they saw Xu Tui.

“Let’s go!” Xu Tui roared.

Cai Shaochu caught up when he just roared. Under Xu Tui’s deliberate lead,

Bart instantly fell behind. Ten seconds later, Bart was killed by Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula. However, it also gave Xu Tui a chance to use his supernatural ability, Blizzard.

The Blizzard could only block an expert like Cai Shaochu for a short period of time. However, it was enough for Xu Tui.

Although Derry and Belas did not understand what was going on, they followed Xu Tui and fled in fear.

Under Xu Tui’s layers of confusion, he once again got rid of Cai Shaochu. After circling around, he circled around from the other direction of the Karsnai asteroid and arrived at the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel.

This was because he had a plan.

There were only three quasi-planets guarding this place.

However, Xu Tui first used the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence and the Illusory Reality to secretly affect the memories of Derry and Belas. Then, he faked a fight. Two of the three quasi-planetary experts left behind to remake the battle, and the other one escaped with the other two.

Xu Tui, who was seriously injured, staggered into the defense fortress with the unconscious Bunet, Derry, and Belas.

Fortunately, not many people from the Blue Star stayed here. With just a glance, Xu Tui brought the unconscious Bunet, Derry, and the others into the cosmic tunnel through the node here.

As long as he entered the cosmic tunnel, he would be much safer.

At most, Xu Tui and the others would be able to bring the unconscious Bunet to Ceres Star in 10 to 15 minutes. Then, they would enter the Water Origin Palace occupied by the Muyas.

Until now, the plan had gone smoothly.

However, just as Xu Tui, Derry, and Belas were leading Bunet into the narrow tunnel of the defense fortress, a figure wrapped in flames suddenly appeared in the hall of the defense fortress.

The moment this figure appeared, he sized up the entire defense fortress warily. His powerful mind power spread in all directions.

There were traces of battle here, as well as…

Suddenly, the gaze of the figure wrapped in flames landed on Xu Tui, Derry, and Belas, who had just rushed in. Xu Tui, who wanted to pass through this place and return to the cosmic tunnel, was also stunned.

Why was there suddenly a fire-type supernatural being, and an expert with an extremely powerful aura?

Five Satellites! He was at least a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse! There was no such arrangement in his and Cai Shaochu’s script. Who was this person? Which side were they from?

Xu Tui suddenly stopped. While he secretly sized up the figure wrapped in flames opposite him, he immediately contacted Cai Shaochu to ask about the situation.

Cai Shaochu’s answer stunned Xu Tui. He did not know! In other words, the figure wrapped in flames in front of him was completely in an unexpected situation. Which side was it from?

The two groups of people looked at each other. They observed each other but did not take the initiative to attack. However, his mind power surged out and sensed the other party’s aura. Suddenly, Xu Tui frowned. Why did the aura of the person opposite him feel very familiar? The humans of the Blue Star?

“Muyas? Three quasi-planets?” The figure wrapped in fire shadow suddenly laughed. “I’ll give you a chance to surrender!”

Xu Tui’s expression suddenly changed when he heard this voice. He immediately understood who this was!

Itavi!

The figure wrapped in flames in front of him was Itavi!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1