Chapter 1404 - 1404: Who Would Know?

Chapter 1404: Who Would Know?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The blizzard domain spread out immediately and instantly covered the entire defense fortress.

The smile on Itavi’s face turned into a sneer. “You’re courting death!”

The flames around his body suddenly intensified, and the blizzard domain that had just covered him instantly dissipated. However, this mind power fluctuation made Itavi feel a little familiar. He seemed to have seen it somewhere before, but it was also a little unfamiliar.

It was mainly because Xu Tui’s mind power and the Blizzard Domain had been enhanced by a large amount of holy power.

In the next moment, Itavi extended his left hand. A fire dragon instantly materialized and grabbed toward Xu Tui. It was as if the fire dragon was going out to sea. Wherever it passed, the blizzard domain dissipated.

Xu Tui tried his best to activate the ice javelin and attack the fire dragon. However, he could only weaken the fire dragon continuously. He could not annihilate it.

In terms of the strength of a fire-type supernatural being, Itavi was very strong. In an instant, the fire dragon struck Xu Tui’s body.

He instantly activated the five layers of the Vajra Set. However, in order to confuse Itavi, Xu Tui still drew out a large amount of holy power from the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token and mixed it into the Vajra Set.

The weakened fire dragon dissipated after piercing through four layers of the enhanced Vajra Set. There was still a layer of the Vajra Set that had holy light left.

Itavi was a little surprised. A small quasi-planet had actually blocked his full-powered attack. It was really…

Xu Tui did not stop his enhancement of the Blizzard Domain. A few bottles of water were spilled, and the temperature in the entire defense fortress rapidly decreased

At the same time, the ice javelins continued to bombard Itavi.

Itavi frowned slightly. He could sense that the attack power of the quasi-planetary opponent was constantly increasing. The increment was not large, but if it continued to increase at this rate, the threat to him would become greater.

This was also the characteristic of Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain.

The longer it lasted, the lower the temperature, and the greater the power.

Itavi stared at Xu Tui, his pupils constricting. The quasi-planetary opponent seemed to be extraordinary. He had to hurry up and deal with him. However, there were definitely not many such quasi-planets. He might know something.

Itavi still decided to capture the Muya alive.

In the next moment, Itavi was like an exploding fireball. Countless flames erupted with him as the center. In an instant, the snowstorm domain that Xu Tui had carefully set up dissipated under Itavi’s attack.

The entire defense fortress quickly became hot. Derry and Belas had already quickly retreated and avoided it. They would be injured and die if they touched a battle of this level. They did not dare to participate at all.

In the next moment, Itavi, who was like a sea of fire, pounced toward Xu Tui with monstrous flames. Suddenly, Xu Tui’s feet landed on the ground. He instantly expanded to a height of 10 meters like a balloon.

Only the head was the same size. It looked very incongruous.

However, the moment the earth body appeared, the power of the earth of the entire Karsnai asteroid seemed to be gathering toward Xu Tui from all directions.

Mountain Formula!

Earth Puppet!

Both erupted at the same time.

An earth puppet giant rolled up from the ground like mud. Its huge body hugged Itavi, but in an instant, it was turned into juice by the flames erupting around Itavi.

The Mountain Formula smashed down!

“Scram! Itavi roared angrily. He raised one hand to the sky and a flame that was like a nuclear explosion instantly exploded. It directly shattered Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula.

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. Itavi was more powerful than he had imagined, but Xu Tui was not afraid at all. “Again!” He waved his hands. This time, the two giant earth puppets rolled up from the ground and hugged Itavi again.

Itavi had a suspicious expression. This battle method felt very familiar to him, but he did not have the time to think too much about it during the battle.

This Earth Puppet Giant was much more powerful than the previous Blizzard Domain. This was especially so for the guy opposite him. He had the abnormality and must have a high status.

Itavi activated the flames with all his might and shattered two more earth puppet giants. Then, the Mountain Formula blasted down again, making him a little restless. The Muya opposite him was a quasi-planet, and he had fought most of him with the help of the abnormality.

It was really unbelievable!

However, it was still not enough!

In the next moment, Itavi danced with the fire dragon and shattered the earth puppet giant that Xu Tui had instantiated again. It pounced toward Xu Tui.

However, the moment he pounced out, Itavi’s expression changed. In his mental perception, a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses suddenly appeared around him. All of them roared crazily and pounced at him. There were at least six of them!

Itavi was shocked! He had been ambushed!

This was Xu Tui’s Illusory Reality.

In just an instant, Itavi reacted. It was an illusion

However, the moment it shattered, a huge word suddenly landed on Itavi’s head.

Itavi was too familiar with the word ‘fix’. It was the signature ability of Cai

Shaochu, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector. However, Itavi instinctively felt that this was another illusion. Cai Shaochu should not be here. Even if he was here, he would not attack him directly like this.

So this was an illusion!

The best way to break through the illusion was to attack directly. One of the fire dragons that was waving with both hands blasted toward the word ‘fix’ , while the other shot toward Xu Tui. However, in the next moment, Itavi’s eyes revealed an indescribable shock.

This is real!

The fire dragon that was aimed at the word “fix” instantly stopped.

This is real! The word ‘fix’ was actually real. It was not an illusion! In other words, Cai Shaochu was here and even took the initiative to attack him. How was that possible?

As an old coin, Itavi thought of countless possibilities at this moment. He was shocked, angry, and afraid. Was Cai Shaochu ignoring the big picture and going to deal with him with the Muyas?

That was impossible!

There was a problem with the Muya on the other side! Suddenly, Itavi realized the root of the problem. However, it was too sudden. And it was a little too late.

Caught off guard, the huge word landed on Itavi. Even though Itavi was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, his body still froze when Cai Shaochu’s word landed on him. Moreover, Cai Shaochu was now a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He was much stronger than him.

Itavi suddenly saw a sword appear above the head of the Muya opposite him. It was a small dark-colored sword.

God Slaying Sword!

Xu Tui!

In an instant, Itavi reacted! It was a trap! This was a trap to kill him!

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword would definitely be able to hit him since he was fixed by Cai Shaochu’s word. His mental body would definitely be severely injured by the God Slaying Sword.

In an instant, Itavi understood everything. However, even though he understood, he could not avoid it. Itavi, who had stopped in his tracks, could only watch as the God Slaying Sword above Xu Tui’s head disappeared and appeared above his head.

Itavi understood that he was finished. If he did not use any life-saving methods today, he might really be finished. The moment the God Slaying Sword slashed into his body, Itavi’s eyes suddenly turned blood-red. Under his terrifying control of mind power, the blood in his head instantly boiled.

The moment the God Slaying Sword slashed into his head, Itavi’s head instantly exploded.

Bang!

Itavi’s head exploded like a watermelon.

Itavi had taken the initiative to explode his head. This explosion caused Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword to miss. It was supposed to cut into Itavi’s head, but his head was gone. The God Slaying Sword slashed into the underside of his neck.

However, Itavi’s mental body also turned into a Fire Shadow Dwarf at this moment and escaped from his exploded head.

The moment it escaped, the Fire Shadow Dwarf turned into a bolt of lightning and flew towards the node of the cosmic tunnel. As long as the fire shadow figure formed by his mental body escaped into the cosmic tunnel, he would be able to escape.

In the distance, Cai Shaochu, who was about to attack again, was also very surprised.

Itavi was even more decisive than he had imagined. When he realized that he

had attacked, his head had exploded and his mental body had fled. His reaction was too fast and decisive!

The exit of the cosmic tunnel was not far behind Itavi. This way, that old thief, Itavi, would be able to escape!

It was so…!

Cai Shaochu was furious.

However, neither Cai Shaochu nor Itavi noticed that Xu Tui had disappeared at this moment. He had disappeared into thin air! The figure formed by Itavi’s fire figure was about to rush out of the cosmic tunnel node when a figure suddenly appeared in front of it.

The Fire Shadow Dwarf suddenly collided with the additional figure. In his anxiety, the Fire Shadow retreated at lightning speed.

Xu Tui, who had just teleported to stop Itavi, sneered. “Old thief, let’s see where you can escape this time!” The Small God Slaying Sword that was condensed with mind power above his head appeared and instantly disappeared.

“Xu Tui, how dare you!” Itavi let out a sharp cry. The moment Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword disappeared, the figure of fire also flashed, intending to avoid it. However, another ‘fix’ word silently landed above his head, causing his fire shadow to freeze. “Cai Shaochu, I will kill you!” Itavi roared angrily.

The roar suddenly stopped. Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword slashed into Itavi’s fire shadow figure. The moment it slashed in, Itavi’s fire figure instantly cracked layer by layer. Its aura instantly dissipated by 70%.

However, the Fire Shadow was still there. Itavi’s mental body had not dissipated.

“Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, aren’t you afraid that the Blue Star Alliance will completely collapse if you dare to kill me?” Itavi hissed.

“Why didn’t you think that when you plotted against me time and time again?” Xu Tui sneered. The mental hammer had already landed heavily on Itavi’s broken mental body, the Fire Shadow. The Fire Shadow Dwarf dissipated a little more. ‘Why didn’t you think that when you sold the Blue Star population to the foreign races?”

Xu Tui hammered down again. Itavi’s mental figure howled in pain. He had a shocked expression. He did not understand how Xu Tui knew this.

“Besides, who would know if I killed you today?” Xu Tui shrugged. The third mental hammer struck down at lightning speed.

Itavi’s fire shadow figure collapsed on the spot. However, as it dissipated, a ball of blue light flew out..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1