Chapter 1406 - 1406: What Would Happen If I Kill Him Again?

Chapter 1406: What Would Happen If I Kill Him Again?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

To be honest, Xu Tui’s heart suddenly contracted when he heard the news that something had happened to Planet Peach. In an instant, he became nervous. The excitement of refining the origin power of the Water Origin Palace was directly replaced by nervousness.

Planet Peach hid too many secrets and efforts of the pioneer raiders.

Sometimes, Xu Tui even thought that if the Blue Star was breached one day, Planet Peach might be the most suitable planet for immigration.

There was no other!

Ordinary people who had not undergone any genetic evolution could also cultivate on Planet Peach. Moreover, there were several energy gathering array cultivation centers established on Planet Peach.

Planet Peach was also the backbone cultivation center of Xu Tui’s Worldly Pioneer Raiders.

The first batch of Huaxia clansmen who had come previously, as well as the elites that Xu Tui had carefully chosen from the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race who had surrendered, had gone through several spiritual hints and imposed spiritual shackles.

They were all on Planet Peach.

According to the normal plan, in the next year, at least 200 new Transmutation Realms and at least 10 more quasi-planets would be added to Planet Peach.

With such power, coupled with the current power on Planet Peach, unless something like the entire Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force attacked, they were confident that they could defend against anyone who attacked.

That was the nest of the pioneer raiders.

Xu Tui was mainly concerned about the big picture and cultivation. Ah Huang operated like a steel bucket.

In the past year, Planet Peach had become completely self-sufficient. This meant that even if it completely cut off contact with the outside world in the future, Planet Peach would be able to become its own.

The only weakness of Planet Peach was that it had a cosmic tunnel node.

Fortunately, no one knew.

This time, Xu Tui had considered it for a long time in order to successfully destroy the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force. He had pulled the main force of the pioneer raiders over.

The reason why he did not leave much of his strength behind was that Xu Tui had considered that the main force of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders was not suitable to be dispersed.

If the main forces of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders gathered together and used the Four Satellites Planetary realm expert, Diwu Hui, and the Three Satellites Planetary realm, Yin Liu, as the core, together with Bu Qingqiu and An Xiaoxue, who far exceeded the super support, and the meat shield, Lavis, they would be able to withstand a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, as long as there were not many other Planetary realm powerhouses from the other party.

After all, the strength of the quasi-planetary experts of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders far exceeded their standards. Many quasi-planetary experts already had the strength to face a Planetary realm expert head-on.

If the main forces were separated, they would be nothing. It was easy for them to suffer major casualties.

Therefore, Xu Tui pulled them all out.

According to the original plan, it would take about one to two hours for all the main forces to be pulled out and then return to Planet Peach through the cosmic tunnel. The possibility of an accident happening was very small.

However, more than an hour after the main force of the pioneer raiders left Planet Peach, something happened to Planet Peach.

To be honest, the moment he was told by Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui instinctively suspected that a traitor had appeared among his subordinates.

There would not be any problems with the Blue Star humans in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. However, the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were complicated. There was the Spiritual Race, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Fission Race. Would there be any problems among these people?

Although Xu Tui was very confident that he had used at least four rounds of Spiritual Resonance and Spiritual Shackles, he could not guarantee that there were no accidents.

However, Xu Tui then thought of Itavi. It was definitely not a coincidence that Itavi had suddenly appeared on the Karsnai asteroid. In that case, could the enemy who invaded Planet Peach be related to Itavi?

Also, Cai Shaochu was very sure that no one had followed them when they came. Cai Shaochu was still very careful about this. Then how did Itavi chase after Cai Shaochu’s traces?

Firstly, his direct destination was the Karsnai asteroid. Secondly, he might have followed the remnant traces of the cosmic tunnel.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart trembled. He knew the reason why the cosmic tunnel node on Planet Peach had been exposed. Under normal circumstances, it would be like hitting the jackpot to search inch by inch with his mental perception and find the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach.

Unless he had the luck to win the lottery, it was basically impossible. The greatest possibility was that someone had found the traces of An Xiaoxue and the others in the cosmic tunnel. It had been more than an hour since An Xiaoxue and the others came out of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach. The remnant traces of passage were very obvious.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he thought of this. With this judgment, the possibility of a traitor appearing in the pioneer raiders was basically eliminated. It would be very troublesome if he could not find the reason.

Since Xu Tui trusted his Spiritual Shackles, he would have to investigate the internal affairs one by one in the future.

The danger brought about by a traitor was too terrifying.

Xu Tui knew this very well.

For example, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had been ambushed this time, then their way out had been destroyed. They had lost more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses. How did this happen?

The most important reason was the existence of Xu Tui, a spy. If such a person came from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, the Worldly Pioneer raiders would not be far from being destroyed. An enemy had invaded Planet Peach, but it was not an internal problem. This was not the worst-case scenario. However, the problem of Planet Peach had to be dealt with immediately.

“Derry, Belas, the two of you guard the entrance of the cosmic tunnel. If an enemy comes, come out and look for me. I’ll go and investigate the enemy.”

Xu Tui had to deal with the crisis on Planet Peach first. After leaving the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid, Xu Tui appeared a thousand meters above the ground in a flash. Cai Shaochu and An Xiaoxue were waiting for him.

“What happened?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“This is an urgent report from Ah Huang through the nearest quantum teleportation channel. The communication delay was about two minutes ago.” An Xiaoxue showed Xu Tui an image. The location of the image was the interior of the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel nn Planet Peach

In the recording, a figure wrapped in green light was as fast as a ghost.

Not only did it not hit any of the high-energy lasers of the hundreds of defense robots, but it also successfully lured into the true three-phase thermal explosive field after breaking into the second layer of defense.

Under normal circumstances, as long as they entered the three-phase thermal bomb field, according to Ah Huang’s design, the Planetary realm would be severely injured on the spot if they barged in.

However, the moment the 10 three-phase thermal bombs exploded and he was about to fall into the center of the nuclear explosion, this figure instantly flashed away and arrived at the entrance of the defense fortress.

Not only did he avoid the core of the nuclear explosion array, but he also avoided the secondary nuclear explosion circle. The green light on his body fluctuate a few times and he was basically not injured.

“A wind-type supernatural being, he should be at the Five Satellites Planetary realm. Judging from his figure and the characteristics of his supernatural abilities, he looks more like a human from the Blue Star than a Spiritual Race. Moreover, the supernatural ability just now looks a little familiar.”

“Raymont!”

Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui revealed the identity of the person in unison. He could disguise his appearance, but the characteristics of supernatural beings were difficult to disguise. This was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had to study water-type supernatural abilities when he was undercover.

“Based on this time, Raymont might have chased after me with Itavi.” Cai Shaochu frowned.

“Xiaoxue, what is Ah Huang’s countermeasure?” Xu Tui asked.

“According to Ah Huang’s judgment, in the worst-case scenario, the intruder might find the base of the Peach Base in eight minutes. Therefore, after discovering that the enemy had barged in, because the main force was not around, they began to retreat according to the established procedure.

“Within eight minutes, all the resources that could be taken away would be taken away. Those that could not be taken away would be activated and self-destructed. All the personnel would be evacuated to Planet Liuxia.

“According to the communication delay, they had already begun to retreat. However, eight minutes was too short. They could only evacuate all the people and take away the most important resources. There were many things that could not be taken away.

“Therefore, according to the second plan, many production lines were only temporarily shut down and locked down. They did not activate the self-destruction program,” An Xiaoxue said.

The emergency was activated normally. This was another piece of good news. The problem now was, if the intruder was really Raymont, how could he solve the problem?

Get An Xiaoxue to bring the main force over?

He definitely could not.

The overall strength of Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders was not bad. They could resist Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. However, they were most afraid of an expert like Raymont, who specialized in speed.

Xu Tui, the spiritual figure, was not around. It was very easy to defeat them one by one.

“There are two plans. I’ll go over and reveal my identity. I’ll tell Raymont that Planet Peach is yours. Is it possible to let him leave?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly when he heard that. Under normal circumstances, Cai Shaochu’s plan was feasible. However, based on Xu Tui’s current understanding of Raymont, he was a very complicated person. He also had a huge secret.

Xu Tui had clearly killed him last time, but he had revived.

It was so…!

“If this plan doesn’t work, do you still have the strength to fight? I’ll go with you. I’ll secretly cooperate with you and kill him.” Cai Shaochu revealed the

second plan.

Xu Tui shook his head again. He no longer had the strength to fight. Whether it was the consumed God Slaying Sword or the huge consumption of mind power, they all needed time to recover.

Most importantly, Xu Tui could not be sure if he could completely kill Raymont this time. If Cai Shaochu had already taken action and Raymont was alive again, it would be a huge problem if he was not completely killed.

As for the first plan, it was feasible.

Raymont still had to give Cai Shaochu face! However, in that case, the location of Planet Peach would be completely exposed.

Due to the current situation of the Blue Star being riddled with holes, if the location of the Planet Peach was made public on the Blue Star, it would be equivalent to publicly giving it to the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and so on.

Even if he took it back, the possibility of being visited by an outsider would increase by ten to a hundred times.

“Principal, if we don’t appear, do you think Raymont will secretly study Planet Peach and not publicize it?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Then what?”

Xu Tui glanced at Cai Shaochu and said, “Last time, I killed Raymont and he revived! What do you think will happen if I kill him again?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1