Chapter 1403 - 1403: Chance To Kill The Enemy

Chapter 1403 - 1403: Chance to Kill the Enemy

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Why would Itavi appear in the defense fortress of the Karsnai asteroid? Neither Xu Tui nor Cai Shaochu could find an answer to this question. However, that was not important. What was important was how to deal with Itavi.

This was very important!

“What treatment can you give us if we surrender?” Xu Tui communicated with Itavi in a tone that he had learned to be familiar with the Muyas over the past few days.

Itavi, who was opposite him, should not have thought that the Muya opposite him was Xu Tui in disguise. When he heard the Muya opposite him speak, he was a little tempted. As long as they were willing to negotiate, there was a possibility of a deal.

In terms of value, the three quasi-planetary Muya captives in front of him were actually worthless.

However, it was the best way for Itavi to obtain information about the Muyas. He might even be able to obtain their contact information from the three captives. He might even be able to contact them.

The reason why Itavi did not capture the three people in front of him alive on the spot was mainly because of the lesson of the Planet Kono battle.

During the battle where Darak led the Muyas to attack Planet Kono, the Blue

Star captured many Muyas. However, they could not obtain any key information on the Muyas. That was why Itavi did not capture them directly.

Instead, he lured them to surrender.

“Isn’t the condition for letting you live with a certain level of dignity good enough?” Itavi was also an expert at bargaining. He made a condition unhurriedly.

However, while Xu Tui was bargaining, he urgently contacted Cai Shaochu. The situation in front of him was really not easy to deal with.

Cai Shaochu was also in a difficult position. If it were anyone else, such as Haren or Augustus, Cai Shaochu would have stepped forward and explained the situation.

However, Itavi, an old coin, was different.

This old coin had previously contacted the Spiritual Race in private and was a traitor. His disciple, Kitawan, even proved that Itavi had once participated in the sale of humans from the Blue Star.

From these points, it could be said that this old coin had no bottom line. If he knew that the Muya in front of him was Xu Tui in disguise and that Xu Tui was a spy, who knew what kind of trouble would happen?

Once that happened, Xu Tui’s best choice would be to stop being a spy.

However, Xu Tui was indignant.

At this point in the plan, he had even cooperated with Cai Shaochu and used the ruse of self-injury to severely injure himself. Now, all of his efforts would be in vain because of an old coin like Itavi.

Xu Tui was very indignant.

“I’ll step forward and reveal my identity. Cancel your undercover plan. This is the best choice.” Cai Shaochu’s voice was filled with helplessness after he weighed the pros and cons.

“Principal, I don’t want to!” Xu Tui clearly expressed his refusal.

“What do you want?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui dealt with Itavi as a ferocious light flashed in his eyes. This was a crisis, but it was also a good opportunity. It was rare for Itavi to be alone.

“Principal, I want to kill him,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu was not surprised by this thought. Xu Tui had already told Cai

Shaochu about the relevant information in their previous exchanges. That

included Kitawan’s confession. It could be said that Cai Shaochu did not have any psychological pressure if he really wanted to kill Itavi.

Cai Shaochu was not a merciful person. Killing Itavi would cause a slight loss to the overall strength of the Blue Star. However, in the big picture, there were only benefits and no disadvantages. This old coin only did things for benefits. He had no bottom line at all.

But now, there was only one problem.

“Xu Tui, to be honest, I don’t have the confidence to kill Itavi.” Cai Shaochu’s words were very sincere. Itavi was at the peak of the Five Satellites, while Cai Shaochu was only at the Six Satellites. “If I can’t kill him in one strike, it might bring us great trouble! It might even cause the current Blue Star Alliance to collapse. If that situation happens, it might bring disaster to the Blue Star!” Cai Shaochu said worriedly.

“What if I join forces with you?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s still possible for me to join forces with you! However, I’m still worried. If I attack directly but don’t completely kill Itavi, it might bring about an indescribable chain reaction. Up until now, there had been infighting among the higher-ups of the Blue Star. There had been all kinds of open and covert battles. However, such a situation of directly killing the other party has never happened before.”

Xu Tui was silent for a moment. He understood Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu’s worries made sense. Whether it was from the perspective of the Blue Star or the Huaxia Sector, Cai Shaochu’s worries made sense. If Cai Shaochu had taken action but did not kill Itavi on the spot and let him escape, it would have brought him great trouble!

However, the problem was that he could not kill him. And Xu Tui did not want his undercover plan to fail. He was in a dilemma.

“Xu Tui, stop the undercover plan.” Cai Shaochu suddenly made a decision for Xu Tui.

“No, never!” Xu Tui rejected him firmly.

To be honest, if he wanted to stop the undercover plan, he would have done so earlier. It was also possible for it to be stopped because of other factors. However, Xu Tui would probably be so depressed that he would vomit blood if he were to stop the undercover plan that he had put in so much effort for because of an old coin like Itavi.

Xu Tui made a decision in a flash.

“Principal, we can’t stop the undercover plan. Moreover, I still want to try and kill Itavi,” Xu Tui said.

“Tell me about your plan.”

“I’ll be the main attacker. You’ll secretly wait for an opportunity to support me once or twice. You only need to trick Itavi once or twice. That’s enough.” Xu Tui revealed his plan.

“What if we can’t kill him?” Cai Shaochu said.

“It’s easy if I can’t kill him. If I can’t, then I’ll just treat it as being exposed and stop the undercover plan. Moreover, even if Itavi guessed that you had secretly schemed against him once or twice, he would definitely not have any evidence! You didn’t attack head-on. What can he do to you? This was just like how we could not do anything to Itavi now. Principal, I think it can work,” Xu Tui analyzed.

Cai Shaochu was also an extremely decisive person. This was not the time to hesitate. He immediately made a decision after hearing Xu Tui’s plan.

“Alright, I agree with your plan! I’ll wait for an opportunity to assist you. However, once I discover that your life is in danger, I’ll take action immediately to stop Itavi and stop your undercover plan,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Don’t force yourself. You’re still injured,” Cai Shaochu reminded him. “Principal, don’t worry. My injuries are fine. My mental body is fine!”

Xu Tui suddenly became a little excited after he finished speaking. To be honest, he had wanted to beat up Itavi for a long time, but he had never had the chance. Today, he finally had this chance!

However, Itavl, tms 010 com, was powerrul.

A Planetary realm powerhouse at the peak of Five Satellites who had activated the abnormality. It was hard to say how strong he was.

Although Xu Tui had many trump cards, if Cai Shaochu had not been waiting for an opportunity to attack, Xu Tui’s chances of killing Itavi would have been extremely low. Even with Cai Shaochu’s help, Xu Tui had to use all kinds of factors to the extreme.

“I’m just alive! In that case, it’s meaningless to us! However, I think that if you can give us better treatment, I might be able to unleash greater value,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as Xu Tui said that, Itavi, who was opposite him, had a delighted expression. The Muya opposite him seemed to be very troublesome. Wasn’t what he wanted another value?

“Tell me the details,” Itavi said with interest.

“For example? I’ll be a middleman to conduct a transaction between the two races. Do we exchange favors?” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and said.

On the other side, Itavi was overjoyed. This was what he had hoped for the most. He immediately said in surprise, “Are you serious? You’re a quasi-planetary. I’m afraid…’

“He’s a noble!” Xu Tui said as he patted Derry’s shoulder. Itavi’s gaze instantly turned to Derry.

At this moment, holy light and cold air spread out at the same time.

Xu Tui moved..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1