Chapter 1407 - 1407: Investigation

Chapter 1407: Investigation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the end, Xu Tui decided to deal with the crisis of Planet Peach being invaded later.

The best method at the moment was for Xu Tui to bring the main force of Planet Peach and kill his way over. Then, Cai Shaochu would secretly cooperate and kill Raymont in one fell swoop.

Although Raymont had a high status, he had attacked Xu Tui repeatedly previously. He was already on Xu Tui’s must-kill list.

However, the resurrection from the dead last time brought Xu Tui layers of concerns. This was especially so now. Xu Tui had just killed Itavi and had expended a lot of energy. The identity of the impersonated Kaedo was very important at this moment.

In any case, Ah Huang had already implemented the emergency plan and retreated. They had suffered a huge loss, but what they had lost were basically tangible assets like buildings. They would be able to recover them in the future as long as they had time.

The current judgment that the invaders of Planet Peach was Raymont was only Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu’s preliminary judgment. If he really wanted to take back Planet Peach, he had to completely understand the specific situation of the invaders.

Next, Ah Huang would carry out this matter.

There were countless unmanned machines hidden on Planet Peach. They were controlled by Ah Huang and carried out reconnaissance missions. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to completely eliminate this number of unmanned machines. That would require a large number of people.

Moreover, Raymont’s identity was complicated. If Xu Tui charged back now, would he encounter the reinforcements that Raymont had called over?

Therefore, it was necessary to postpone.

As for the cultivation of the members of the pioneer raiders, he could only leave it to Planet Liuxia for the time being.

An energy gathering array could also be set up on Planet Liuxia. However, even if there was an energy gathering array, the cultivation effect on Planet Liuxia was probably less than two-thirds of that on Planet Peach.

However, this situation should not last long.

“Principal, you’ll bring the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders back to the Wood Origin Palace of Ceres. It just so happens that their cultivation levels have increased very quickly during this period of time. Let the seniors of the Huaxia Sector teach them well.

I had to return to the Water Origin Palace of the Ceres Star first to stabilize this identity.

“If I disappear for too long, the higher-ups of the Muyas might interrogate the two of my subordinates. I’m afraid that something will go wrong,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay, then go quickly! It’s been hard on you.” Cai Shaochu sighed softly. He patted Xu Tui’s shoulder and disappeared. He was leaving space for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

“I’m going.” Xu Tui gently hugged An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue crossed her arms, but it made Xu Tui frown. She touched the wound on Xu Tui’s chest and abdomen. The bones here were all shattered.

Xu Tui’s frown made An Xiaoxue almost cry. An Xiaoxue knew that Xu Tui had to maintain his injured state for the time being. He could only quickly recover from his injuries after he returned to the Muyas.

“Go ahead. Remember, safety comes first if there are any signs of danger.”

“Okay!” He kissed An Xiaoxue’s forehead gently, and Xu Tui instantly disappeared. In another flash, he appeared in the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid. Derry and Belas were hugging the unconscious Bunet and waiting for Xu Tui uneasily. “Let’s go.” “Where are we going?” Derry and Belas were a little uneasy.

“To Ceres. We have to go to Ceres and find Lord Xiliude and the others to be safe! I’ll give you another spiritual hint later. If they ask, just tell them normally,” Xu Tui said.

Derry and Belas nodded at the same time.

In the next moment, Xu Tui brought the two of them through the node of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid. Inadvertently, the holy power that he activated mixed with Xu Tui’s mind power and landed on their heads.

Xu Tui used all of the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, such as spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, advanced hypnosis, and Spiritual Concealment. Not only that, but he also used the vortex left eye. Xu Tui used the Illusory Reality to weave some scenes to deal with possible interrogation.

As long as he passed this stage, Xu Tui would have contributed greatly to rescuing Bunet. Then, it would be even more stable within the Muyas.

Most importantly, there was nothing wrong with Bunet. This was also Xu Tui’s guarantee that he would take the risk.

They advanced very quickly in the cosmic tunnel. In about 15 minutes, they arrived at the entrance of the cosmic tunnel of Ceres. Xu Tui crushed a hyphen and greeted Cai Shaochu, who was secretly escorting him, to tell him to stay away.

When he stepped into the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star, he directly used his personal holy token to contact Bishop Xiliude.

After all, Xu Tui was also Officiant Kaedo. This was the first time he had come to the Water Origin Palace of Ceres Star. Xu Tui did not know which of the four paths he should take. So he had to put on a full show.

In the Water Origin Palace of Ceres Star, Bishop Xiliude, who was suppressing the blazing sunlight in his body, suddenly had a change in expression. Someone had contacted him with a personal holy token!

Under normal circumstances, not many people had the right to contact him directly with their personal holy tokens. In the next moment, the personal holy token in front of his chest flew up. Holy light surged out and Xu Tui’s voice rang out.

Bishop Xiliude was very surprised. In the next moment, Kodo’s first sentence made Bishop Xiliude’s expression changed.

Bishop Xiliude stood up with an extremely ugly expression. The Karsnai asteroid was their way out. With it, they could contact the Muyas again in the shortest time possible. As long as both sides were prepared, they would be able to obtain the support of the local forces in the shortest time possible.

However, now that the Karsnai asteroid had been captured by the Blue Star humans, the Holy Temple base would be destroyed.

Not only would the time it took to contact the local people in the future be greatly increased, even the self-sufficiency that Bishop Xiliude had hoped for was destroyed.

In other words, the situation of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force immediately became several times worse when Karsnai was attacked and captured by the Blue Star humans.

It was also a huge blow to the morale of the military.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, Derry, and Belas were brought into the Water Origin Palace. Under the gazes of Xiliude, Dylin, Neff, and the others,

Commander-in-chief Dylin anxiously asked about the details of the battle.

Xu Tui told the truth.

The gloomy-looking Bishop Xiliude first treated Xu Tui’s injuries. Then, a large amount of holy light slowly landed on Bunet’s head under the guidance of Bishop Xiliude.

Ten minutes later, Bunet, whose mental body had been severely injured, slowly woke up. The moment he woke up, Bunet first exclaimed. Then, after confirming that he was safe, he thanked Xu Tui sincerely.

Of course, Bishop Xiliude and Commander-in-chief Dylin also learned about the situation of the battle from Bunet. A few minutes later,

Commander-in -chief Dylin looked at all the Planetary realm experts present with a dark expression and said coldly, “There might be a problem within us! Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to be ambushed first, then ambushed by the Blue Star humans on the Karsnai asteroid. Bishop, what do you think?” Dylin looked at Bishop Xiliude.

“Investigate. We have to investigate! Investigate thoroughly!” Bishop Xiliude’s voice was filled with anger..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1