Chapter 1401 - 1401: Return To The Internal Script

Chapter 1401: Return to the Internal Script

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

They flew from the temporary Holy Temple base of the Karsnai asteroid to the cosmic tunnel node defense fortress.

The distance between these two locations had been strictly tested before. With the maximum speed of the commander of the 5th Combat Brigade, Bunet, it was three and a half minutes. As long as he received the warning, he would be able to rush over in three and a half minutes.

Ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses below Five Satellites were not good at speed. It would take more than four minutes. The speed at which quasi-planets rushed over was generally more than five minutes, or even longer.

The moment the energy defense at the node of the cosmic tunnel was torn apart, Bunet sensed it. Although he did not know how many enemies there were, he knew that an enemy had definitely invaded.

Bunet immediately gathered the only Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms in the temporary Holy Temple base and quickly pounced towards the cosmic tunnel defense fortress to reinforce them.

He did not bring any Transmutation Realms.

Firstly, it was because the Transmutation Realm was not fast enough.

Secondly, the temporary Holy Temple base still needed someone to guard it.

However, less than 20 seconds after he brought Xu Tui and the others into the sky, Bunet became anxious.

Xu Tui and the others, who were quasi-planetary, slowed him down a little. At this speed, it might take more than five and a half minutes to reach the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid.

Although it was only more than two minutes late, in many battles, two minutes might be the two minutes that determined victory and death.

“Officiant Kaedo, I’ll go first. I’ll go and reinforce them first. I’ll contact you on the way.” After saying this, Bunet brought another Planetary realm expert and instantly accelerated into the distance.

Behind Xu Tui, the people who knew a little about the situation looked at Xu

rul witn strange expressions.

There were two other quasi-planets left behind.

At this moment, these two quasi-planetary experts were an eyesore. This was because Xu Tui had just established a technological communication with An Xiaoxue, who had captured the defensive fortress.

Thirty seconds later, after Xu Tui confirmed that Bunet had left, he silently condensed a mental hammer and suddenly smashed it down.

One hammer, one kill!

One of them was killed by the hammer, while the other fainted on the spot. Then, he was stabbed between the brows by Derry. Then, the inside of his head was shattered. The two quasi-planets of the Muyas died without even figuring out what was going on.

“Sir, what should we do next?” When he saw Xu Tui put away the corpses of the two quasi-planetary experts, Derry’s gaze was a little greedy.

“Continue traveling to the defense fortress.”

As he advanced, Xu Tui used the technological equipment he had taken out to contact Cai Shaochu.

An Xiaoxue had brought a small communication tower. She activated it immediately when she attacked the defense fortress so that she could contact Xu Tui.

“Principal, Bunet and the other Planetary realm expert are already rushing toward the defense fortress. One is at the peak of Five Satellites, and the other is a Three Satellites Planetary realm. They will arrive in two minutes,” Xu Tui reported.

“Yes, I understand. No problem. Then I’ll capture and kill them all!”

Cai Shaochu was confident in this aspect.

In the lightning-fast battle just now, the Planetary realm had not suffered any damage. They had an absolute advantage now.

Xu Tui hesitated when he heard that. “Principal, I have a question.”

“Speak!”

“Time is tight, so I’ll make it short. Principal, you know my current identity. Officiant Kaedo has successfully infiltrated the enemy. I obtained the trust of their current leader, Bishop Xiliude. Should I give up just like that, or should I continue to hide among the Muyas and look for an opportunity?” Xu Tui used his energy domain to wrap himself up so that Derry and the others would not hear the conversation.

“What do you mean?” After a pause, Cai Shaochu understood why Xu Tui said that. “Bunet’s life and death?”

“That’s right! Principal, if all the Muyas guarding the Karsnai asteroid died in battle and I was the only one who returned alive, it would definitely arouse their high suspicion. That would not be conducive to continuing to hide. If you need me to continue hiding, I think that this commander of the fifth brigade,

Bunet, is very important!”

“You can only continue to hide among the Muyas if you return alive with Bunet. With him as a cover.” Cai Shaochu already understood what Xu Tui meant. He wanted him to make a choice.

If he killed Bunet, Xu Tui would not be able to continue hiding. If he continued to hide, he would leave Bunet alive. He even arranged the direction of the upcoming battle and gave Xu Tui a chance to prove himself.

After a moment of silence, Cai Shaochu said, “Xu Tui, I personally think that you should come back. It was too dangerous to hide among the Muyas.

Especially after this battle, your life would be in danger at any time. There’s no need for you to take the risk now. You’ve done well enough. Your actions today have actually eliminated a huge hidden danger for the Blue Star.”

What Cai Shaochu said was the truth. He was really worried that Xu Tui’s identity would be exposed.

However, Xu Tui had his own thoughts. Otherwise, he would not have asked Cai Shaochu this.

“Principal, I still want to continue hiding! I think that there are many benefits to continuing to hide, be it for the entire Blue Star or our Huaxia Sector. Especiallv since I had alreadv obtained the trust of Bishop Xiliude. Even if thev suspect me, they won’t dare to touch me easily without solid evidence,” Xu Tui said.

“You decide!”

Xu Tui continued to blend in with the Muyas. The benefits were obvious in the two battles today. If not for Xu Tui, there would not have been a great victory in the cosmic tunnel ambush of Ceres and the lightning attack of the Karsnai asteroid.

In two battles, they had killed more than six Planetary realm powerhouses from the Muyas. This was actually relatively rare in past battles. In the past, even though the scale of the battles was larger than these two battles, not many Planetary realm powerhouses were killed in the end. Three to four were considered more.

Cai Shaochu still wanted Xu Tui to continue hiding and become a spy. However, he was also worried about Xu Tui’s safety.

“Principal, then I choose to continue hiding! Bunet is about to arrive. Arrange the script for the next incident,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui was confident in the script that Cai Shaochu had arranged.

Cai Shaochu was much better at scheming than Xu Tui.

To put it bluntly, Cai Shaochu had been able to fight with people like Haren, Itavi, and Raymont in the extra-terrestrial for so many years. The Huaxia Sector had been constantly expanding. Did they really think that Cai Shaochu was gentle and humble?

Absolutely not!

Of course, Cai Shaochu had his own bottom line. He was not like Itavi, who had no bottom line and only did it for benefits.

Two minutes later, Bunet carefully rushed to the defense fortress of the Karsnai asteroid cosmic tunnel with a cautious expression. He did not rush in immediately. It was mainly because he had not contacted any Planetary realm experts in the defense fortress.

The personal holy token of the Muyas had a communication function on a planet with a statue. However, he could not contact a Planetary realm. This made him suspicious and he became very careful.

Under normal circumstances, even if a powerful enemy attacked, the Planetary realm experts guarding the defense fortress should have time to warn them, right? Why was there no news at all?

As a peak Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Bunet’s combat awareness was not bad at all. However, vigilance was one thing. In the face of absolute strength, vigilance was useless.

In the next moment, a few Planetary realm experts appeared from all directions. Bunet was shocked, but he was not nervous. He was not afraid of the Three or Four Satellites Planetary realm.

However, just as he was fighting these people, a huge word fell. It blasted three times in a row, causing him to vomit blood and be severely injured on the spot. The other Planetary realm had already died in battle.

Bunet panicked. He really panicked! Was he going to die here?

He really did not want to die!

He had risked his life for so many years to reach the peak of the Five Satellites

Planetary realm. If he took another step forward, he would reach the Six Satellites Planetary realm. The Six Satellites Planetary realm was different among the Muyas. Their identity and status could be improved again.

However, if he died now, then…

Indescribably indignant, Bunet roared and began to try to break out of the encirclement.

He had wanted to fight to the death, but fortunately, he chose the right direction. He sent a Planetary realm powerhouse flying in the other direction and broke out of the encirclement.

He waved his hands repeatedly. Earth-element spears blasted behind him to stop the pursuers. His move could stop the pursuers of the other Planetary realms, but it could not stop Cai Shaochu, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Seeing that Cai Shaochu, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, was getting closer and closer, Bunet was helpless.

That was the strength!

Thirty seconds later, Bunet vomited blood again after being hit by Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula. He was already seriously injured. He would be killed on the spot if it came a few more times. Suddenly, a few figures appeared in front of Bunet.

It was Kaedo!

It was Officiant Kaedo!

“Save me!” Bunet roared.

If it were anyone else, Bunet would only feel despair. However, Officiant Kaedo was really different. Officiant Kaedo was an existence who could defeat him previously. In the next moment, the surrounding temperature plummeted. An endless snowstorm suddenly spread out.

Hope appeared in Bunet’s eyes.

However, when hope appeared, he was hit by the Suppression Formula again. He spat out blood on the spot and almost fainted.

“Quick, save Lord Bunet!”

Amidst Officiant Kaedo’s furious roar, Bunet felt as if his head had been hit by a hammer and he had fainted. Even though he was unconscious, he still had hope.

However, he did not know that while Xu Tui was dragging him and pretending to fight Cai Shaochu, he was deducing the script with Cai Shaochu as he fought.

The next script had to be reasonable. It had to make sense. Only then could he obtain the trust of the Muyas. That was because Xu Tui had to bring Bunet back to the Ceres Star. Only by returning to the Muyas would his identity be useful.

At the same time, in the cosmic tunnel, Itavi and Raymont frowned as they tracked the trail.

“There are two waves of traces. What should we do?” Itavi asked. “Why don’t we each take one direction?” Raymont suggested..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1