Chapter 1419 - 1419: A True Word And Breaking The Restriction (2)

Chapter 1419: A True Word and Breaking the Restriction (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Not to mention anything else, Shang Long was definitely the number one person in Huaxia or even the number one expert on the Blue Star. He had even wandered the Milky Way for so many years. His knowledge was not something ordinary people could compare to.

“Tell me your thoughts on the force field first.” Shang Long was not in a hurry to express his opinion.

“Principal Cai said that the main planet force field of a Planetary realm powerhouse is unique. The powerful main planet force field can greatly strengthen the supernatural power of the main planet.

“I’ve referenced the 300-odd force fields summarized by the Blue Star, but none of them are suitable. They don’t have the enhancement of supernatural beings. I don’t know where to start,” Xu Tui said.

“Oh? I roughly understand what you’re thinking.” After a few seconds of silence, Shang Long slowly said, “Have you thought of another problem? The main planet is different, and the characteristics of the force field should be different.’

Xu Tui froze. He seemed to have thought of something, but it was a little blurry.

“The main planets of the others that Shaochu mentioned are almost all main planets forged with genetic ability chains. They have supernatural abilities to begin with, so their main planet force field can naturally greatly increase their supernatural power. This was determined by the characteristics of their main planet.

“And your main planet is a mind power main planet that had almost no mind power previously. Then what do you think the force field characteristics of your mind power main planet are?” Shang Long said.

Xu Tui fell into deep thought again when he heard that. What should the force field characteristics of his mind power main planet be? There was a flash of inspiration in his mind, but he could not be specific. “Mr. Shang, what do you think?”

“What do I think? I don’t have an accurate answer for you. However, there’s one thing I’m very sure of. Mind power is the foundation of all supernatural beings. Its characteristics were definitely not limited to a certain ability.

“I have to remind you that since your mind power main planet is unique and unparalleled, it is completely different from the attributes of all the other Planetary realm main planets. Then why did you use the main planet force field of your predecessors as a reference? This should be meaningless.”

Shang Long’s words stunned Xu Tui again. That’s right. This was meaningless. Then what should his main planet force field be like? “Mr. Shang, I’m suddenly confused!” Xu Tui had a bitter expression in the Water Origin Palace. The previous directions were all wrong. Then where exactly was the direction of his breakthrough to the Planetary realm?

“Lost? I don’t think so. I think you might have just complicated a simple question.”

“Did I complicate a simple question?”

“I’ll give you a few words.” “Please speak, Mr. Shang.” “The Great Dao is the simplest.”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Remember, a force field is only a force field! The Great Dao is the simplest!” After saying that, Shang Long took the initiative to end the call. Xu Tui stayed in the room of the Water origin Palace.

Shang Long’s words kept echoing in Xu Tui’s mind. Simple questions were complicated, force fields, and the simplicity of the Great Dao.

The Great Dao was the simplest.

Suddenly, an idea appeared in his mind. The moment the idea appeared, Xu Tui’s aura immediately fluctuated. The six star halos of the main planet of mind power suddenly fluctuated and intertwined. Boundless mind power fluctuations instantly showed signs of dissipating.

Meow!

With a soft cry, Little Six instantly turned into a blue light and jumped onto Xu Tui’s forehead. His ice-cold body instantly turned into ice water that flowed along Xu Tui’s neck and toward his back.

Xu Tui instantly shivered when the ice water touched his skin. He woke up.

Little Six’s warning sounded in his mind. “This is the Water Origin Palace. When you break through, the aura of the Blue Star human will be displayed to them in an extremely intuitive manner.”

Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He shuddered. He had only thought it through just now and almost broke through. If he broke through, he would probably be completely exposed.

Being exposed meant death.

If he was discovered by Dylin, Xiliude, and the others when he broke through, Xu Tui would have no chance of escaping.

“Fortunately!” Xu Tui secretly rejoiced. His back felt indescribably uncomfortable. The combination of the ice water and his cold sweat was like a poisonous snake crawling on his back. It was cold. He only came back to his senses after he condensed a new ice body for Little Six.

Shang Long’s words suddenly made him understand. It was just a force field! Why did he have to pursue a main planet force field that had an enhancement effect like others? The main planet of mind power was different.

The Great Dao was the simplest.

It would be too simple if it was just to break through and the simplest force field to restrain other supernatural stars. There were too many ready-made imitation force fields, such as the gravitational field, the earth magnetic field, and so on.

However, if these ready-made force fields were used by other Planetary realm powerhouses, it would be extremely difficult to imitate them.

The power of their supernatural main planet was more complicated and had different characteristics.

However, Xu Tui’s main planet of mind power was very suitable. Pure and single power was extremely suitable for forming such a single force field.

Xu Tui had only thought of this just now. He activated his mind power and showed signs of condensing a force field.

Fortunately, Little Six was alert. However, after today, as long as Xu Tui was willing and the time was right, he could condense the simplest force field at any time and try to break through to the Planetary realm.

Although he might not be able to break through 100%, the biggest problem of stopping Xu Tui from breaking through had been resolved.

Of course, the right time was very important.

There was another problem. Heavenly tribulation. Would there be a heavenly tribulation if Xu Tui broke through? After all, Xu Tui also cultivated the power of the School of General Senses. At this point, he suddenly understood the matter of his breakthrough.

Shang Long opened Xu Tui’s fog with a few simple words. This was probably a true saying. However, sometimes, such a layer of paper was extremely difficult to break.

August 24, 2140, afternoon.

In the sky above Ceres Star, the 15 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan were attacking the vortex stargate in the sky from afar.

Under the long-range attacks, the lightning from the stargate seal continuously surged out. It even took the opportunity to blast out, causing these Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan to hurriedly dodge.

Fortunately, they were well-prepared and were quite far away. So there were no casualties.

Suddenly, the vortex stargate in the sky flashed. The dozen or so energy beams unique to the Great Xi Clan suddenly disappeared.

The leader, Gu Ji, was stunned. He casually blasted out another energy beam.

The energy rays blasted into the vortex of the stargate again and disappeared.

“It’s done! The seal of this stargate has been broken.” Gu Ji’s mechanical voice sounded.

Almost 30 seconds later, a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses surged out of the Water Origin Palace, the Wood Origin Palace, and the Fire Origin Palace.

The Muya Bishop, Xiliude, the Spiritual Race’s Shui Zhi, Chi Jing, and the Blue Star 1–luman Race’s Shang Long all appeared in the void.

“That’s right. The Stargate seal has been broken. It’s finally done!” Bishop Xiliude clapped and smiled. “Everyone, since the Stargate seal has been broken, you can enter. In that case, according to our previous agreement, the various families will enter this small universe in batches to explore.

“What they can gain after entering and whether they can return alive will depend on their abilities. How about that?”

“Of course, this is our previous agreement,” the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, said.

“Of course.” Shang Long’s words were very brief. However, as he spoke, Shang Long swept his gaze past Kaedo, who was Xu Tui. However, his gaze did not stop. He only glanced at it.

Xu Tui also noticed this gaze, but he did not respond.

“Wait, we’ve been attacking for half a day and consumed a lot of energy! If we want to enter the exploration, you have to wait for us to recover. We’ll start entering three hours later. This is our previous agreement.” Gu Ji of the Great Xi Clan was a little anxious. Today, it was the Planetary realm attack of his subordinates. It consumed a lot of energy.

Xiliude and Shui Zhi did not say anything, but Shang Long immediately supported him. “Of course, this is also an agreement. They have to be given time to recover.”

Gu Ji heaved a sigh of relief when Shang Long expressed his support. This ally was alright. Xiliude could only say, “Alright, then in three hours, the various families will take turns to send people in..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1