Chapter 1416 - 1416: Cooperation Conditions And Scheme

Chapter 1416 - 1416: Cooperation Conditions and Scheme

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The sword light passed through the dense holy light that enveloped Bishop Xiliude’s body. The moment he saw this scene, Xu Tui, who was slowly pressing toward the Blue Star humans in the direction of the Wood Origin Palace, almost cheered.

This was too awesome!

If he killed Bishop Xiliude with one strike, the morale of the Muya army would fall to a low point. The three teams would even fight for themselves on the spot. As the officiant of the temple, he could obtain greater power. He could do even more.

When he saw this scene, Bunet screamed at the top of his lungs in fear. “No!” His howls were filled with sorrow and fear.

Dylin and Neff, who were besieging Shang Long, were also shocked. If Bishop Xiliude was killed by Shang Long with a single strike under their noses, then they…

And Bunet’s howl made all the Muyas look extremely terrified.

The collapse of morale was right in front of him. After all, in their eyes, Bishop Xiliude, who had come with the army, was the spokesperson of the Lord. If he died…

It was also at this moment that a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token suddenly fell out of the holy light that was pierced through. The moment the holy token fell out, it shattered on the spot.

Far away, the holy light suddenly exploded. Bishop Xiliude fell out of the holy light in a sorry state. The moment he fell out, the sunlight landed on his body and his entire body trembled. It was a little better after he raised the curtain of holy light.

Seeing that Bishop Xiliude was fine, Dylin, Neff, and Bunet heaved a sigh of relief. Then, Dylin and Neff roared angrily and began to attack Shang Long crazily. If Xiliude had been killed just now, their future would be over. Unless they obtained unprecedented battle merits.

Neff gave up on using his aura to lock onto Cai Shaochu. Instead, he quickly flashed to the side of Bishop Xiliude and became fully alert to protect him.

Xu Tui sighed inwardly. He felt a little regretful.

Shang Long also sighed to himself. The Bishop of the Muya was as difficult to kill as ever.

Fortunately, with the addition of Gu Ji and Erera’s crazy attacks, even if two more Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts from the Spiritual Race came, the pressure on Shang Long would be greatly reduced.

However, in terms of total quantity, the Spiritual Race and the Muyas still had a huge advantage. Yet, neither the Muyas nor the other Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race launched a large-scale attack. Clearly, they were afraid of the Great Xi army that had yet to appear.

Just as Xu Tui was wondering where the Great Xi army would appear from, Cai Shaochu’s assistant, Fang You, suddenly returned to the Wood Origin Palace with a large number of Planetary realm experts.

In less than 30 seconds, more than 30 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan rushed out of the Wood Origin Palace. In an instant, the expressions of Bishop Xiliude and the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, turned ugly.

There was no advantage in this situation.

“Gu Ji, are you really determined to cooperate with the Blue Star?” The main elder, Shui Zhi, shouted angrily.

Gu Ji sneered as he fought Shui Zhi. “Actually, I’ve given you a chance. However, Mr. Shang reminded me.”

“What chance?”

“Before that, you only allowed us to enter the Fire Origin Palace. Under Mr. Shang’s reminder, I suggested that the three of us work together to help me take down the Earth Origin Palace and let us enter. The price is that we can split less when we split the solar system in the future. However, both of you rejected it immediately. Tell me, who should I choose!” Gu Ji said.

Hearing this, Shui Zhi sneered. “Do you think the Blue Star can give you a palace to settle down in?”

“Of course, this is the condition for cooperation!” Gu Ji smiled, Shui Zhi was stunned. The condition for the cooperation between the Blue Star and the Great Xi Clan was to use a palace as a base for the Great Xi Clan?

Gu Ji’s words were clear and loud. Everyone heard him.

Cai Shaochu was fine. Currently, the expression of the Lord of the Earth Origin Palace, Ullr, suddenly became gloomy. It seemed that the only thing he could give up was the Earth Origin Palace.

However, no one mentioned this at this moment.

As the elites of the Great Xi Clan arrived, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star and the Great Xi Clan began to split into two groups to pressure the Muyas and the Spiritual Race.

However, this slow advancement made the Planetary realm powerhouses from all directions restrain themselves. At this moment, the people fighting were only the top powerhouses from all directions.

Among the top experts who were fighting, they were temporarily evenly matched.

Actually, Shang Long still had some advantages. Shang Long’s sword light was extremely sharp. In this short battle, the people surrounding him were severely injured.

On the side of the Muya Clan, they were continuously being treated by Bishop Xiliude. Dylin and Neffs injuries were not serious, but on the side of the Spiritual Race, they were a little serious.

During the battle, Chi Jing had already been pierced through by a sword. He was an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and a fire-element supernatural being. Although his physical injuries were serious, he did not lose much combat strength.

This scene made Bishop Xiliude and the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, a little anxious. Their families were very powerful, but both families had a fatal flaw. They would not be able to obtain the support of their mother planet for the time being.

It was mainly because of the limitations of the solar system’s high-temperature fire wall. However, there might be a way to solve this problem in the small universe. Therefore, they were very unwilling to see a bloody battle at this moment.

Xiliude only discussed it with Shui Zhi for a while before coming to a decision. “Shang Long, Brother Shui Zhi, Gu Ji, why don’t the four of us fight to the death here today? Let’s see which family would have the last laugh and who would survive. Or, if the four of us use up all our strength here, the other forces of the Blue Star Humans will come over and pick up the results of the victory!”

The others did not think much of Bishop Xiliude’s words, but the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, was reminded. It was fine to cooperate with the Blue Star humans, but he could not let the Blue Star humans benefit.

In the end, the elites of the Great Xi Clan were all gone, but the humans of the Blue Star were the ones who benefited. After all, there were many humans on the Blue Star in the solar system.

“If you don’t care about the small universe in front of you, it’s not impossible for us to have a final battle!” Gu Ji took the initiative to express his stance, but there was a hidden meaning in his words.

Hearing this, Bishop Xiliude understood. He knew that although the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Ji was working with the Blue Star humans, he understood what he meant.

“Everyone, in that case, why don’t you rest? The vortex stargate in the small universe in front of you has already become realistic. Why don’t we break through the seal and see what’s inside? It’s much more interesting than the few of you fighting to the death here, right?” Bishop Xiliude suggested.

“I think that’s a good idea. I’m very interested in this small universe!” The executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, chuckled and took the initiative to fly out of the battle circle. He st0DDed attacking the main elder of the SDiritual Race.

Shui Zhi.

However, he knew his limits and did not betray the alliance on the spot.

Although he had stopped attacking Shui Zhi, his aura and power still restrained Shui Zhi, preventing him from attacking Shang Long.

However, the meaning was clear as day.

Shang Long turned around and looked coldly at Gu Ji, the executive of the Great Xi Clan. He retracted his sword light slightly and had the intention of retreating.

Seeing this, Chi Jing, who had received Shui Zhi’s signal, slowly parted ways with the other Planetary realm powerhouse, as well as Dylin and Neff.

Both sides stopped for the time being.

After panting, Erera, who was already injured, rushed to Shang Long’s side.

“Are you all right?”

Shang Long shook his head gently.

Erera wiped her sweat, pointed at the Muyas and the Spiritual Race, and cursed, “These people are too sinister and cunning. Why didn’t they take advantage of the situation to have a final battle today? Let’s fight them to the death!”

Shang Long smiled bitterly. His gaze shifted from Erera’s chest to the vortex stargate in the sky. “I’m also very interested in this small universe!”

There was something that Shang Long did not say. The truth was—a bloodbath!

The current strength of the Blue Star was actually not bad. With him as the vanguard, it was possible to use the power of the Great Xi Clan to have a final battle. However, it could only be a bloody battle. It was hard to say how many people would be left on the Blue Star after the battle.

Most importantly, the Great Xi Clan was not reliable. The reason why he had stopped the Great Xi Clan and worked with them as temporary allies in advance was also for now. It was just to find a temporary balance and obtain what the Blue Star lacked the most!

What did the Blue Star lack the most?

Time!

Currently, what the Blue Star lacked the most was time. The more time they bought, the more experts the Blue Star would grow. This was the solar system, the base camp of the Blue Star. As for this small universe, it also belonged to the solar system, or even to the humans of the Blue Star.

Shang Long did not know what was inside, but from this point of view, there might be a power in this small universe that could help the Blue Star.

He would only know after he tried!

Seeing that the top experts from all directions had stopped, Bishop Xiliude heaved a sigh of relief. His state was really not suitable for a bloody battle.

And the most important thing was this small universe. If this small universe was really the small universe of order recorded in the ancient books of the Muya Clan, it might really have something that could help the Muyas.

Perhaps, after opening this small universe, they would be able to quickly strengthen the Muyas. The Blue Star humans should not know this.

This was Bishop Xiliude’s little plan.

“Hehe, it looks like all of you are sensible people! In that case, why don’t we join forces to break the seal of this small universe and enter and explore together?” Xiliude suggested.

“Sure!” Gu Ji was the first to agree.

“Of course. However, after breaking the seal of the small universe, there has to be an explanation for how the members of the four families enter, right? Or, at that time, will the four of us have another bloody battle?” The main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, said.

“We can actually discuss a strategy now and see how many people each family sends in! Or, if we really have to fight to the death, let the experts of the various families go to the small universe.” Xiliude looked at Shang Long. “Mr.

Shang, what do you think?”

“Sure,” snang Long agreed readily.

“Then we…

Xiliude was about to say something when he was interrupted by Gu Ji. “Wait, before we discuss this, I have to ask Mr.. Shang for something!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1