Chapter 1412 - 1412: The Wisest Decision And Sword Light

Chapter 1412: The Wisest Decision and Sword Light

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The vortex stargate of the Small Universe of Order above Ceres Star became

clearer every day. It was getting closer and closer to the time when Bishop Xiliude said that it was completely realistic.

Xu Tui became more and more anxious.

Firstly, he knew a further plan of action from the Muyas. According to Bishop Xiliude, it was very strenuous to break the restrictions with just one family.

Bishop Xiliude’s current plan was for the few families to work together to break the restriction and break the seal of the Stargate of the Small Universe of Order before entering.

That was the problem. How would they cooperate? How should they cooperate? It was much better to split a piece of meat with two people than three people, right? In that case, it was very likely that the current Muyas would cooperate with the Spiritual Race and work together to kick the Blue Star out.

That’s right, they were not working together to break the restriction and enter the Small Universe of Order. Instead, after the two families worked together, they would first kick the Blue Star out.

Was that possible?

The possibility was very high!

If the Blue Star also wanted to snatch this Small Universe of Order or explore it, the Spiritual Race would work with the Muyas to destroy the Blue Star’s power first. Such a choice was beneficial without any harm.

If the Spiritual Race and the Muyas cooperate, their strength against the Blue Star could be said to be overwhelming.

Over the past few days, Cai Shaochu, Haren, and the others had also thought of this and were very anxious. This kind of scheme was a little similar to an open scheme. If the Muyas really did that, what could the Blue Star do?

If the Muyas cooperated with the Spiritual Race after the Small Universe of Order became realistic, there were only two possibilities that the Blue Star humans could do. The first was to gather all the elites and fight the alien species to the death. The second was to lie flat.

In order to avoid losses, they would defend the two palaces to the death and let the Muya and the Spiritual Race explore and occupy the Small Universe of Order that belonged to the solar system and the Blue Star.

However, if they did that, they would fall into a vicious cycle. The Muyas and the Spiritual Race would become stronger and stronger.

After lying flat, the Blue Star would not be far from extinction.

Even though Cai Shaochu was very anxious, he did not want to obtain accurate information from Xu Tui out of considera tion for his safety. After all, Xu Tui’s current situation was extremely dangerous.

Xu Tui knew this too. It was also because of this that he desperately wanted to break through to the Planetary realm.

Why would he think that? That was because Xu Tui could tell that Bishop Xiliude thought very highly of him.

Although Xu Tui had displayed his combat strength to withstand Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, there were too many environmental and tactical factors. His weakness was that he had not broken through to the Planetary realm.

Therefore, even though Xiliude thought highly of Xu Tui, he would not arrange or look for Xu Tui for the most important decision-making meeting or the most important plan.

The strength was there. No matter what, no matter how outstanding Xu Tui’s tactics and combat abilities were, he was still a quasi-planet. If he could not be arranged into a battle plan, Xu Tui would not be able to know about the Muyas’ battle plan.

Xu Tui had considered his safety as well. If he could trick the Muyas once or twice more, he could escape and take the initiative to be exposed. However, the more he wanted to break through to the Planetary realm, the harder it was to break through.

He thought about how to use his mind power force field every day, but he had no idea.

Xu Tui actually had a treasure that could assist him in breaking through to the

Planetarv realm. He had obtained them all from the Muvas. It was the sacred

blood and Blood of Radiance.

Xu Tui should not be able to do it with the Sacred Blood. The Sacred Blood was the essence of blood in the bodies of a certain expert of the Muyas. It could be understood as a powerful Genetic Potion. The Officiant of the Muyas would definitely not use the sacred blood to break through.

The Blood of Radiance could increase the possibility of breaking through to the

Planetary realm. However, at the moment, Xu Tui knew nothing about the Blood of Radiance. The effects of the Blood of Radiance that Xu Tui understood were all from the experience of the employees of the Muya Holy Temple.

However, the problem was that Xu Tui was not a Muya. He was a human from the Blue Star.

At this moment, Xu Tui felt that more haste less speed.

However, Xu Tui did not stay idle. He did a test on the five bottles of Sacred Blood in his hand. Belas actually matched the characteristics of one of the bottles of Sacred Blood and rewarded it to him.

Then, he gave Derry two grams of Blood of Radiance. In addition, he secretly gave Gabe two grams of the Blood of Radiance. Although it was very likely that Xu Tui had snatched it from Gabe’s inventory previously, Xu Tui had given it to him as a gift.

As for Xu Tui himself, he could only continuously cultivate other genetic ability chains without being able to break through to the Planetary realm. Of course, he would definitely spend time every day strengthening and cultivating his main mind power planet.

This was a must.

However, Xu Tui’s ability had reached its peak after his genetic chain was strengthened to the peak of Level 3 gold. His cultivation could not be improved anymore.

For example, the mental whip, the Mountain Formula, and the Stab Formula. It was obvious that these genetic ability chains needed to condense a star if they wanted to improve again.

For example, the Vajra Tide Force Field had already been cultivated to the perfection of the internal circulation. The sixth level of the Vajra Set was the limit.

However, it could no longer be improved.

If not for the bottomless pit of the Major Heavenly Cycle genetic ability chain of the energy field and the newly cultivated Blizzard genetic ability chain, Xu Tui would not have been able to improve his strength.

Of course, there were also other gains.

For example, Xu Tui realized that his water-type supernatural ability had an astonishing cultivation effect when he cultivated it in the Water Origin Palace. Moreover, the effect was even better when he comprehended it.

Currently, Xu Tui’s use of supernatural abilities related to water and ice has improved. He had also comprehended a few tricks. In time, his attainments in water and ice supernatural abilities would not be inferior to earth-element supernatural abilities.

Similarly, this characteristic was verified in the Wood Origin Palace.

Mu Xingluan’s cultivation had improved at lightning speed in the Wood Origin Palace. She had already broken through to the quasi-planetary realm.

For this reason, Old Cai specially sent Miao Huanshan and a few earth-element supernatural beings to the Earth Origin Palace. It could be considered an exchange of cultivation resources for both sides.

According to Cai Shaochu’s observations, Miao Huanshan, who was cultivating in the Earth Origin Palace, would break through to the quasi-planetary realm in a few days.

However, Xu Tui was still worried.

More than ten days later, when the Small Universe of Order in front of him became completely realistic, a huge change might begin. Most importantly, he knew none of the information regarding the Spiritual Race.

The unknown was the scariest.

He could only try his best to deduce it, but the more he deduced, the more terrifying it became.

On the 3rd of August, there were still six to seven days before the Small Universe of Order was completely materialized. Xu Tui, who could not hold back, took advantage of the time when Derry had broken through to the

Planetary realm to stroll to the commander of the 5th Combat Brigade, Benet.

“Lord Bunet, you know that my attendant had just broken through to the Planetary realm. But he had just broken through. His strength is limited. Moreover, I do need powerful protection. When I participate in the battle another day, I hope that the Planetary realm attendant under me can still protect me. Sir, you understand. I can only be at ease if the trusted person is behind me,” Xu Tui said.

After saying that, Xu Tui added, “Of course, if there are any battle orders, Sir, just give them. I will definitely carry them out.”

“Dear Kaedo, I would have done the same even if you didn’t say it! Your safety is the most important! Besides, just as you said, I can only be at ease if the trusted person is behind me! Similarly, I can only fight without worry if you stand behind me.” Bunet was grateful again.

Xu Tui naturally let nature take its course and exchanged a few pleasantries. During the pleasantries, he naturally talked about battle.

“Lord Bunet, I think that we should come up with detailed tactics in advance on how to fight the Blue Star humans. This way, our chances of winning and surviving would increase greatly. You’ve also seen it before. The combat strength of the Blue Star humans is actually very powerful. You can’t underestimate them,” Xu Tui reminded him kindly.

Bunet happily accepted it. He patted Xu Tui’s shoulder and said naturally, “Kaedo, you’re actually too nervous! The Blue Star humans had indeed severely injured us last time and displayed astonishing strength. But to be honest, they can’t escape this time. They have no choice but to be crushed.”

Xu Tui shook his head and scoffed. “Lord Bunet, if you still have such thoughts, I think that the possibility of failure in the future battle is too high. Didn’t our expeditionary army have the same thought when we set off from Planet Meria? But what about now? We were severely injured by the Blue Star humans continuously. Have you forgotten how we escaped death previously? I think it’s better to be more cautious.” Xu Tui looked like he was on the side of the Muyas.

A look of horror appeared on Bunet’s face before it was mentioned, but it dissipated immediately. Instead, he said softly, “Kaedo, I understand your worries. However, you have to know that the combat power this time is different.”

“What can be different! I can roughly tell that we are definitely going to cooperate with the Spiritual Race and wait for the materialization of the vortex stargate of this Small Universe of Order to attack the Blue Star humans together. However, the power of the Spiritual Race was not as strong as we had imagined. There were only 11 or 12 Planetary realm experts. We must not pin our hopes on them,” Xu Tui said.

Bunet nodded. He did not notice that Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had already begun to act up silently. Last time, when he was unconscious, Xu Tui’s mind power had entered and left Bunet’s mind several times and tampered with it.

Although he did not leave a mental mark on Bunet, he had grasped the basic frequency of Bunet’s mental body and left behind a mental mark. It could silently resonate with Bunet’s mind and deepen his trust and gratitude for Xu Tui.

“Dear Kaedo, thank you for your reminder. Your idea is right, but the power of the Spiritual Race is different. The reinforcements of the Spiritual Race have already arrived,” Bunet said.

“The Spiritual Race’s reinforcements are here. How many are there?” Xu Tui frowned.

“I don’t know either, but there are definitely many of them. Moreover, the Spiritual Race won’t be the only ones.”

“Could it be that the Great Xi Clan is also here?” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows. Then, he laughed. “That’s a good thing. In that case, the pressure on us will be much less. However, if we really enter the Small Universe of Order, we will definitely be on guard against the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race,” Xu Tui said.

“My dear Kaedo, you’re too wise. My decision to choose you to join my team and appoint you as the vice-captain of the fifth combat brigade was really the wisest decision I’ve made in my life.” Bunet smiled.

Xu Tui said a few more words before leaving. However, when he stepped out of Bunet’s room, his heart seemed to have fallen into an icehouse.

It’s difficult! This battle with the other races had just improved and achieved a great victory. But now, the reinforcements from other races arrived one after another. Not only did the Spiritual Race send reinforcements, but even the Great Xi Clan had come.

How could the Blue Star deal with it?

Just as Xu Tui was feeling extremely worried, an unknown cosmic tunnel node suddenly flashed with a large number of streamlined Great Xi people with metallic bodies. There were hundreds of them.

Moreover, the leader’s aura was exceptionally powerful.

“Let’s go to Ceres Star. We should be able to make it in time!” The leading Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, waved his hand and gave the order to set off.

However, the moment the order was given, a sword light suddenly enlarged infinitely in Gu Ji’s eyes..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1