Chapter 1415 - 1415: Appearance And Agreement

Chapter 1415 - 1415: Appearance and Agreement

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On Ceres Star, the expressions of all the spectators, no matter which side they were on, kept changing at this moment.

Including Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression became inexplicably shocked the moment the sword light appeared. This sword light seemed a little familiar. He had never seen it before, but there were many teaching videos inside the Genetic Miracle. Ji Qianli’s sword light was very similar to this.

However, on second thought, it was impossible. Mr. Ji Qianli’s public information was that he was a quasi-planetary. He had left the moon to pursue his teacher, Shang Long, for a year or two.

Even if he broke through, he would only be a One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. It was definitely impossible for him to threaten the

Spiritual Race’s elder, Chi Jing. It was even more impossible for the Spiritual Race’s elder, Chi Jing, to shout for help under his full-powered counterattack.

Chi Jing was an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Suddenly, a name appeared in Xu Tui’s mind—Shang Long.

Mr. Shang was back!

He turned around and saw Cai Shaochu in the distance. He also had a surprised expression. Clearly, he did not know about Shang Long’s return. However, in just an instant, Xu Tui’s attention returned to the battlefield.

“Elder, save me!”

The information contained in the words that Chi Jing shouted was too great.

Chi Jing was an elder of the Spiritual Race and an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Although he had good offenses and weak defenses, his strength and status were there.

Nine Satellites!

This judgment suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. In an instant, he broke out in a sweat for his grandmaster, Shang Long.

An ice light suddenly appeared above Chi Jing’s head. The ice light was not big. It was only the size of a palm, but it accurately met the slashing sword light and met the top of the sword light. The terrifying sword light was instantly blocked by a spot of ice light.

Chi Jing retreated in a panic.

A cold snort suddenly came from the void. The huge sword light instantly dissipated. The other sword light seemed to have appeared from the sky and quickly blasted down. The ice light met the sword light again.

As this sword slashed down, the ice light shattered inch by inch. After shattering the ice light, the sword light chased after the retreating Chi Jing again. It had the intention of not stopping until it killed Chi Jing.

A blue light suddenly appeared in front of the sword light. The blue light suddenly exploded, and the sword light and the blue light exploded at the same time. A slightly hunched figure appeared in the blue light. “Shang Long, it’s not good for you to bully a junior here, right?”

“Junior? In reality, I’m the junior!” At the same time that Shang Long’s voice sounded, sword light rose again.

However, the moment this voice sounded, the hunched figure surrounded by the blue light of the ice suddenly waved his sleeve. The sky on his left instantly turned into an ice crystal world. “Hmph, I found you!”

In the Ice Crystal World, sword light suddenly exploded. A figure stepped on a flying sword, causing the Ice Crystal World to beep as he descended from the sky.

Bishop Xiliude’s gaze shifted. He waved his scepter gently and said, “Dylin, go!”

Dylin flapped the wings on his back and instantly turned into a stream of light that charged towards Shang Long, who had just appeared. At the same time, holy light surged out of his body. Dylin’s aura instantly soared from the Seven Satellites Planetary realm to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm!

Bishop Xiliude waved his scepter continuously. Layers of holy light with different fluctuations covered Dylin’s body. Dylin’s aura increased again.

The other Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Neff, also charged towards Shang Long.

During the process of rushing out, holy light kept gushing out. A substantial ripple spread out from Bishop Xiliude’s scepter and landed on Neffs body.

Neff’s aura instantly soared to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm after he stacked the holy power he had activated and the enhancement of Bishop Xiliude.

Bunet’s aura instantly soared to the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

However, Bunet brought the other Planetary realm powerhouses and looked at Cai Shaochu and the others in the direction of the Wood Origin Palace.

The other officiants of the Muya Clan also began to continuously support the Planetary realm powerhouses. The strength of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya Clan were constantly rising.

In an instant, the auras of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya Clan increased greatly. Many of them had increased by a level.

Bunet slowly led his men to hold back the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Wood Origin Palace. Dylin and Neff attacked Shang Long at the same time.

They were not the only ones. Chi Jing, who had just retreated, also turned around and charged towards Shang Long.

A large number of figures surged out of the Fire Origin Palace. At least 30 Planetary realm powerhouses moved at the same time and pressed towards the Blue Star powerhouses of the Earth Origin Palace.

The final battle was about to begin.

The Blue Star experts saw that Shang Long had appeared. They could neither fight nor retreat. They could only charge forward.

Shang Long, who had surprised the Blue Star experts previously, also fell into a predicament. It could even be said to be a desperate situation.

Dylin, Neff, and Chi Jing surrounded him. No, it should include Xiliude and the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi. One was the Seven Satellites, and the other was the Nine Satellites!

Xu Tui finally sensed Shang Long’s aura.

Eight Satellites! His teacher, Shang Long, was only an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

In the direction of the Earth Origin Palace, Erera let out a delicate shout. Her eyes were red as a red ray swept out and she charged towards the battle in the sky without regard for anything else.

Shang Long was in a desperate situation, but he was very calm. His sword light was good at offense. Two more sword lights appeared behind him. These two sword lights circled around to block all the attacks, but the other sword light slashed towards Neff.

Neff, who had temporarily advanced to the Planetary realm with the help of his holy power, If Shang Long wanted to kill Neff, he had to kill the weakest first to reduce the pressure.

However, Xiliude and Shui Zhi, who were at the back, were the most cunning support in the world. They attacked from afar and continuously resolved Shang Long’s fatal attacks to block the sword for Neff.

In an instant, even someone as strong as Shang Long fell into a dangerous situation.

Cai Shaochu’s expression changed. He was no longer as calm as before. This situation was completely beyond his expectations. He did not expect Shang Long to be in danger the moment he returned.

Xu Tui was also extremely anxious. However, no matter how anxious he was, he was useless. At this moment, Shang Long’s clear voice suddenly sounded. “If you don’t take action now, the agreement will be invalid!”

“Hahahaha!” An ear-piercing mechanical laugh resounded through the sky.

“Mr. Shang, I just want to see your glory! I want to see if you can block the

100,000 soldiers with one strike here! You seem to be in a sorry state!”

Amidst his laughter, Gu Ji’s huge figure appeared. As soon as he appeared, energy beams blasted towards the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, behind him.

Shui Zhi’s expression changed drastically, but he could only give up on Shang Long and deal with the attacks. “What do you mean, Gu Ji?” Shui Zhi shouted angrily. “Are you turning against us?”

“Turn on you?” As Gu Ji attacked Shui Zhi, he laughed. “I’m not your subordinate. There’s no need to talk about turning against you! It’s just that the humans of the Blue Star gave me more benefits, so I plan to find an ally!”

“You idiot!” Bishop Xiliude cursed, “The three of us will destroy the Blue Star humans and split the solar system. Aren’t you courting death by working with the Blue Star humans?”

“Hmph, I suggested that your two families cooperate with us to help us take down the Earth Origin Palace first and give us a place to stay. But none of you are willing! Then tell me, how can I believe that you will really split the solar system with us?” Gu Ji sneered, but his attacks were even more anxious!

Even though Shui Zhi was the main elder, he could only use his full strength to deal with the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji.

Without the attack of Shui Zhi, the pressure on Shang Long suddenly decreased. In the next moment, Shang Long’s sword light instantly slashed towards Bishop Xiliude like a meteor.

The sword light was illusory!

The sword passed through the holy light of Bishop Xiliude..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1