Chapter 1414 - 1414: Elder, Save Me

Chapter 1414 - 1414: Elder, Save Me

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 10th of August, Xu Tui narrowed his eyes slightly at the entrance of the Water Origin Palace. He observed the small cosmic vortex stargate in the sky.

Compared to seven days ago, this vortex stargate was almost completely realistic. The huge vortex fused with the entire sky. As the stargate slowly spun, wisps of Origin Energy were faintly emitted. This meant that the concentration of energy in this small universe was higher than that of Ceres.

According to what Bishop Xiliude said, it was very convenient to determine if the vortex stargate in this small universe of order had completely become realistic. When the energy dissipating from the vortex stargate spun in a linear manner, it continuously overflowed, indicating that the vortex stargate had completely become realistic.

“Sir, it should be in the next day or two,” Derry, who was behind Xu Tui, said.

Xu Tui waved his hand and silently brought Derry and Belas back to the Water Origin Palace. He felt a little frustrated. It was impossible for one to break through to the Planetary realm within seven days. And indeed, Xu Tui did not break through.

However, the guys under Xu Tui had all broken through.

Derry and Belas had both broken through to the One Satellite Planetary realm. Derry’s strength had increased by leaps and bounds the moment he broke through because he had been a quasi-planetary for a long time.

After his strength stabilized a little, it was only a matter of time before he broke through to Two Satellites.

Also, Gabe had broken through. This fellow had a drop of the Blood of Radiance. Coupled with the two drops that Xu Tui had given him, he successfully broke through to the Planetary realm with the help of it. His combat strength had increased greatly.

After all, his previous mind power was equivalent to a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

All three of them had broken through, although they had used external objects. Yet Xu Tui still had no way of breaking through. He was very depressed. What made Xu Tui even more depressed was that the Blue Star had yet to come up with a completely feasible plan.

Seven days ago, Xu Tui told Cai Shaochu about how the Muyas and the Spiritual Race might join forces and how they might join forces to kill the humans who were attacking the Blue Star after the vortex stargate in the small universe became reality.

This included the information that the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements might have already arrived.

However, Xu Tui had contacted Cai Shaochu three times in the past seven days, but the Blue Star did not have a plan.

Firstly, the information was unclear. It was hard to say how many reinforcements the Spiritual Race had.

The second was strength. The current strength of the Blue Star was just that strong, and the situation of Ceres Star was already obvious. There was too little space for the Blue Star to plan. Of course, although the Blue Star did not have a decisive plan, they had still made many plans for various situations.

Including the worst-case scenario.

After returning to his room, Xu Tui contacted Cai Shaochu again. However, Cai Shaochu’s reply was a little stern.

“The battle is imminent. Don’t contact me anymore. From now on, remember your mission. In the following battle, no matter how much damage or disadvantage the Blue Star suffered, don’t interfere, much less expose yourself.

“If there was really a situation where a large number of reinforcements from the Spiritual Race came and joined forces with the Muyas, the Blue Star’s defeat would be unavoidable. There might even be a situation where no one on the Blue Star can enter this small universe.

“I hope that you can enter this small universe as a Muya and explore it while ensuring your safety. You don’t have to cause trouble. You just have to understand first-hand information about this small universe. So far, the Blue Star knew nothing about the small universe. Whether it was the competition for the next small universe or the future counterattack, they needed such information.

“Do you understand?” Cai Shaochu sent a long message in Morse code.

“Understood! Safety first!”

After the exchange ended, Xu Tui took a deep breath. He had not finished exhaling when a commotion suddenly sounded outside. In less than 30 seconds, the personal holy token hanging on Xu Tui’s chest suddenly lit up. Bishop Xiliude’s voice rang out. “Gather and prepare for battle.”

Xu Tui understood that this was the vortex stargate of the small universe of order. It had completely become realistic. He stood up and put away the snow cat that Little Six had possessed. He had just left the house when Derry and Belas were already waiting at the door.

These two guys had broken through to the Planetary realm in the past few days. Not only had their strength increased, but their status had also increased.

Although their identities were still that of the attendants of Officiant Kaedo, their status in the entire expeditionary army was no longer the same. The most obvious thing was that they have a single room now.

Strength was a good thing.

“Let’s go.” Xu Tui flew out of the Water Origin Palace with the two of them. He met Gabe, who had also received orders to gather. They exchanged glances and left the Water Origin Palace.

After leaving the Water Origin Palace, Xu Tui flew into the sky and arrived near Bishop Xiliude. This was Xu Tui’s privilege and a display of his status. The only people who could gather around Bishop Xiliude were experts like Dylin, Neff, Bunet, and Lally.

When Xu Tui arrived, Neff and Bunet were under the orders of Bishop Xiliude. One of them was using supernatural abilities to attack, while the other was using physical attacks to attack the vortex stargate.

Physical attacks were long-range throwing. Whether it was supernatural attacks or physical attacks, they all blasted into the vortex stargate. Lightning surged out and shattered. The object that was thrown over did not pass through.

“This vortex stargate of the small universe of order has already become realistic. Next…” Bishop Xiliude stopped talking. He first looked in the direction of the Spiritual Race of the Fire Origin Palace. The people of the Spiritual Race had already come out under Chi Jing’s lead.

There were clearly more Spiritual Race members in the sky above the Fire Origin Palace than before, but not too many.

At the same time, the Blue Star Elites also appeared above the Wood and Earth Origin Palaces. They looked at the vortex stargate of the small universe of order from afar.

However, the situation became strange.

The three sides looked at the Vortex Stargate that had already become reality. However, none of them attacked the seal of the Vortex Stargate. They were all watching.

This scene made Bishop Xiliude laugh. “The humans of the Blue Star are indeed getting worse with each generation. Back then, the solar system was…” Xiliude suddenly stopped midway through his mocking words. He shook his head gently and shouted at the Blue Star. “The Blue Star humans are divided into two sides. Who can speak?”

At this moment, Bishop Xiliude’s words were indescribably carefree. He seemed to be occupying the main seat. Haren, Ullr, and the others remained silent. They were not as strong as others, so they had no choice.

However, Cai Shaochu was furious. “When is it your turn to be in charge of the solar system?

The holy power umbrella above Xiliude’s head circulated. He narrowed his eyes and looked at Cai Shaochu. He said word by word, “Based on strength!”

Cai Shaochu’s expression darkened. He stepped forward slightly and sneered. “Let’s have a battle based on our strength!”

“That’s good.” Unexpectedly, the Muya Bishop, Xiliude, happily accepted Cai Shaochu’s challenge. However, in the next moment, Xiliude looked at the Spiritual Race’s camp.

“Brother Chi Jing, since the Blue Star humans are going to fight, we’ll split the two groups of people one by one! Whoever destroys their own group first will enter this small universe of order first!” Bishop Xiliude shouted.

As soon as he said that, Cai Shaochu and the Blue Star humans were so angry that their noses almost turned crooked. He was treating the powerhouses of the Blue Star like nothing.

Xu Tui was also inexplicably angry. However, after the inexplicable anger, he was on high alert. Xiliude said that the Muya and the Spiritual Race were respectively dealing with the Blue Star humans above the Wood and Earth Origin Palaces.

In fact, the strength of the Blue Star humans above the two palaces was not much different.

The Water Origin Palace was slightly stronger because of the Huaxia Sector. However, there was an additional Erera on the Earth Origin Palace’s side. Under such circumstances, Bishop Xiliude said that he wanted to deal with them at the same time.

That meant that the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements had definitely arrived. And it would definitely be a lot. Otherwise, with the previous strength of the Spiritual Race, it was impossible to destroy any of the Blue Star forces.

Moreover, there would definitely be high-end combat strength among the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements. The elites on the Blue Star were also instantly shocked.

The Muya Bishop, Xiliude, indeed had such an idea. He would first join forces with the Spiritual Race to destroy the Blue Star humans.

This was basically the worst-case scenario.

The Blue Star also had a few plans for the worst-case scenario. However, the applicable one was to lie flat. The two forces retreated into the Earth and Wood Origin Palaces respectively. They would defend and conserve their strength until the right time.

However, there was a bigger problem with this plan. What if the Muyas and the Spiritual Race joined forces to attack in a certain palace?

This was especially so for the Earth Origin Palace. Ullr did not have a strong control over the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. He could not mobilize much of the Earth Origin Palace’s power.

Once the forces of the Earth Origin Palace were destroyed, then…

The elites of the Blue Star were instantly worried. It was time to make a choice. This choice would affect the future fate of the Blue Star humans.

However, it was hard to say if it was good or bad.

On the other side, Chi Jing of the Fire Origin Palace laughed out loud. “In that case, I’ll choose first. I’ll choose to kill the Blue Star humans from the Earth

Origin Palace.”

Chi Jing’s tone was filled with confidence. Hearing this, Bishop Xiliude smiled.

He was about to respond when a cold snort suddenly sounded in the air. “Extermination, you sure are arrogant!”

The voice appeared extremely suddenly. The moment it appeared, it surprised the experts of the Muya and Spiritual Race. However, the moment the sound appeared, a sword light suddenly appeared in the sky and suddenly enlarged.

The sword light was like a shooting star, dragging a long tail of light as it instantly slashed towards Chi Jing, who had just bragged.

Killing intent was like a prison!

Chi Jing’s pupils constricted. He could not determine the power of the sword light. However, at this moment, the sword light was like a falling star. There was no time for Chi Jing to think. He could only deal with it.

In an instant, a sea of fire appeared in front of Chi Jing. Fire meteors rose from the sea of fire and blasted towards the sword light. Fire meteors blasted towards the sword light like rain.

However, this sword light was a little mysterious. At least 20 Fire Meteors were pierced through by the sword light.

Chi Jing’s expression became extremely cautious at this moment. It was not just Chi Jing. In the distance, the expressions of Bishop Xiliude and Dylin also became shocked. This sword light was very strong. Its aura was stronger than they had imagined.

It seemed…

Holy power fluctuations faintly fluctuated from the bodies of Bishop Xiliude and Dylin at the same time.

In the next moment, under the control of Chi Jing, the sea of fire that filled the sky instantly gathered into a tricolored flame that emitted a terrifying aura. The tricolored flame blasted towards the sword light.

Wherever the tricolored flames passed, the air was burned until it crackled. The power was extremely terrifying.

“How dare you show off what our ancestors played in front of me!” A clear voice sounded. The sword light suddenly flashed and expanded by more than a thousand meters. It instantly slashed down like the Milky Way.

The sword landed and shattered the tricolored flames. The sword light slashed down at Chi Jing.

The countless flaming defenses that rose above Chi Jing’s head shattered under this sword, including a life-saving card that Chi Jing had just opened.

In his shock, Chi Jing exclaimed, “Elder, save me!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1