Chapter 1417 - 1417: Domineering

Chapter 1417 - 1417: Domineering

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Mr. Shang, look, I’ve fulfilled your request. I’ve joined forces with the Blue Star humans to resist the Muyas and the Spiritual Race. I was the one who stopped the main elder of the Spiritual Race. So, you should fulfill your promise now, right? A palace,” the executive of the Great XI Clan said to Shang Long.

“Of course.” Shang Long agreed readily. However, his gaze swept past the two palaces. Then, he looked at Erera. “Erera, retreat the people of the Earth Origin Palace to the Wood Origin Palace. Also, who currently controls the Origin Energy of the Earth Palace?”

“Okay!” Erera did not hesitate at all to agree to Shang Long’s instructions. However, Ullr instantly flew into a rage.

“Why? Why should we give up the Earth Origin Palace and not the Wood Origin Palace? Mr. Shang, it’s not good to openly seek personal gain, right?” Ullr openly challenged Shang Long.

However, as soon as he finished speaking, he saw Erera fly into a rage. As her eyes turned red, two scarlet rays blasted towards Ullr.

No one expected Erera to attack just like that. After all, Erera was a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The Lord of The Myth, Ullr, was only a peak Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

This attack shocked everyone. Rumbling thunder instantly exploded. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, turned into a bolt of lightning and instantly dodged. He avoided

Erera’s attack, but he was furious again. “Miss Erera, what do you mean?”

“What do I mean? What right do you have to question Mr. Shang’s decision? When Mr. Shang was risking his life for the Blue Star, you were still cultivating in a corner like an ant. If he asked you to give it up, give it up immediately. Besides, if Mr. Shang had not appeared today, you would not have had the chance to speak.” Erera was a little brainless, but the reason for her words at this moment was extremely clear.

Not far away, Xiliude, Shui Zhi, and the others stood with their arms crossed. They were very happy to watch the internal strife on the Blue Star. At the same time, someone had already begun to consider if they should interact with Ullr and win him over.

Erera’s words could not convince the Lord of Myths, Ullr. “Miss Erera, this is different! We obtained the Earth Origin Palace through a bloody battle. We only managed to defend it after several bitter battles. How could you make me give it up just like that? This was unfair! I’m not convinced!”

“The Lord of The Myth, Ullr?” Shang Long looked at Ullr and immediately gave him immense pressure. “You’ve already incorporated The Myth?”

“No.” At the side, Cai Shaochu explained.

“Oh, Ullr, it looks like you don’t know my style. I haven’t finished my sentence. Why are you in a hurry? How much of the Earth Origin Power do we have now?” Shang Long asked.

“As far as we know, Ullr has 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power, and Xu Tui has 20%. However, Xu Tui’s whereabouts are unknown,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Ullr, release 30% of the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. Then, I’ll get Cai Shaochu to release 30% of the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace. How about that?” Shang Long said.

The Lord of Mvths. Ullr, was stunned.

“Is that fair?”

Ullr remained silent. On the surface, this method seemed fair, but in reality, his benefits had been greatly damaged. Currently, he has the most Origin Power in the Earth Origin Palace. It could be said that the Earth Origin Palace was his. He had the strongest say.

But what about the Wood Origin Palace? So what if he took 30% of the origin power? Cai Shaochu, who had grasped 70% of the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace, had nothing to do with him.

He had lost his greatest right and sovereignty. Therefore, he was still very unwilling.

However, just as Ullr was hesitating again, Shang Long suddenly sneered. “Ullr, don’t think that I, Shang Long, am a pedantic person! This is a situation that I’ve painstakingly fought for for the Blue Star. If anyone dares to destroy it, I can only kill them with one strike!”

In an instant, the sword light behind Shang Long rose again. However, this time, Shang Long’s sword light locked onto the Lord of Myths, Ullr. An indescribable palpitation surged into the heart of the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

The powerful mind power of Ullr actually sent him a message—no matter how hard he tried, he could not avoid this sword. Under normal circumstances, he would definitely die under this sword even if he used some trump cards.

Ullr’s face turned pale! Shang Long was too domineering. However, at this moment, Ullr had no choice.

“Alright, for the sake of the Blue Star, I’ll hand it over!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, gritted his teeth helplessly.

“It’s good that you understand.” Shang Long’s sword light suddenly turned and pointed at Gu Ji. “Alright, ten minutes later, you will take over the Earth Origin Palace. At the same time, I will give you 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. You will have to fight for the rest yourself.”

Hearing this, Gu Ji gave Shang Long a thumbs-up. “Mr. Shang is really trusting! Indeed, working with you is much more beneficial than working with these two guys.”

Xiliude and Shui Zhi remained silent.

That day, Gu Ji had made a request for them to join forces to take down the Earth Origin Palace. But why would they agree? Wouldn’t it be easier to destroy the Great Xi Clan without a base in the future?

However, they did not expect Shang Long to take advantage of the situation.

Just like that, in front of the army of the four races, the Blue Star gave the Earth Origin Palace to the Great Xi Clan. After the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan settled in, the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms that had been waiting in the cosmic tunnel also entered the Earth Origin Palace at the same time.

That number made Haren, Ullr, and the others feel a little scared.

With the current strength of the Great Xi Clan, if the Great Xi Clan were to launch a surprise attack on the Earth Origin Palace from the cosmic tunnel, especially with the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Gu Ji, there was no need for the Muyas and the Spiritual Race to participate in the battle.

They only needed to restrain the Blue Star forces of the Wood Origin Palace. Then, the outcome of the Earth Origin Palace would definitely be bad.

The difference was what price the Great Xi Clan would pay.

However, the loss was destined. This was because even Erera could not withstand the attack of the Great Xi Clan’s executive, Gu Ji, for long.

In front of everyone, Ullr helplessly gave out 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s Origin Power. Cai Shaochu also did it extremely readily. 30% of the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace was given to the Lord of Myths, Ullr, to refine on the spot.

Shang Long’s actions were domineering, but he also kept his promise.

Half an hour later, the Great Xi Clan that had occupied the Earth Origin Palace again finally stabilized. Only then did Gu Ji fly into the sky with a few experts and have a meeting with Xiliude, Shui Zhi, and Shang Long.

Xu Tui did not have any other thoughts when he saw this scene.

Actually, what Xu Tui did not know was that Shang Long had made all kinds of arrangements and warnings when he left the solar system to explore the Milky Way. It was to prevent outsiders from taking the opportunity to send top experts over.

Otherwise, he would not have been able to rush back in time.

Shang Long had long known that such a day would come, but he did not expect it to come much faster than he had imagined. The power of the Fire Wall and the Sun Guardian had decreased much more than he had imagined.

A hundred years ago, even with the abilities of the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor, he could only use the holy body of the Spiritual Race to send over the power of a finger to destroy the Fire God, Gavro.

But now, all of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could come over. It seemed that the continuous consumption of the Sun Guardian’s power of the solar system by the various races had not stopped for the past hundred years.

“Everyone, I have to praise Mr. Shang first! His actions gave the Blue Star humans the right to sit down and talk to us. Now, let’s talk about how to break the seal of this small universe. Then, how do people from all sides enter?” Bishop Xiliude smiled, but he was holding a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token in his hand. He was prepared to save his life at any time.

Who knew if someone would launch an attack? Similarly, ice light appeared around Shui Zhi, and a small sword jumped between Shang Long’s fingers.

“It’s easy to break the restriction. If everyone works together and takes turns to attack, it will be broken in seven to eight days at most, right?” Gu Ji said.

“It’s difficult. No one has entered or left this small universe for a long time. The sealing power has been accumulated to the extreme. Even if the various families work together, it will probably take half a month, ” Bishop Xiliude said.

“Then half a month. We can still afford to wait! Most importantly, how are the various families going to enter after the restriction is broken? There has to be a number requirement, right?” Gu Ji said.

“Number? There shouldn’t be a limit, right? We could feel free to send those who are bold in! Those who are timid can choose not to enter,” Shui Zhi said.

“That’s a good explanation. It depends on your choice! There’s no upper limit to the number,” Gu Ji replied.

“Let’s limit it! After all, this is Mr. Shang’s territory.” Xiliude looked at Shang Long and laughed.

“Up to you!” Shang Long spread out his hands. “It’s the rules. Everyone has to abide by them! Why don’t the few of us not go in and guard here to maintain order? As for what’s in the small universe, let the juniors cause trouble.”

Xiliude, Shui Zhi, and the others’ eyes flickered as they calculated their strength.

Xiliude and Shui Zhi glanced at Erera in the distance at the same time. Although this crazy woman only had the strength of Seven Satellites, she could unleash the combat strength of the Eight Satellites.

Chi Jing could not suppress her, so Dylin might not be able to defeat her. Therefore, it was better to restrict it. There was also the Spiritual Race. There were actually three people above the Seven Satellites. It was not fair to let them in.

“People could enter freely as long as they are below the Seven Satellites. What do you think?” Bishop Xiliude suggested.

“I agree.” Gu Ji was the first to agree. There was only one guard who was in the Seven Satellites under him. The other one had been killed by Shang Long. He had to agree.

“Yes, I agree.” Shang Long also agreed. Everyone looked at Shui Zhi.

Shui Zhi was actually a little depressed. The Spiritual Race had the upper hand in terms of strength above the Seven Satellites, but at this moment, they were being suppressed by the combined forces of the three families. He had no choice but to agree.

“What about the quantity?” Shui Zhi asked.

“Let’s discuss it slowly. However, I suggest that we start bombarding the stargate seal of this small universe of order now. The earlier we break through, the earlier we can enter and explore,” Xiliude said.

A few minutes later, a boundless power fluctuation rose. The top Planetary realm powerhouses of the four factions began to take turns to attack the vortex stargate.

Light flashed, and lightning exploded like a cloud!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1