Chapter 1410 - 1410: Stargate Lightning

Chapter 1410 - 1410: Stargate Lightning

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He successfully passed the internal review. This was easier than Xu Tui had imagined, other than the little interlude with Derry. However, it was actually within his expectations.

At first glance, it looked like a coincidence. However, it was actually the result of Xu Tui’s meticulous plan.

If Xu Tui had not displayed his extremely strong combat tenacity and intelligence on Planet Meria, as well as his ability to defeat the strong as the weak, and had defeated Bunet in front of everyone, then Xu Tui’s return today was tempting fate.

The display of strength on Planet Meria laid the foundation for today’s return.

Other than that, Xu Tui’s act of being the first to take out the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to treat Bishop Xiliude on the Karsnai asteroid seemed useless. In reality, it was very useful. In Bishop Xiliude’s heart, he had already treated Xu Tui as his own person and someone he could definitely trust.

Therefore, when he questioned Xu Tui today, including his subordinates, Bishop Xiliude naturally trusted Xu Tui. It was just a routine matter. He did not use any more intense methods. Otherwise, how could Xu Tui bring his subordinates back when the enemy could severely injure a peak Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse like Bunet?

He was naturally the target of intense suspicion.

Other than that, there was Bunet’s attitude and morale. The fifth combat brigade of the expeditionary army was almost completely wiped out by the Blue Star humans’ surprise attack. This news dealt a blow to the morale of the expeditionary army. It was far crueler than many people had imagined.

The destruction of a unit in a place far away from home where there were no reinforcements or retreat routes was an indescribable blow to the morale of the army. However, in a desperate situation, Officiant Kaedo saved the commander of the fifth combat brigade, Bunet.

When the news spread, Officiant Kaedo actually became the hope of the Solar

System Expeditionary Force. He was a beam of light in a desperate situation. If Dylin or Xiliude were to shine too brightly in a desperate situation, the impact would be huge.

All of these factors allowed Xu Tui to pass the test smoothly. However, passing the test successfully did not mean that he was safe. Xiliude and Dylin were not stupid. On the contrary, they were definitely very experienced to be sent here by the Muya Divine Court.

Although Neff had found a reason for the leak of the military information, Xu Tui could already foresee that Xiliude and Dylin would definitely be secretly searching for the traitor after today. Since he could not find a public method, he would secretly observe and search.

Therefore, Xu Tui kept warning himself when he followed Xiliude and Dylin out of the Water Origin Palace to observe the small universe. In the next moment, he had to think twice before he moved. He had to be extremely careful!

Actually, when he was on the Karsnai asteroid, Cai Shaochu had told Xu Tui about the appearance of the Small Universe Vortex Stargate.

Xu Tui really wanted to observe it up close. And he finally had a chance after he returned to the Water Origin Palace. In the sky above the Water Origin Palace, a vortex that looked like a cloud was very eye-catching.

The main body of the vortex was cloud-white and was about a hundred meters wide. However, it was mixed with specks of star-like light. It was not eye-catching during the day under the sunlight, but it would definitely be very eye-catching at night.

The moment he flew out of the Water Origin Palace, Xu Tui suddenly realized that Bishop Xiliude was trembling. The sunlight had also become exceptionally dazzling and hot at this moment.

Xu Tui thought of something.

Holy light surged and gathered above Bishop Xiliude’s head into a low-sided Holy Light Umbrella, blocking the sunlight. Only then did Bishop Xiliude’s trembles completely disappearing.

The Sun Guardian might be even stronger than Xu Tui had imagined.

“A small universe that can directly connect to a Stargate on Ceres is definitely not a nameless person. It must be a more important small universe. Neff, charge.” Bishop Xiliude looked at the vortex stargate in the sky and suddenly gave the order.

“Alright, Your Eminence.”

Neff accepted the order, but he was stopped by Xiliude. “Go, take my scepter. Whether you can enter or not, you must touch my scepter at the edge of the stargate.”

Bishop Xiliude’s scepter had been half destroyed when he passed through the Gate of Holy Power. However, it was obvious that this was a treasure. Although there was only one piece left, Bishop Xiliude still did not leave his hands.

Neff took the half of the scepter with both hands. After folding his arms and bowing, he looked at Commander Dylin.

“I’ll protect you.” Commander-in-chief Dylin understood what Neff meant.

Perhaps it was because the Stargate had completely become realistic, or perhaps it was because this was the first time the higher-ups of the Muyas’ solar system expeditionary army had appeared, but the other factions also left the origin palace and observed the vortex Stargate in the sky. At the same time, they were also observing the Muyas.

Not only did Xu Tui see Cai Shaochu, but he also saw Chi Jing and the others of the Spiritual Race from afar. He also saw Ullr, Haren, and Augusto. However, he did not see Raymont.

From this point of view, it could be seen that the person who had invaded Planet Peach was undoubtedly Raymont. Otherwise, Raymont would have appeared on such an occasion.

“Little Six, can you determine which small universe this Vortex Stargate belongs to?” Xu Tui communicated with Little Six in his mind.

“No. The appearance of the Vortex Stargate is basically the same, but the sealing power of the Vortex Stargate is a little different.”

“How is it different?”

“In the four major Origin Universes, the sealing power of the Stargate is very simple. In the Water Origin Universe, power is pure water-type power. It’s the same for the Fire Origin Universe. In comparison, the sealing power of the stargates in the other small universes is more comprehensive. There are no characteristics,” Little Six said.

“So we could only tell if it’s one of the four major origin small universes? For example, can we tell if it’s the key Small Universe of Samsara or the Small Universe of Heavenly Court?” Xu Tui asked.

“You can’t.”

Xu Tui was a little disappointed. According to the previous explanation, the most important thing in all the small universes was the Samsara Small Universe.

The Small Universe of Samsara was the foundation of the race’s inheritance.

Xu Tui did not know the secret behind this. However, according to Little Six, if the Small Universe of Samsara was captured by the enemy, the humans of the Blue Star would have to self-destruct in a few years.

The Small Universe of Samsara was also the key to the survival of the Blue Star humans, or rather, the Huaxia humans. Next were the Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire Origin Small Universes, followed by the Heavenly Court. These were all important small universes.

It was hard to say where he could find it. However, the common characteristic was that these vital small universes all had Stargates connected to Ceres. If they achieved a certain condition, they would appear on their own like the Stargate of this small universe.

In the next moment, Neff held Bishop Xiliude’s scepter. The wings on his back retracted and spread. He instantly turned into a green bolt of lightning and charged towards the vortex stargate in the sky.

He arrived in an instant. However, the moment he arrived, the vortex stargate of the small universe became illusory. Neff missed. It seemed that the vortex stargate of this small universe was still illusory and could not be touched.

However, Neff followed Bishop Xiliude’s instructions. The moment he passed through the illusory small universe vortex stargate, he extended Bishop Xiliude’s scepter towards the stargate.

At the same time, Bishop Xiliude crossed his arms in front of his chest and made a prayer. A little holy light appeared on the scepter and probed into the small universe vortex stargate. In an instant, a dazzling light exploded from the vortex stargate.

It was lightning. However, it was not pure lightning. It was four-colored lightning. It instantly turned the holy light coming out of the scepter into nothingness. The four-colored lightning seemed to have been angered after it destroyed the holy light. With the power of lightning, it blasted towards Neff, as if it wanted to kill him.

Neff, who was under the lightning, was instantly terrified. He felt that the lightning could really kill him. He could not help but roar in fear. “Protect me, Your Eminence!” Neff roared.

Boundless holy power fluctuations appeared on Bishop Xiliude’s body. Neff disappeared before the four-colored lightning reached his body..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1