Chapter 1418 - 1418: A True Word And Breaking The Restriction

Chapter 1418: A True Word and Breaking the Restriction

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You are Xu Tui?”

In the Water Origin Palace, Xu Tui quickly recorded the Morse password while translating it. With his current memory and mind power, it was very fast for him to translate the message.

This sudden question made Xu Tui, who was in the Water Origin Palace, a little confused. Wasn’t the high-level colony of Tri Ling Ding in the hands of An Xiaoxue? Recently, Cai Shaochu had contacted him. Who was this unfamiliar tone?

Due to Xu Tui’s silence, the other party sent another message. “I am Shang Long, your grandmaster.”

Xu Tui was silent. He still did not reply. His current identity was special. He was a spy and was in an extremely dangerous situation. Caution is a must. The other party seemed to have realized the reason for Xu Tui’s silence. He sent another message. “I am Cai Shaochu. The person you are communicating with is Mr. Shang Long.”

“Send me the identity codes.” Xu Tui was still very cautious.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after Cai Shaochu sent him an extremely long and meaningless message. There was no doubt that Cai Shaochu and Shang Long was at the other end of communication. “Kid, you’re quite cautious. However, that’s good. I failed in my duty as a teacher.”

Xu Tui was surprised. He had expected that he would definitely meet his grandmaster, Shang Long, one day. However, he did not expect them to communicate under such circumstances.

“Hello, Teacher. I am Xu Tui.” (The Genetic Miracle was a relatively modern research school, so the way they addressed him was very casual. Grandmasters, teachers, and so on were fine.)

“Yes, I heard from Guoliang that you are very outstanding. I should have prepared a greeting gift for you, but I didn’t expect you and I to contact each other under such circumstances,” Shang Long said.

“Mr. Shang, I saw you during the battle on Ceres a few days ago. I am an officiant not far from Bishop Xiliude,” Xu Tui said.

“Fortunately, my target that day was only a few of the strongest people.

Otherwise, I would have made a fool of myself.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He instantly thought of a possibility. If he was killed by his teacher, Shang Long, because he was pretending to be the officiant of the Muya Clan, he would really become a joke of the legends.

“Xu Tui, you did well. You did very well. You could actually infiltrate the enemy in such a way and capture an opportunity. In terms of this, you did better than me, a teacher. I’m ashamed,” Shang Long said after he understood Xu Tui’s current situation.

“Everyone in Huaxia has a responsibility to defend the ground and kill the enemy!” Xu Tui’s reply was very simple. However, Shang Long, who was in the Wood Origin Palace, felt an inexplicable sense of relief.

Someone in the next generation had finally grown up. Their generation finally did not have to worry about having no successor.

“Do you need my help? If you do, just tell me. I’ll try my best to think of a way to help you solve your problem,” Shang Long asked.

“Of course. If I could see you, I would definitely want a few of your sword light seal cards. However, it’s not convenient for me to get them now. By the way, Mr. Shang, you should have prepared a greeting gift for me, right?” Xu Tui’s skin was countless times thicker than when he first entered the school.

“Kid.” In the Wood Origin Palace, Shang Long shook his head and smiled bitterly. This grand-disciple of his was really bold.

“The vortex stargate of the Small Universe of Order in front of you is estimated to be completely broken open in two to three days. My personal suggestion is that you don’t go in.

“After entering, you would definitely face bloody battles. Your disguised identity was more troublesome. If you encountered the Blue Star humans, you would be restrained and easily exposed. Moreover, you’re only a quasi-planet,” Shang Long said.

Xu Tui was stunned. ‘Mr. Shang, didn’t Principal Cai tell you?”

“Tell me what?”

“Principal Cai and I worked together to kill a peak Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. I’m the main attacker.”

“Really?” In the Wood Origin Palace, Shang Long looked at Cai Shaochu in shock. As Cai Shaochu quickly projected the top-secret information he had compiled about Xu Tui, Shang Long became more and more shocked. Damn it, he had such a sick grand-disciple. Why didn’t he know?

A quasi-planetary powerhouse who could easily kill a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and threaten a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Why did he feel that he was much stronger than when he was young?

“Therefore, Mr. Shang, I have to enter this vortex stargate if it is activated. Think about it. What if I encounter the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan as the officiant of the Muya? Wasn’t there a lot to be done? Other than that, I have another reason why I have to go,” Xu Tui said.

“The reason why you had to go?”

“We’ll talk about this in person when we have the chance in the future.” The existence of Little Six and the situation of the Origin Domain Seal could not be explained in a few words.

“Alright. I have the same opinion as Shaochu. At the critical moment, we have to ensure our safety even if we abandon our identity as spies. By the way, Shaochu said that you can’t break through to the Planetary realm and you’re stuck at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. What’s the reason?” Shang Long asked.

“Force field. Mr. Shang, in order to break through to the Planetary realm, I had to let my main planet form a unique force field to form a binding force field to restrain the newly condensed supernatural star.

“However, no one has condensed a main mind power planet before this. In the past half a year, I haven’t figured out how to activate the force field of the main mind power planet.” Xu Tui naturally would not let go of such an opportunity. Since Shang Long had spoken, he quickly asked for guidance..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1