Chapter 1413 - 1413: Huaxia Swordsman

Chapter 1413: Huaxia Swordsman

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The sudden sword light made the eyes of the leader of the Great Xi Clan’s expeditionary army flash. Two laser-like energy beams instantly blasted towards the sword light from his eyes.

Although the sword light came a little suddenly, in Gu Ji’s opinion, it could be broken with a wave of his hand. After all, he, Gu Ji, was one of the most respected executives of the Great Xi Clan.

The laser was like a light. It carried an extremely powerful energy fluctuation and was about to shatter the sword light. However, the sword light suddenly split into two at this moment and instantly accelerated.

Whoosh!

The two energy beams shot out by Gu Ji instantly seemed to have been peeled off. The two were split into four. Then, it dissipated into the void.

However, the sword light was still going strong. The two sword lights that had split into two accelerated again after destroying the two energy beams that were casually shot out by Gu Ji. The moment the light in Gu Ji’s huge light eyes flashed, one of the two sword lights instantly split into two, two into four, four into eight, eight into 16, and 16 into 32.

Mixed with the other sword light, the 33 sword lights accelerated at lightning speed and blasted behind Gu Ji.

Even though Gu Ji was a powerful executive of the Great Xi Clan, he still felt a little dizzy at this moment. His eyes flashed. The moment he instantly shattered the seven sword lights, the other 26 sword lights passed behind Gu Ji and slashed at the elites of the Great Xi Clan behind him at lightning speed.

The 26 sword lights were very fast.

Exclamations and screams instantly rang out behind Gu Ji. Boundless and chaotic energy fluctuations rose. However, the light that exploded one after another behind him made Gu Ji’s expression instantly become extremely ugly. His huge eyes flashed.

A subordinate was killed by the sword light. His energy core and mental body were accurately destroyed by the sword light. He couldn’t be any more dead.

In an instant, six balls of light exploded. That meant that six people had died in battle. Under normal circumstances, the death of six people was nothing to the expeditionary army of 1,000 people that the Great Xi Clan had just organized.

However, among the six people who were killed, other than four Transmutation Realm experts and a quasi-planetary expert, there was also a Five Satellites Planetary realm elite.

Five Satellites Planetary realm could already be considered an elite expert in the Great Xi Clan. There were not many of them in the Great Xi Clan.

Most importantly, although there were as many as 1,000 people in the Great Xi’s expeditionary army this time, not many experts were brought over because of the power limit of the quark particle jumper.

Gu Ji, who was the executive, had personally used a long-range directional jump. Coupled with the fact that he had used a higher-level six-ringed energy body, the Planetary realm powerhouses he brought this time far exceeded the ones Günter had brought.

However, it was still limited.

This time, Gu Ji only brought one Seven Satellites, two Six Satellites, six Five Satellites, 30 Planetary realm experts below Five Satellites, 150 quasi-planetary experts, and 800 Transmutation Realm experts.

This was the limit of what he could do as an executive. Furthermore, he had invested a large amount of energy into two jumps.

Among these combat strengths, those below the Planetary realm were actually supportive combat strength, chores, and so on.

In the Planetary realm, the true core combat strength was actually Seven Satellites, two Six Satellites, and six Five Satellites. These eight people were the strongest core combatants under him.

With these eight subordinates as generals, the other Great Xi Clan members he brought could charge forward. Otherwise, they would not be able to escape being slaughtered.

But a mysterious sword light had appeared. The moment it appeared, it killed a Five Satellites Planetary realm. It was equivalent to losing one of his eight generals.

It was impossible for Gu Ji not to be angry. However, Gu Ji was the executive of the Great Xi Clan. He could not reach this level if he only knew how to be angry.

There must be something else going on since this sword appeared so suddenly. “Form up and set up defenses!”

Nearly a thousand expeditionary forces of the Great XI Clan extended their energy and fused together, forming a scattered but joint defense array. Although it was impossible for this kind of connected defense array to increase everyone’s defense to the same level or average it,

it could increase everyone’s defense to a certain extent through the constantly circulating energy after forming the energy connection.

The stronger a person was, the smaller the benefits they would receive. For example, powerhouses above the Five Satellites Planetary realm would at most have their defense increased by 10% under this energy array.

However, the defense of the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms, including the defense of the low-level Planetary realm, could be greatly enhanced.

Of course, the specific increase depended on the energy level of all the Great Xi Clan members who had formed the energy array. No matter what, it would definitely increase the overall strength.

The eyes of the executive, Gu Ji, expanded. He scanned the cosmic tunnel in front of him like a searchlight, wanting to find the enemy hiding in the dark.

However, even if the light in his eyes swept the furthest range, he could not find the enemy. Just as he was frowning, a strange fluctuation flashed in the distance. Another sword light suddenly appeared in the distance.

The expression of Gu Ji became strange. He had searched there just now, but there were no energy fluctuations. Then where did this sword light come from?

In an instant, Gu Ji’s eyes flickered with light, and his aura locked onto the sword light. Gu Ji did not attack immediately as the sword light was flying over slowly. Instead, he was accumulating power.

Just as the group of experts behind Gu Ji locked onto the aura of this sword light, it suddenly disappeared.

Everyone from the Great Xi Clan was shocked. Suddenly, an indescribably sharp aura appeared on the left. The sword light that had just disappeared suddenly appeared on the left of Gu Ji. It slowly moved but still did not slash out.

Gu Ji waved his hand to comfort the people behind him. His aura was still locked onto the sword light, but it was flickering rapidly in his mind.

Which side was the expert from? Only the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan used swords.

The sword light that was split into two could even kill the Five Satellites Planetary realm experts on his side. The expert with the sword on the other side was at least a Seven Satellites Planetary realm expert. He might even be a Eight or Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert.

He was extremely powerful! The other party did not seem to be doing this purely to kill. It was more like a… warning?

Just as Gu Ji was deep in thought, a clear voice suddenly sounded from the sword light. “Gu Ji, do you want to try again?”

“Try what?” Gu Ji asked instinctively, but he was shocked. This enemy could call out his name and know him. However, he knew nothing about the enemy in front of him.

“Let’s try and see how many of your thousand troops my sword light can kill under the protection of the energy array formed!” The voice in the sword light was still as cold as rain.

Light flashed in Gu Ji’s huge eyes. He did not reply immediately. While Gu Ji was hesitating, the sword light on the other side suddenly split into two, then two into four, and four into eight. A wave of sword light flickered and suddenly turned into 33 sword lights.

It was just like before!

Gu Ji’s expression instantly changed drastically. He was not confident. Although the energy array could increase one’s defense, it did not increase much for powerhouses above the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

He did not know if the other Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could defend against the same attack. Similarly, he was not confident that he could find the strongest one out of the 33 sword lights to shatter the moment the sword light slashed out.

He was not confident at all. Therefore, Gu Ji did not dare to try. It would be a pity if he lost another Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse for no reason. It would make him feel too uncomfortable.

They had already lost two generals before they entered Ceres. Then how could they split the benefits of Ceres in the future? Under normal circumstances, the casualty rate of Planetary realm experts above Five Satellites should be extremely low.

Most importantly, he did not know who the enemy was!

“Wait, I want to Imow who you are. What do you want to do?” Gu Ji asked. “Who am I? There’s no harm in telling you. Huaxia Shang Long!”

As soon as he said that, Gu Ji’s expression changed. “Sword Immortal Shang

Long?”

“The Sword Immortal is Miao Chuan! I’m the Huaxia Swordsman, Shang Long!”

The light in Gu Ji’s eyes kept flickering. Their Great Xi Clan’s understanding of the Blue Star humans was far inferior to that of the Muyas and the Spiritual Race, but they still had some understanding.

The name of the Sword Immortal, Shang Long, was like thunder to the ears.

Over the years, in the Milky Way, at least two Spiritual Race elders, three Muya Bishops, and three to four high-level Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan had died because of the Sword Immortal Shang Long.

But they could not find him!

The word ‘elusive’ could not be more accurate to describe the Sword Immortal, Shang Long.

“Mr. Shang, why are you here?”

“You guys invaded my solar system again. Tell me, why did I come?

“Mr. Shang, I admit that you’re very strong. You’re elusive, but you can’t do it alone, right? Moreover, with your powerful sword light, you must not be far from here. As long as I lock onto your aura, I’ll find you!”

“Then let’s see if you’ll find me first, or if I’ll kill all the generals under you first.” Shang Long sneered.

Gu Ji was silent. He could not find Shang Long from the aura emitted by the sword light. Only when the aura of the sword light erupted would the sword light be most closely related to Shang Long. At that time, he would be able to find Shang Long’s exact location. However, it was only a possibility. He was not sure how many swords it would take to find it. Therefore, he remained silent.

“Mr. Shang, tell me clearly.”

If Shang Long was just trying to kill, he would definitely not be as long-winded as he was now. Therefore, after weighing the pros and cons, Gu Ji said that.

“Our Blue Star needs an ally on the battlefield. I think you guys are more suitable! What do you think?” Shang Long suddenly said.

Gu Ji suddenly sneered. “Mr. Shang, why should we cooperate with the Blue Star? Wouldn’t it be nice if we cooperate with the Spiritual Race and the Muyas to destroy the Blue Star humans and split the solar system?”

“Then what do you think the next script will be like if the three of you join forces to destroy the Blue Star humans, not to mention whether you can destroy them or not? Do you think the three families will split the inheritance resources of the solar system and the Blue Star, or will two of them join forces to destroy another one before dividing it?

“Which family do you think is most likely to be destroyed? Oh, that’s right. I have to remind you. Going back 3,000 years, your Great Xi Clan is the common enemy of all races!”

Shang Long’s voice instantly made Gu Ji fall into deep thought..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1