Chapter 1425 - 1425: Captain Level Obtained

Chapter 1425 - 1425: Captain Level Obtained

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, there was a month-long preparation period before entering the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Whether it was the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, or the Blue Star humans, they had all made various preparations.

For example, exploration.

The exploration teams of the various families set off in teams. Usually, there would be three Planetary realm experts and ten quasi-planetary experts in a team. The scale of such a team was not limited by the experts of the four factions.

It was because they needed it.

They needed it to explore this small universe. One of the important factors why a small universe was called a small universe was that it was large. It was very vast. It was definitely not something that ordinary planets could compare to. Otherwise, it would not have the name of a small universe.

With the speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse, even a normal Planetary realm powerhouse would only need a few days to explore an ordinary planet. However, that was impossible to do that in the small universe.

If he wanted to fully explore it, this exploration cycle might be measured in months. The specific months would depend on the situation in the small universe. It did not matter if it was a faction monopolizing it. He would slowly explore it.

However, with the four factions competing, he had to try his best to find valuable information in the shortest time possible and find the key.

In that case, a team exploration was necessary. However, the disadvantage of the team’s exploration was that their strength was too scattered. What if he discovered something and did not have enough power?

For this reason, Bishop Xiliude had carefully prepared for more than half a month for the Muyas. He brought the Muyas to pray for a long time every day and filled in a large number of Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. He forcefully built a statue.

He asked Neff to bring it in. This statue was a little like a temporary communication base station on the Blue Star. As long as Neff took out this statue, the Muyas could contact each other through their personal holy tokens within a certain range.

The only disadvantage was that the temporary statue had a very limited range of communication.

This was a communication method that the Muyas had secretly prepared.

Of course, the Blue Star had similar methods.

Cai Shaochu had a quantum dimensional chain and brought in a temporary communication base station. However, the power and the range of his communication was limited. There was an easier way for Xu Tui to contact Cai Shaochu, which was Tri Ling Ding.

An Xiaoxue was one of the quasi-planets that Cai Shaochu had brought.

An Xiaoxue’s strength was very outstanding. She could easily kill an ordinary One Satellites Planetary realm expert with the Dimensional Slash. Similarly, the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race must have a similar way of contacting their people.

It would depend on who made the first valuable discovery and then made progress.

Xu Tui had dealt with the two remaining quasi-planets because they knew too much. He threw away the golden helmet and golden armor that Little Six had obtained from the quasi-planetary realm guards of the Heavenly Court after testing them.

The golden helmet and golden armor that the Planetary realm guard of the Heavenly Court was wearing was another level. He could inject energy into it to defend. If he injected all his energy into his defense, he could block a full-powered attack from an expert of the same level.

Based on this guess, the armor worn by the captain must be stronger.

In any case, Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal only shattered the head of the captain after two consecutive explosions.

Xu Tui gave Derry and Belas a set of golden armor worn by Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. As Xu Tui did not know the level of the standard equipment of the Heavenly Court guards, he temporarily followed the Blue Star’s naming habits and called the golden armor worn by quasi-planets the lowest level, the level-one standard armor.

The armor worn by Planetary realm experts below the captain level was called

Level 2 standard armor. He named the armor that the captain was wearing a

Level 3 captain armor. In the future, if he made any new discoveries, it would increase.

It was worth mentioning that this level-two standard armor of the Heavenly

Court could accommodate all kinds of power. The supernatural power that the Muyas cultivated, be it holy power or Xu Tui’s mind power, energy field, and supernatural power, could fill and activate their defenses.

In this aspect, it was very high-end. Wearing it could also save his life at critical moments. Unfortunately, he could not remove the Level 3 captain armor.

According to the previous tentative plan, Xu Tui would use his personal holy token and inject it to the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token with the intention of contacting Neff or the other captains. Unfortunately, either because it was too far away or because Neff had not taken out the statue yet, nothing happened.

Xu Tui had already contacted Cai Shaochu through Tri Ling Ding and its colonies.

Cai Shaochu and the others’ current location was unknown. They also encountered a patrol team from the Heavenly Court. They were wiped out without any damage.

After all, Cai Shaochu and the others had a super luxurious lineup. Whether it was Cai Shaochu, Ruan Tianzuo, Pei Tiefeng, or the quasi-planetary experts they brought, they all had the ability to fight above their level.

After exchanging information with Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui set off again with Derry and Belas.

As for Little Six, it turned back into a palm-sized snow cat and lay on Xu Tui’s shoulder. The corpse of the Four Satellites Guard that he had possessed previously was thrown into the quantum dimensional chain by Xu Tui.

Currently, Xu Tui was using Little Six as a surprise weapon. In any case, he was already familiar with it. If he threw it out when he used it, Little Six would be able to seamlessly control it.

Xu Tui could not contact Neff. He could only choose a direction and advance again. At the same time, he also had some understanding of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. There was no division between heaven and earth in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. However, the thick white clouds below looked a little like land that could be stepped on.

The energy concentration had always been very high. Perhaps it was because it had been sealed for a long time.

Xu Tui and the others kept exploring in one direction. Every 15 minutes, he would activate his personal holy token and try to contact Neff. However, he could not contact Neff. Instead, he encountered another patrol team from the Heavenly Court.

It was still a standard staffing of 51 people.

After discovering Xu Tui and the other two, the captain in the lead roared and discovered the enemy. He led the team and charged toward Xu Tui and the other two.

After the first battle, Xu Tui began to use the lookout tactic very familiarly. At the same time, he threw out the corpse of the Four Satellites Planetary realm

expert and let Little SIX take over.

Although the attack and defense methods were very limited, the combat power he unleashed was that of a standard Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. It was even a little stronger.

In any case, it was better than the Four Satellites of the Heavenly Court in the patrol team. He could actually restrain the captain with Five Satellites for a moment. Coupled with the fact that Derry and Belas had Level 2 standard armor, their defense had greatly increased, but it was much better than before.

Under their restraint, Xu Tui used teleportation to move continuously. It was too easy for him to deal with this group of Heavenly Court guards who might have problems with their mental bodies.

In less than 30 seconds, Xu Tui had easily killed the other quasi-planetary and the guards below Four Satellites.

Teleportation combined with Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword was like a divine tool for flying a kite.

Xu Tui used the Ice Seal while the two Four Satellites Planetary realm guards were still shocked by his mental hammer. While he was controlling them with the ice seal, he activated his spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation to invade their mental bodies at close range.

Bang!

In an instant, it triggered the self-destruction program. He obtained another intact corpse of the Four Satellites Heavenly Guard. It was the same for the other Four Satellites. Only the captain with Five Satellites, who was being held back by Little Six, Derry, and Belas, roared repeatedly.

This time, Xu Tui studied it even more carefully. Although the captain with Five Satellites had the energy aura fluctuations of Five Satellites, he did not display his true combat strength. He could even fight the Four Satellites Guard of the Heavenly Court controlled by Little Six.

In the next moment, the Small God Slaying Sword that was controlling the power slashed out. Under the continuous attacks of the mental hammer, the ice seals were continuously sealed while the mental body was trembling violently.

After the seal was successful, Xu Tui did the same. In less than a second, the mental body in the captain’s body exploded and self-destructed.

Xu Tui was delighted. He finally obtained the corpse of a captain-level

Heavenly Court guard..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1