Chapter 1428 - 1428: Pandora Box And Choice (1)

Chapter 1428 - 1428: Pandora Box and Choice (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Were there any alliances between the Spiritual Race and the Muyas in the solar system? This was a question that the Spiritual Race’s Lang Xu was considering. The answer was actually very simple, but it was also a little blurry. Yes and no!

Why did he say that? There was indeed no clear alliance or cooperation agreement between the Spiritual Race and the Muyas. However, there was a certain level of alliance and communication between the top experts of both sides. There was even a sense of alliance.

Actually, to put it bluntly, there was only one word—a need!

When they needed the other party’s strength or information, there would be an alliance between the Spiritual Race and the Muyas. When there was no need, there was no need. He was an enemy that he could kill.

Then did he need it now? This was a question that Lang Xu had thought of when he saw Officiant Kaedo. Is there a need? To be honest, Lang Xu was not interested in the strength of Xu Tui’s Muya team.

A quasi-planetary and two One Satellites Planetary realm experts who were still being chased by the Heavenly Court guards. Their strength was really not good.

However, in the end, they were still a force. Two Planetary realm experts had real Planetary realm combat strength. Moreover, the key was that this team was very weak. If they saved them and gathered in his team, there would definitely only be one voice in the team, and that was his voice.

This was also the benefit of having fewer people in this Muya team. It was also worth saving. Although they were weak, they could strengthen his team.

That was one of the reasons.

Secondly, Lang Xu had also encountered two patrol teams along the way. Even with his strength as a Five Satellites Planetary realm, with Four Satellites, Three Satellites, and ten quasi-planetary experts under him, he still found it straining.

‘ftvo quasi-planets had already died in battle.

Moreover, the Spiritual Race actually had some understanding of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. They knew dozens of times more than the Blue Star humans about the military system of the Heavenly Court and the various armies of the Heavenly Court.

Lang Xu was very clear about the problem he would face next. If he wanted to gain something, he would definitely have to gather more power. Based on the current situation, even if he gathered all the forces of the Spiritual Race, they would have to rely on brilliant strategic tactics to achieve their goal.

In that case, uniting the Muyas was the choice of the Spiritual Race. The humans of the Blue Star were mortal enemies of theirs. There was only one outcome if they encountered each other. They would fight to the death!

They could also cooperate with the Great Xi Clan. However, the Great Xi Clan’s previous betrayal or temporary withdrawal from the alliance were not the first choice for cooperation. In that case, working with the Muyas would be the best choice.

The Spiritual Race knew about the secret communication methods of the Muyas. Then, he would gather the strength of a portion of the Muyas and make a contribution. He would even gain a lot in the Heavenly Court.

If he could really make a contribution, if he could pass through the Southern Heavenly Gate, as long as his luck was not too bad, he would be able to gain a lot. No matter which it was, it would greatly increase his status in the Spiritual Race and even his cultivation.

Based on this consideration, Lang Xu, the captain of the Spiritual Race’s exploration team, decided to save the fleeing Officiant Kaedo the moment he saw him. With a wave of his hand, he led the two Planetary realms and eight quasi-planetary experts under him and rushed over.

Xu Tui’s surprise was indescribable. Actually, he suddenly had an idea when he saw this Spiritual Race team from afar and could not see them clearly. He had disguised himself and was being pursued!

It was only logical for them, a quasi-planetary and two planetary realms, to be chased after by the two Four and Five Satellites Guards controlled by Little Six and Kitawan. Then, he would take the opportunity to kill them.

Of course, if the other party did not fall for it, he would use force.

With the Four and Five Satellites of the Heavenly Court controlled by Little Six and Kitawan, Xu Tui was confident that he could take down this team. Of course, he would save as much strength as he could.

After all, the current restoration of mind power depended entirely on the Soul Crystals and the few mind power Origin Crystals.

Restoration by sleeping? Who would dare to sleep in this place where there were endless white clouds and no barriers, with guards of the Heavenly Court appearing at any time?

What surprised Xu Tui was that the Spiritual Race team in the distance was flying over. Clearly, he wanted to save them. No matter what their goal was, it was enough as long as they wanted to save them.

The two sides flew toward each other at an extremely fast speed. Under Xu Tui’s orders, Derry and Belas maintained a suitable distance from Little Six and Kitawan, who were disguised as pursuers.

Fifteen seconds later, the two sides approached. Lang Xu was the first to roar, “The officiant on the other side, come to our side and annihilate the enemy together! ”

“Okay!” Xu Tui responded in a panic. He flew to the side with Derry and Belas. The four quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race did not participate in the battle. Instead, they stared at Xu Tui, Derry, and Belas, who were on their flanks.

Lang Xu was still very cautious. Saving people was one thing. He had to be on guard before establishing a clear cooperation. At the same time, Lang Xu brought the other two Planetary realms and four quasi-planets and charged towards the Five Satellites and Four Satellites guards of the Heavenly Court.

Lang Xu’s expression turned cold the moment they came into contact. These two Heavenly Court guards were a little strong. They were much stronger than the captain of the Heavenly Court guards he had encountered previously.

However, Lang Xu did not think too much about it. Instead, he focused his mind and fought with all his might. With their strength, even if the two Heavenly Court guards opposite them were stronger, they could take them down without any damage..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1