Chapter 1426 - 1426: The Neglected Key And Kitawan’S Hope

Chapter 1426 - 1426: The Neglected Key and Kitawan’s Hope

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Little Six!” Xu Tui shouted softly. A boundless mind power instantly pounced out of the body of the Four Satellites Guard and landed in the body of Five Satellites captain who had just self-destructed.

Then, the captain of the Heavenly Court, who had just been killed by Xu Tui, moved clumsily.

Xu Tui understood that Little Six was fusing with the body of the captain. The fusion took a little longer.

The fusion time of the Three and Four Satellites of the Heavenly Court was about ten seconds. It took Little Six a full minute to become agile with the captain.

During the fusion process, Xu Tui also used his mind power to carefully sense the changes in the corpse of the captain of the guards. Due to the fact that Little Six had taken a longer time to fuse this time, Xu Tui made many discoveries through his careful perception.

The corpse of the captain of the Heavenly Court should be more exquisite than all the coroses of the Great Xi Clan that he had seen. The traces of man-made

were very obvious. This was especially so for the head structure. It was more like a mental body storage device. After the mental body inside exploded, Little Six’s mental body could enter seamlessly.

It was obvious that this was the key to reusing the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards.

Up until now, Xu Tui could not be sure what the threshold for reuse was. Did the creator have any special restrictions on the mental bodies that could fuse with the corpses of the guards of the Heavenly Court?

So far, there were no restrictions on Little Six’s integration. Or rather, there were restrictions. However, Little Six happened to meet the integration requirements.

If that was the case, thinking about the relationship between the guards of the Heavenly Court and the Great Xi Clan, he boldly speculated that the Great Xi Clan might be the guards of the Heavenly Court who had defected.

But then again, the owner of the small universe of the Heavenly Court had such strict control over the mental bodies of the guards of the Heavenly Court. How did they defect?

That seemed impossible. Or was the Great Xi Clan a replica of the guards of the Heavenly Court?

Xu Tui was puzzled. About a minute later, Little Six completely fused and controlled the corpse of the captain. The moment he completely controlled it, a small black token fell from the golden armor. In the middle of the token was the word ‘captain’.

“Xu Tui, this is the captain’s token. If his subordinates are still alive, I can order them around, ” Little Six said.

“Really?” Xu Tui was puzzled but also a little helpless. If he did not kill those subordinates, he would not be able to kill the captain. Now he killed the captain and obtained the token, but the captain would become an empty commander.

If he could control the captain, Xu Tui would have another group of soldiers under him.

Although these guards of the Heavenly Court were slightly weaker and clumsy, they were extremely effective when used as cannon fodder and when they cooperated with Xu Tui’s kite strategy.

“Little Six, did you obtain any useful information?” Xu Tui was looking forward to it.

What Xu Tui wanted to obtain the most was the map of this place from the corpse or the memories of the body. The terrain here in the Heavenly Court’s small universe was too torturous. There were white clouds in all directions. There was nothing to refer to. He could not even tell the direction clearly. He did not know if he had changed directions after making a slight turn.

“This captain’s physical memories did not give me any effective information.

However, there is one in this token!”

“Tell me about it.”

“First of all, there is a clear military system of the Heavenly Court here.”

In the military system of the Heavenly Court, starting from the captain, there were colonels, deputy generals, commanders, great commanders, and generals.

The captain had a total of 50 people under his command, including himself, it would be 51 people. The Colonel had six captains under his command, so there would be a total of 307 people.

The deputy general had six colonels under his command, so he had a total of 1,894 people and an additional personal guard team.

The commander had six colonels under his command, a total of 11,672 people and a school of personal guards.

The great commander had six commanders under his command, a total of 70,320 people under him, and 2,000 personal guards.

The general had four great commanders under his command. There were more than 20,000 personal guards in the headquarters. A general led an army of more than 300,000.

Southern Heavenly Gate!

Xu Tui was stunned. He was not surprised about the Southern Heavenly Gate. Actually, some myths and legends were not groundless. They could still be verified.

He was stunned by the number. There were 300,000 Heavenly soldiers in the south. It meant that there were at least 290,000 quasi-planets. If they were gathered together and set up a formation, they would be able to destroy a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Of course, this was only a theory. It was much more complicated to gather an army and attack together. Moreover, based on this number, how many Planetary realms were there?

Putting aside those below the Five Satellites, there were probably more than

6,000 people in the Five Satellites Planetary realm. There were also about 1,000 colonels in the Six Satellites. There were at least 170 deputy generals in the Seven Satellites, and there were about 30 commanders in the Eight Satellites.

If the great commander was in the Nine Satellites, what kind of cultivation would the general of the Southern Heavenly Gate have?

Peak of the Nine Satellites? Or a powerhouse above the peak of the Nine Satellites?

Such a lineup only made Xu Tui fearful.

That’s right. Under such a lineup, not to mention Xu Tui and the Great Xi Clan, even if he gathered all the strength of the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, and the Blue Star Humans, they would probably not be able to breach the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Of course, Xu Tui was only afraid of it.

This was only the lineup of the Southern Heavenly army at their peak. The current small universe of the Heavenly Court was the small universe of the Heavenly Court that had problems.

Then the question was, did the Southern Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court have so many armies?

Putting aside the army, if there were 20% to 30% of the high -level generals, they could not pass through the Southern Heavenly Gate. Not to mention entering the inner small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Similarly, there was another problem.

The small universe of the Heavenly Court was already so powerful and terrifying. Why was the person in charge back then, or rather, the humans of the Blue Star, forced to set up a Sun Guardian to this extent? Why was it weak to this extent? Everything was an enigma!

“Do you have a map?” Xu Tui asked.

Hearing this, Little Six shook his head. “There’s no map, but this captain token can point in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate.”

Xu Tui was delighted when he heard that. Then, he felt a little helpless. It was a good thing that he knew the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate. At the very least, he did not have to run around like a headless fly.

However, the problem was that the closer they got to the Southern Heavenly Gate, the more troops the Heavenly Court had.

With Xu Tui’s lineup, he would be able to fly a kite if he encountered a patrol team. If they encountered a colonel from the Heavenly Court, they would probably only be able to escape. At that time, Xu Tui might even have to lose his two subordinates, Derry and Belas. Only then would Xu Tui be able to escape with his teleportation.

However, it was better to know than not. At least he had a direction.

“What do you think of the combat strength of the captain’s body?” Xu Tui asked.

“It should be a level stronger than the Four Satellites. After I enter this body, the combat strength I can unleash will definitely be a little stronger than the original captain. This level-three captain armor has stronger defense. Even if I inject energy, it can block the attacks of ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. “It’s not a bad harvest. Unfortunately, you can’t clone yourself like Ah Huang. If you can clone like Ah Huang, I might be able to do whatever I want in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.”

Xu Tui sighed in pity. He casually picked up the corpses of the other guards of the Heavenly Court. Previously, Little Six had abandoned one. In this battle, Xu Tui had deliberately sealed the other two Four Satellites guards of the Heavenly Court and left behind their corpses.

Its use was also very simple. He just wanted to keep it for replacement.

If they encountered a battle in the future and the corpse of the captain of the Heavenly Court guards that Little Six was using was damaged, Little Six would be able to seamlessly take over the corpse of the Four Satellites and continue fighting.

As long as there were not many enemies, Little Six would be of great use. However, when he threw the corpses with Four Satellites into the quantum dimensional chain, Xu Tui scanned his own quantum dimensional chain with his mind power and suddenly froze.

Soul crystals.

It was a Soul Crystal that had been stored with a special mark after Xu Tui purified it. The reason for the special mark was that Kitawan’s mental body was sealed in this Soul Crystal. When he killed Kitawan back then, Kitawan did not say anything in despair because his mental body was about to dissipate.

However, Xu Tui gave him a way out. The purified Soul Crystal had pure mind power within it. It could nourish the mental body and allow Kitawan’s mental body to exist for a long time. He sealed him in.

Xu Tui’s original plan was to keep Kitawan’s mental body so that he could continue to pursue the traitor in the future. At the same time, he would testify against Itavi at the right time. Not only did he have to kill Itavi, but he also had to ruin his reputation.

He had already killed Itavi by chance.

Kitawan’s mental body was sealed in the Soul Crystal. If Xu Tui had not seen it today, he would have forgotten the existence of Kitawan’s mental body.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he saw this Soul Crystal. “Little Six, do you think the mental bodies of the others can enter the bodies of the Heavenly Court guards and control them?” Xu Tui asked.

“This,” Little Six hesitated. He did not know this either. “Do you have such a mental body? You can try.” “Do you remember Kitawan?”

“I remember. Try it.”

A minute later, when Xu Tui took out the sealed Kitawan’s Soul Crystal and probed it with his mind power, Kitawan almost cried. He finally remembered him! He thought that Xu Tui had forgotten about him.

This eternal silence was even more terrifying than death. It was too lonely. There were a few times when he had the thought of death. With this mentality, he was overjoyed when Xu Tui contacted him again. He was very obedient to whatever Xu Tui asked him to do.

In the next moment, Kitawan’s mental body crawled out of the Soul Crystal and into the corpse of the guard in front of him. Perhaps it was because of the nourishment of the Soul Crystal, but Kitawan’s mental injuries had long recovered. His aura was very full.

The moment he crawled out, Kitawan, who had seen the light of day again, would definitely cry if he had a physical body.

It was not easy!

“Little Six, give me some guidance.”

Little Six, who had possessed the body of the Five Satellites captain, began to contact Kitawan with his consciousness.

Ten seconds.

Thirty seconds.

Soon, a minute passed. Xu Tui could sense Kitawan’s mental body moving in the body of the Four Satellites Planetary realm guard. However, he could not control the corpse of the guard at all.

He can’t?

Xu Tui was a little disappointed. He had originally thought that if Kitawan could control the corpses of the Four Satellites Planetary realm guard, he would have another great help under him.

This was the combat power of a Four Satellites Planetary realm. However, that did not seem possible now.

Xu Tui had no choice but to get Kitawan to come out and seal him back into the Soul Crystal. He was prepared to throw him into the quantum dimensional chain.

Kitawan, who had only obtained two minutes of freedom, became anxious. He was about to cry. “Xu Tui, no. Give me some more time. I’ll try. I might be able to control this corpse.”

Kitawan was really anxious. That eternal loneliness was ten times or a hundred times more terrifying than jail! He would rather die.

Xu Tui was speechless. No means no. It was useless no matter how many times he tried. However, Little Six suddenly said, “Xu Tui, we might have overlooked a key point.”

“What key?”

Little Six waved the token in his hand..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1