Chapter 1421 - 1421: The Great Xi Clan That I Have Never Seen

Chapter 1421 - 1421: The Great Xi Clan That I Have Never Seen

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The four top experts each threw out a dice and rolled towards the stargate without the interference of mind power.

Everyone stared intently at the dice.

The first dice that flew into the stargate was thrown by Shang Long. His luck did not seem to be too good. The moment the dice rolled into the vortex of the stargate, everyone saw three points.

Three points.

He would definitely not be the first to enter. However, be it Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, or Shang Long, they heaved a sigh of relief when they saw this number. It was good that he was not first. According to the information of the Muyas, there might be Muyas in the small universe. That meant that the first team to enter might be in a very dangerous situation. Therefore, it was best if he was not first.

However, not many people knew about this information. On the Blue Star’s side, the leaders of several alliances were a little disappointed. They were not the first. Of course, they did not dare to show it. Shang Long had already displayed his dominance and inflexibility when he targeted the Lord of Myths, Ullr, more than ten days ago.

Unconvinced? No problem! You can express different opinions, but you have to carry out his opinion.

Not willing to execute it? Alright, he would think about it after you receive a strike.

The second to fly into the Stargate was the dice that Xiliude had thrown. It had two points. Xiliude looked disappointed.

Gu Ji of the Great Xi Clan threw out five points. This number made the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan cheer on the spot.

The main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, only threw one point. His old face instantly darkened.

However, in terms of order, it was nothing. This was because the four parties had agreed on a batch. The upper limit of the number of people passing through at once was three Planetary realms and ten quasi-planetary realms. Then, four families would take turns to enter.

The difference was just the entry of the first team. It did not have much of an impact in other aspects. From this point of view, the first team to enter might be the one to take on beating. It would not be good for the first team to snatch the first place.

It was obvious that the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan were cheering, but the expression of the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, was not relaxed.

Xu Tui made a bold guess. Did Gu Ji know something like Xiliude?

“Alright, a team from each family will enter in an orderly manner.”

The first team to enter was from the Great Xi Clan. Gu Ji was very careful with the first team. After giving a few instructions, a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse led the team. He brought two Planetary realm powerhouses and ten quasi-planetary realm powerhouses and rushed into the vortex stargate, instantly disappearing.

The second one to enter was from the Blue Star. However, before that, there was a small interlude on the Blue Star’s side. Who would enter first? Even Shang Long could not suppress this problem.

The old method was to throw a dice. In the end, the American Sector won first place. Haren led his men in first. Then, it was the Muyas and the Spiritual Race. Other than the Great Xi Clan, the first team sent by the Muya and the Spiritual Race was led by Six Satellites Planetary realm experts. They were very powerful.

Xu Tui’s team had not had their turn yet. Perhaps it was to minimize the impact of the order, but the teams entered very quickly.

Basically, a team would enter every 30 seconds.

Cai Shaochu entered during the fourth round. As the captain of the Muyas, Xu Tui was the last team to enter. The reason was very simple. They were the weakest. Xu Tui was also a quasi-planet.

However, Bishop Xiliude chose Xu Tui as the captain and led the team in because Kaedo was a little tricky. Kaedo had displayed his outstanding combat strength twice in a row. He had the combat strength to fight against Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

If they encountered other races, the other party would think that Kaedo was a quasi-planet and let their guard down. However, Kaedo was a tiger with the skin of a pig.

In the sky, Bishop Xiliude watched as Officiant Kaedo disappeared with a group of team members at the vortex stargate of this small universe. He had an expectant expression. He was looking forward to the pit that was Officiant Kaedo. How many battle results would it bring him?

It should be a trap for the enemy, right? Bishop Xiliude’s face was filled with anticipation.

After Xu Tui’s team entered, there were only the teams of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race behind them. The speed at which they entered became extremely fast. In the end, a total of 110 Planetary realm powerhouses and 260 quasi-planets entered.

“Everyone, should we seal it?” Bishop Xiliude asked.

“Seal it!”

With that, the four strongest experts of the four families each waved their power. In the form of a seal, they landed on the vortex stargate layer by layer and enveloped it. This was to prevent which side from secretly sending more people in.

They were mainly guarding against the Blue Star. This was because the power of the Blue Star in the solar system was endless. After the seal was completed, the forces returned to their respective palaces and waited quietly.

It all depended on when someone could come out.

Xu Tui rushed in with a thick holy light when he stepped into the Vortex Stargate. If there was really an enemy behind the vortex stargate, they would not be able to take it. Or would the enemy’s team that had entered earlier ambush them?

Xu Tui immediately activated his mind power after he rushed in. There was no one within the radius of his mind power.

It was safe!

Then, Xu Tui was shocked. This was because the energy here was shockingly dense. He felt that when he took a deep breath, there was Origin Energy in his lungs.

5.0!

The natural energy concentration was at least 5.0. It was more than twice that of Planet Kono and Ceres. Moreover, the area in front of him was very vast. The concentration of energy scattered like this was about 5.0. What about those natural places where energy gathered? Wouldn’t the concentration of energy have to be eight or even ten?

If he used his energy gathering array, the concentration of energy might reach more than 20. The concentration of energy above 20 was ten times that of Planet Kono. Cultivating here was much, much faster.

To put it bluntly, a pig that did not know how to cultivate would naturally be immersed in it after staying for three months. It would probably be able to evolve and mutate. And what if he cultivated here?

Xu Tui instantly understood the importance of a small universe. It was simply a holy land for cultivation.

If there was an energy gathering array, the cultivation speed would be ten times faster.

If they occupied this place for a few months or a few years, wouldn’t experts, especially quasi -planetary experts and Transmutation Realm experts, appear like bamboo shoots after the rain?

It took Xu Tui two seconds to find the original quantum frequency of the mountains and water here. He could fight now. The original quantum frequency of the mountains and water here seemed to be more integrated.

“Where are we going, Sir?” Derry asked.

Xu Tui looked around and spread out his mind power. The situation at the entrance of this small universe was a little strange. He could not see a clear distinction between the sky and land. It was more like the void. A large number of clouds floated in the air. There was no sun or land.

“Little Six, does it feel familiar?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not at the moment. I’ve been locked up for thousands of years…” Little Six’s voice was filled with emotion.

Suddenly, the vortex stargate behind Xu Tui and the others fluctuated again. A team from the other races was about to enter. From this point of view, this entrance was not randomly teleported. All the teams had come here and explored into the distance.

“Let’s go. Defense posture.”

The other teams were about to enter. Xu Tui led the team and casually chose a direction. They flew over in a defensive formation. In less than three seconds, another team from the Spiritual Race entered.

However, this team did not have the same confused expression as Xu Tui. Instead, they took out a jade talisman and began to explore. A few seconds later, a look of joy appeared on his face. He then quickly left.

There were no reference objects in the white clouds. Xu Tui and the others could only fly in one direction. Less than ten minutes into the flight, there was suddenly the sound of air being torn apart and a large number of streams of light gushing over from ahead.

As Xu Tui gave the order to be on guard, dozens of streams of light instantly surrounded Xu Tui and the others.

Xu Tui frowned when he got closer and saw who it was. It was the Great Xi Clan. The people surrounding them were actually from the Great Xi Clan!

However, Xu Tui’s expression changed the next moment.. No, the Great Xi Clan that was surrounding him was not the Great Xi Clan that he had seen before!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1