Chapter 1424 - 1424: An Interesting Plan

Chapter 1424 - 1424: An Interesting Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Little Six only brushed past the Three Satellites Planetary realm guard of the Heavenly Court. Energy surged slightly, and three things appeared in front of him.

There was a golden helmet, golden armor, and a fist-sized hexagonal energy block. This hexagonal energy block was taken out from the chest of the Heavenly Court guard.

This made Xu Tui’s gaze shift. This was a little different from the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui was extremely familiar with the situation of the Great Xi Clan. There were also two vital points in the body of the Great Xi Clan. One was the mental body, and the other was the energy core. It was a little similar to the Mechanical Spirit Race.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly thought of something. The

Mechanical Spirit Race was a little similar to the Great Xi Clan both internally and externally. However, in terms of overall combat strength, the Mechanical Spirit Race was much weaker.

So in terms of the internal and external structure, what kind of connection did the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the guards of the Heavenly Court have?

For example, this hexagonal energy block was embedded in the heart of the Heavenly Court guards as a source of energy.

However, in the Great Xi Clan, it was used as a source for energy restoration. The Mechanical Spirit Race also had an energy core, but the energy core was not hexagonal.

Xu Tui was certain that there was definitely an extraordinary connection between the Great Xi Clan, the guards of the Heavenly Court, and the Mechanical Spirit Race.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race was related to the Spiritual Race.

“Little Six, how could you take it off?” Xu Tui asked in shock.

Behind Xu Tui, be it Derry, Belas, or the two surviving quasi-planets, they were all extremely shocked by the sudden movement of the Heavenly Court guards. Moreover, from Xu Tui’s conversation, he seemed to be a living person.

“It’s like this. After I entered this guard’s body, I seemed to have a physical memory. In your words, you can understand this as an authority. I feel that this body has some kind of control rights. I’ll have it after I try it out,” Little Six said.

“Authority?” Xu Tui pointed at the corpse of the Five Satellites Planetary realm captain. “Try this.”

“That might not work.” Little Six shook his head, but he still walked toward the corpse of the Planetary realm captain. He placed his palm on it. Energy surged, but there was no reaction. Then, under the gazes of Xu Tui and the others, Little Six walked past the corpses of the other Planetary realms and quasi-planets.

As long as it touched the corpses of the guards of the Heavenly Court below Four Satellites, the energy cores of the golden helmet, golden armor, and hexagonal diamond would automatically fall off.

After circling around, Little Six obtained 47 sets of armor and 47 energy cores on the spot.

“These two won’t do?” Xu Tui pointed at the corpses of the Four and Five Satellites.

“The memories that my body gave me don’t have authority. If I want to remove the equipment of the Four Satellites guards of the Heavenly Court, I should need the authority of the Five Satellites captain,” Little Six said.

“Then try and see if you can enter the body of the Five Satellites captain and take over his body,” Xu Tui asked.

“I can’t.” Little Six shook his head. “Firstly, their head cores have exploded.

Secondly, it should be related to the self-destruction program of the Heavenly Court guards. In my few memories, these Heavenly Court guards can be reused after the self-destruction program is activated.”

“Reused?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“That’s right. As long as the corpses of these Heavenly Court guards are still there, as long as their bodies are not too damaged, a lively Heavenly Court guard will be able to come out not long after they return to the Heavenly Court’s military camp,” Little Six said.

“Where did the mental body come from?” This was Xu Tui’s greatest doubt.

“I don’t know.” Little Six shook his head.

Little Six’s answer made Xu Tui suddenly think of another question. Was this the reason why the true combat strength of these guards was very ordinary?

Xu Tui had already sensed it in the previous battle. These Heavenly Court guards had very powerful auras. Five, Four, and Three Satellites, they had extremely pure Planetary realm auras. However, they were a little clumsy in battle.

Actually, they were not clumsy. For example, the captain of Five Satellites was slower than the true Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse in all aspects. Therefore, the strength of the captain of Five Satellites was slightly weaker than a true expert of the Five Satellites.

Even though it was not the difference between a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race and other Planetary realm powerhouses, it was not small.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui could win this battle.

Overall, the strongest captain with Five Satellites was only slightly stronger than the peak of Four Satellites.

Xu Tui’s forte was speed. He teleported and flew a kite, killing them in one wave. Otherwise, it would be very difficult. Not to mention anything else, even if Belas brought ten cannon fodder, they would not be able to withstand it.

In front of everyone, energy surged in Little Six’s palm. He violently broke through the chests of the captain and the other guard and removed the hexagonal energy cores from their chests.

“This thing should be very useful to me. I can use it to replenish the energy consumption of this body during battle until it is completely damaged,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui felt a little regretful. It would have been good if he had taken the risk to capture this Five Satellites Planetary realm captain just now. Then, Little Six would have been able to obtain more rights.

At the same time, they had a direction to explore.

That’s right. The direction to explore.

This was the question that Xu Tui considered the most.

Xu Tui communicated with Little Six directly with his consciousness. He wanted to know if these guards had a topographic map of the small universe of the Heavenly Court or any other relevant information about the Heavenly Court.

Currently, he was certain that these Heavenly Court guards could be controlled. However, the key to controlling it was to obtain the seal of the Heavenly Court.

Unfortunately, Little Six did not know much about this. The seal of the Heavenly Court was a very general concept. In fact, there should be more than one seal. For example, this captain with Five Satellites could control a small team of patrolling guards after obtaining his authority.

However, the captain did not have a seal.

But what about above? The higher-ups should have the corresponding seals. If they obtained them, they would be able to control the corresponding troops.

If he could obtain the seal of their general that the guards of the Heavenly Court had mentioned previously, did that mean that Xu Tui could command and control the tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of guards of the Heavenly Court in the southern army of the Heavenly Court?

In that case, he should have occupied the small universe of the Heavenly Court to a certain extent.

After figuring this out, Xu Tui understood the main point of this exploration. His first goal was to obtain the seal related to the Heavenly Court. The functions of these seals were different. But the information now was limited.

Currently, the seal that could control the guards of the Heavenly Court was the most valuable. After confirming the target’s direction, another problem was placed in front of Xu Tui.

Power!

Xu Tui’s team was too weak.

Two Planetary realms, Xu Tui, and 10 quasi-planetary experts, of which eight of the 10 quasi-planetary experts had already died in battle. This was even when they encountered a small wave of patrol teams from the Heavenly Court.

In theory, Xu Tui would encounter a large number of elite guards from the Heavenly Court if he wanted to obtain the seal of the general.

Xu Tui was not afraid of the number of guards in the Heavenly Court. He could teleport and escape the encirclement of the other party’s military forces. However, the captain-level guards had the strength of Five Satellites.

Xu Tui did not know about the military system of the Heavenly Court. He roughly calculated that there were at least three to five levels from a captain to a general.

Level by level.

A general was probably a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Even the officers below a general were at the least in the Seven or Eight Satellites. Even if it was because of some kind of control, the Seven Satellites of the Heavenly Court definitely had the strength of the Six Satellites. Could Xu Tui do it?

He could not win!

Moreover, no matter what level of general he was, he was definitely not an empty commander.

He had a target, and he also found the difficulty. Basically, it was impossible for Xu Tui to successfully explore and obtain the control seal with his personal strength. So how could he solve this problem?

The solution to this problem was not difficult. It was to increase one’s strength. However, no matter what method he used, he could not quickly increase his strength in a short period of time.

There was only one way to solve this problem—to find help!

Xu Tui had two choices if he wanted to find help. The first was to find the team that the Muyas had entered in the early stages to help. The second was to find the Huaxia team from the Blue Star Humans to help.

However, this process requires a lot of effort. They would definitely have to fight a portion of the elites of the Heavenly Court’s defense army. If they fought to the death, there would definitely be deaths and injuries.

Xu Tui could not bear to let the Huaxia team fight to the death.

So who should he ask for help? Without a doubt, he should have asked the Muyas for help.

Xu Tui would not feel any heartache if a Muya died in battle during this process. He might even be a little happy.

Not only that, Xu Tui even thought of more. To a certain extent, the Muyas had a cooperation alliance with the Spiritual Race, right? If he encountered a powerful enemy, should he pull the Spiritual Race over to help? Did the strongest expert that the Muyas had sent in this time, Neff, have a way to contact the Spiritual Race?

Xu Tui instantly thought of many plans. These plans seemed to be very interesting to implement. Xu Tui was looking forward to it. However, before he implemented the plan, he had to deal With two hidden dangers.

In the next moment, Xu Tui looked at Derry, Belas, and the two Muyas.

Xu Tui casually picked out four sets of golden armor from the guards of the Heavenly Court. However, he only held them in his hand and did not reward them. His mind power moved slightly. He used his consciousness to send an order to Derry and Belas.

In the next moment, Derry and Belas attacked without any warning. One pounced a Muya quasi-planet!

There was no suspense in the outcome. These two quasi-planets did not understand what was going on. They were killed by the two of them. Of course, their corpses would definitely be refined into blood crystals and soul crystals by these two.

Yes, wonderful!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1