Chapter 1429 - 1429: Pandora Box And Choice (2)

Chapter 1429 - 1429: Pandora Box and Choice (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Most importantly, he had to be fast.

It would be f*cking exciting if another patrol team from the Heavenly Court came out during the process of settling the matter.

Just as Lang Xu was leading his men to fight Little Six and Kitawan, Xu Tui looked at the four quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race staring at them. He suddenly pouted at Derry and Belas.

Without any warning, the two Planetary realm experts, Derry and Belas, pounced towards the four quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race.

Due to the fact that they were wearing the standard armor of the Heavenly Court, their defense had greatly increased. Derry and Belas gave up on other defenses and directly killed the enemy.

In an instant, two quasi-planets were killed by Derry and Belas. In fact, when these two quasi-planets of the Spiritual Race were killed, the other two quasi-planets of the Spiritual Race had yet to react.

They did not understand why this remnant of the Muya army would attack them. This made no sense. Were they courting death? However, they could not understand this logic even until they died.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer floated above his head and instantly disappeared. He used the energy teleportation of the quantum dimensional chain.

In the next moment, the mental hammer suddenly appeared above the head of the Four Satellites Planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race, Feng Ran, who was fighting Kitawan. It suddenly smashed down.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer could not severely injure a supernatural being of the Spiritual Race who was known for his mind power. However, it would not have any problems affecting him. It only caused the other party’s mental body to tremble violently for an extremely short moment.

And that was enough!

Kitawan took advantage of the situation to attack. The energy rays were like knives. In an instant, he slashed eight times, each strike hitting the vital points of Feng Ran’s neck. With a series of slashes, he broke through Feng Ran’s defense and killed him on the spot.

This was because of Xu Tui’s instructions. Otherwise, it would have shattered Feng Ran’s head instead of beheading him.

Xu Tui instantly disappeared. The moment Feng Ran’s head flew up, he appeared near Feng Ran’s head. The ice seal easily froze Feng Ran’s head into an ice lump.

Even though Feng Ran was a supernatural being and his cultivation strength was mainly focused on his head, the sudden loss of his physical body and the panic of being beheaded also greatly reduced his strength and easily sealed him.

This scene happened in a flash.

Lang Xu, who was fighting Little Six, was stunned. What the f*ck was going

Lang Xu was really a little confused! It did not make sense! It made no sense at all. The Muyas were a quasi-planetary and two One Satellite Planetary realms. They should join forces with them, not stab them in the back.

At the very least, they should wait until they dealt with the two powerful guards of the Heavenly Court. It would not be too late for them to stab them in the back. Would he not be afraid of being pursued by the guards of the Heavenly Court if he did this?

In an instant, while Lang Xu was stunned, many thoughts appeared in his mind. However, Xu Tui’s attack, the mental hammer and the ice seal, had already arrived. The mental hammer did not cause him much trouble. It only caused his mental body to tremble slightly. He was even less afraid of the ice seal.

He also played with water. When he played with water, he could use ice.

Xu Tui’s ice seal shattered on the spot as the water light swept past. Little Six, who had transformed into the captain of the Heavenly Court behind him, was held back by him with another water chain.

“I don’t know why you did this, but you will definitely regret it!” Lang Xu sneered. More than a dozen waves had already blasted toward Xu Tui like dragons. The moment it pounced over, the flood dragon had already turned into an ice dragon. It instantly froze. “I can play ice too!” Lang Xu sneered.

There was a hint of disdain at the corner of Xu Tui’s mouth.

Xu Tui instantly disappeared under Lang Xu’s cold smile. In the next moment, Xu Tui, who had appeared not far away, instantly became a giant that was almost 30 feet tall.

The Earth Body!

He took a step forward. Countless earth spikes that were agile as poisonous snakes pierced through the clouds and wrapped around Lang Xu.

Lang Xu’s expression changed. A strange look appeared in his eyes. The Officiant of the Muya in front of him was so strange. He knew mental attacks, water-type techniques, and teleportation. He also knew earth-element supernatural abilities and had an abnormality.

It was too much.

Even him, a Five Satellites, was not that abnormal!

Rings of ice appeared around Lang Xu and continuously destroyed the earth spikes that were entangling him. However, the earth spikes seemed to be endless. Although it did not trap him, it had actually trapped him in place.

Xu Tui sneered. The Mountain Seal blasted down.

Lang Xu raised his hand up. Countless water lights surged and covered his body, turning him into an ice giant. Under the bombardment of the Mountain Seal, the ice armor on his body cracked inch by inch, but he was fine.

However, countless earth spikes took advantage of this opportunity to wrap around him. The Ice Armor instantly changed its form and collapsed.

Lang Xu escaped. However, at this moment, his body suddenly trembled. An energy spear had already pierced through his chest. The moment blood gushed out, the energy spear instantly exploded, directly exploding his heart. It also exploded until he let out a scream.

The earth spikes continued to shuttle and attack. They directly exploded below Lang Xu’s chest with Little Six, who had escaped.

The moment Little Six struck Lang Xu’s head, the ice seal continued to surge out.

In the next moment, Lang Xu was frozen into an ice lump..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1