Chapter 1423 - 1423: Little Six’S Surprise

Chapter 1423: Little Six’s Surprise

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui felt that when his mind power began to cut into the mental body of the guard in the state of spiritual radiation, it was as if he had touched a switch.

Bang!

He felt that the mental body of the guard of the Heavenly Court had suddenly exploded.

It was gone.

As soon as his mental body exploded, there was no more spirit in the body of the guard. There were still energy fluctuations in his body, but he had become a walking corpse.

Xu Tui was stunned. His original intention was to use spiritual radiation, advanced hypnosis, and other methods to obtain the memory images in the body of this guard and obtain the information he needed. He had to at least have some understanding of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

As long as he had some understanding of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, his subsequent actions would be much easier. Unfortunately, it did not go according to his wishes.

Xu Tui looked at the other guard captive cautiously. Was the situation of the captive just now an exception? Or was it the same for everyone?

Even controlling his mental body indirectly was met with such intense resistance. Xu Tui did not think that the interrogation would have any effect. Was the control of the ancestors of the Huaxia Humans over these guards of the Heavenly Court that terrifying?

Xu Tui thought about it and looked at the Four Satellites Guard of the Heavenly Court who were constantly struggling inside. He did not take the risk to release them.

At close range, the power of Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses was very terrifying.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power entered it and began to communicate with his consciousness.

“Who are you?”

“I am a guard of the Heavenly Court. The Southern Army Corps Number 156,670. Damn invaders, let me go quickly. When the general comes, I can ask him to spare your life.”

Xu Tui was overjoyed when he heard that. They could communicate. It was a good thing to be able to communicate.

“Who is the general?” “The general is the general!” “Where is the general?”

“The general is in the military camp.” “What is the general’s strength?”

“The general is very strong!”

Xu Tui became depressed after asking more than a dozen questions. It felt like he was asking a fool. All the questions would be answered, but the answers were worthless. He felt that all of this guy’s answers seemed to have been set by someone.

The word “set” instantly shocked Xu Tui.

The Great Xi Clan!

Xu Tui suddenly thought of something. Perhaps it was a mistake for Xu Tui to kill the captain of the guards. Based on the current basic judgment, the captain of the guards should have more rights and know more. Perhaps he could ask something.

Since he could not get anything out of him, the captive in front of him was worthless. He activated his spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation and tried to invade the mental body of the guard again.

Bang!

The mental body of the guard exploded as expected.

Xu Tui was silent. Was this a procedural situation?

“Sir, these golden armors and helmets seem to be connected to their bodies. They can’t be removed.” Derry and Belas reported with bitter expressions. They could not remove the armor from the captain no matter what.

The ice dissipated. Two Heavenly Court guards with energy fluctuations inside but no spiritual fluctuations appeared in front of Xu Tui. The energy fluctuations inside were very powerful, but they were already corpses.

At this moment, Xu Tui thought of Ah Huang and Lavis. He wondered if he could use the corpses of these Heavenly Court guards to increase his strength.

As for Ah Huang, Xu Tui was thinking of another possibility. Ah Huang also had a spirit now. He wondered if it could control the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards.

The reason why he thought this way was that the previous performances of these guards of the Heavenly Court were a little procedural.

“Xu Tui, I’ll exist in this form for the time being. I can try when I encounter the enemy later. I feel that I can mobilize the energy in these Origin Crystals.” Little Six’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. Little Six, who was hosting the snow cat, squatted quietly in front of Xu Tui. He acted cute and looked like he was begging.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. “Little Six, try and see if your mental body can enter the bodies of these two Heavenly Court guards.”

“Them? I don’t know either, but there are no more mental bodies in their bodies. I might be able to try.” Little Six was puzzled. His mental body slowly spread out from the snow cat’s body and entered the body of the guard.

“If you discover any restrictions in the body of this guard, withdraw immediately,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Don’t worry. I’m a little noisy, but I’m not stupid!”

Thirty seconds later, under the shocked gazes of Derry, Belas, and the others, the Four Satellites Planetary realm guard suddenly moved his body clumsily. In just ten seconds, he became extremely agile.

“Xu Tui, I can control the body of the guard of the Heavenly Court. I feel that as long as I have enough energy, I can even continue to fight,” Little Six said.

“Hm, let’s try.”

A minute later, the results were out.

Little Six controlled the body of the guard of the and could move flexibly. However, in terms of attack, he could only use weapons or the energy rays in his eyes to attack. He had no other methods and could not change his form.

In the next moment, Little Six waved his hand, and the snow cat landed on his shoulder, instantly forming a layer of Ice Shield.

“This way, I will have a way to defend myself. This is the corpse of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. I should be able to barely unleash the attack power of Four Satellites. It might be slightly inferior. But it’s alright.” Little Six kept gesturing.

Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised when he heard that. The sudden addition of Four Satellites was a great help to him. Then, just as he was about to deal with the corpse of the Three Satellites Planetary realm guard in his hand, Little Six suddenly said, “Wait a moment.”

In the next moment, he felt Little Six’s powerful mind power jump into the corpse of the Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse in his hand. Ten seconds later, the corpse of the Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse began to move freely in his hands. He was very familiar with attacking and defending.

Even though the methods were very simple,

Little Six, who had just familiarized himself with the bodies of the two Heavenly Court guards, had already begun to jump around in their bodies. One moment, he would control the Four Satellites, and the other moment, he would control the Three Satellites.

This surprised and delighted Xu Tui. Unfortunately, he could not control them at the same time. Otherwise, he would have made a killing.

Little Six could only control the corpse of a Heavenly Court guard. However, this was also very awesome. If one of the Heavenly Court guards was destroyed, Little Six would immediately be able to take over the other one seamlessly.

It made Xu Tui click his tongue in surprise.

In the next moment, Little Six, who had jumped back into the body of the Four Satellites Planetary realm guard, suddenly walked towards the corpse of the other Three Planetary realm expert whose head had exploded.

When he placed his palm on it, three things appeared in Little Six’s hand..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1