Chapter 1427 - 1427: Encountering The Spiritual Race

Chapter 1427 - 1427: Encountering the Spiritual Race

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under the control of the captain possessed by Little Six, energy surged into the captain token. A clear light shot out from the token and enveloped the bodies of the Four Satellites Planetary realm guards.

“Try again now. Tell me how you feel.” Little Six’s voice sounded.

Kitawan’s mental body drilled into the body of the guard again. Suddenly, his voice became surprised. “Under the cover of this clear light, the resistance of this corpse’s head to my mental body suddenly disappeared.”

Xu Tui was stunned.

That worked too.

In less than 20 seconds, the corpse of the guard that Kitawan’s mental body had entered suddenly moved like a normal person. It became more and more agile. Then, Kitawan’s voice sounded. This time, it was the voice of the guard of the Heavenly Court. “It’s done. I can control it.”

There was a hint of tears in Kitawan’s voice. It was almost like tears of joy. He really did not want to return to the Soul Crystal and be sealed. Being sealed in the Soul Crystal meant that he was in jail. The cell, which was Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain, was as dead as a scene for ten thousand years.

“Try attacking and defending,” Xu Tui said.

Kitawan responded. Under Little Six’s guidance, he quickly mobilized the energy in his chest and body to defend and attack. At first, he was not used to it. But soon, the corpse of the guard controlled by Kitawan became fierce.

He used the same energy attacks and defense techniques. There were even traces of fire-type supernatural techniques. He could not activate fire-type supernatural abilities, but he could use the energy blocks in the bodies of the guard to attack in the form of fire-type supernatural beings.

“Lord… Xu Tui, I feel that this attack is very sharp. It’s just that the energy blocks are being consumed a little too quickly,” Kitawan said after he felt it.

“You can try controlling the energy block to absorb energy. The energy core in this corpse can directly use its body to absorb the ubiquitous energy to replenish its energy consumption.” Little Six was already playing rather well. “Lord Six. I can reDlenish the enercv. but mv sDeed is a little slow. I can’t engage in a long period of high-intensity battles.” Kitawan was definitely an elite among elites since he could become Itavi’s disciple. He had already mastered it.

Xu Tui casually threw 10 quasi-planetary energy blocks to Kitawan. “Use this to replenish your energy in an emergency.”

Kitawan heaved a sigh of relief. He could finally obtain temporary freedom.

“Then can Kitawan change his body?” Xu Tui asked.

“It should be possible. It’s within the control rights of this captain token.”

“Under Five Satellites?”

“Try it.”

Three minutes later, the test was basically clear. As long as he had the help of the captain token, Kitawan could quickly switch bodies.

After familiarizing himself with it in advance, he could also switch instantly. However, after familiarizing himself with it, Kitawan said, “Sir, I feel that I seem to have an inexplicable control or restriction on the clear light in the captain token, especially after I entered the interior of the corpse of this guard.

“It’s normal.”

Xu Tui also understood now. The person-in-charge of the Heavenly Court had extremely sharp control over these guards. It was normal for a superior to control his subordinates. “By the way, can Kitawan control the corpse of the captain?” Xu Tui raised a new question.

“He can try.”

r

lWvo minutes later, the experiment failed.

After Little Six retreated from the corpse of the captain, he allowed Kitawan to try to control the corpse of the captain, including giving the captain token to Kitawan. Kitawan could not control the corpse of the captain.

From this, Xu Tui came to a conclusion.

Little Six should have its own uniqueness. It was not that anyone’s mental body could control the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards to fight after entering the corpses. There must be a powerful restriction.

This could be seen from the fact that Kiwanta could not control the corpses of the captain even with the captain token. Even if Kitawan was controlling the corpse of an ordinary Planetary realm guard, he still needed the help of the token.

In that case, from this, it could be deduced that not everyone’s mental body could directly attach to the corpse of the Heavenly Court guard and control it. Or it was because of Little Six’s background. His mental body had some branding and he could control at will. Or there were unknown restrictions, but Little Six happened to meet these conditions.

However, he still needed more samples to figure out these conditions.

At this point, Xu Tui was relieved.

Little Six possessed a Five Satellites Planetary realm, and Kitawan possessed a Four Satellites Planetary realm. Under the control of their external mental bodies and their singular attack and defense, they could only be stronger than the Four and Five Satellites guards of the Heavenly Court.

If they encountered the Four and Five Satellites guards of other races, their combat strength would definitely be weaker at the same level.

Still, he had a Four Satellites guard and Five Satellites guard.

If Xu Tui encountered a team from another race, these two guys might be able to fight them.

Moreover, Little Six and Kitawan were not just Four and Five Satellites. If he used them well on the battlefield, Xu Tui would be able to throw out at least three Four Satellites and Five Satellites and let them seamlessly participate in the battle.

If they continued to explore and accumulated a few more rounds of corpses, their combat strength would be even stronger. It would be too satisfying to use the kite strategy for a battle of attrition.

Xu Tui even thought that it would be much better if he could get a Six Satellites Colonel for Little Six to control.

However, it was just a thought.

If he encountered a colonel, he would have to face the attacks of a Six Satellites, six Five Satellites, and 60 Planetary realm powerhouses with different cultivation levels.

At this scale, Xu Tui would definitely not have a chance to fly a kite. Even teleportation was extremely difficult. Xu Tui would be finished if he stayed for an instant and was focused on by the other party’s team.

Then, Xu Tui tried to contact him again. He still could not contact Neff.

However, he could maintain a certain level of contact with Cai Shaochu.

What stunned Xu Tui was that Cai Shaochu and the others were running for their lives. They encountered the team of a colonel. Even a luxurious lineup like Cai Shaochu, Ruan Tianzuo, and Pei Tiefeng could only escape in a sorry state.

The only guarantee was that the three powerful Planetary realms could guarantee the safety of the quasi-planetary realms under them.

Xu Tui gave up on the possibility of joining forces with Cai Shaochu after he thought about it. In the short term, if Xu Tui gave up on his identity as a spy and joined forces with Cai Shaochu, he might be able to take down a Six Satellites colonel and use it to increase his strength.

However, it was not worth it in the medium to long term. If Xu Tui’s current identity was used well, he would definitely benefit greatly. This was especially so since he was certain that there were still unknown secrets.

This was especially so for the Holy Light Ball that Bishop Xiliude had given him before he left. He still had not figured out the function of it. Xu Tui even felt that Bishop Xiliude might have an additional explanation for Neff.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui set off again with a group of people. According to the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate that Little Six had obtained, he slowly approached in a circle. He did not dare to get too close.

If he got too close and charged into the army, Xu Tui would probably only be able to escape if he encountered a colonel, let alone a general.

Thanks to this careful approach, Xu Tui and the others encountered two teams of patrolling guards from the Heavenly Court in the next hour. With the addition of Little Six and Kitawan, the two patrol teams became abnormally easy to defeat.

Little Six could suppress the other party’s captain and beat him up, while

Kitawan could suppress the other party’s Planetary realm experts. In fact, the Four Satellites guard controlled by Kitawan could temporarily restrain the captain and create a chance for Little Six to start a massacre.

Xu Tui also discovered a characteristic.

Little Six, who was holding the captain token, could actually intimidate the guards of the Heavenly Court below the level of captain. With the captain token, a shout could make these Heavenly Court guards tremble on the spot and create an opportunity.

In an hour, he obtained a large number of energy blocks again. There were two more corpses of Five Satellites captain and four Four Satellites guards in Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain. Xu Tui was no longer interested in the corpses of the Three Satellites.

Unfortunately, Kitawan could not possess or control either of the two new captain corpses. He could not do it even with the captain token.

Xu Tui understood the logic. It should be because of the relationship between superiors and subordinates. The captain token could only affect the guards of the Heavenly Court below the captain.

In other words, if he wanted Kitawan to possess and control the corpse of the captain, he had to obtain a colonel corpse for Little Six to control and obtain the token.

However, that was impossible in a short period of time.

Xu Tui continued to advance in a circle in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate. He was prepared to slowly annihilate the patrol team and accumulate the corpses of the captains. He could use them as consumption for Little Six.

Similarly, this Spiritual Race team also saw Xu Tui’s Muya team. In an instant, the team accelerated and pounced toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he saw this scene. He immediately had an idea..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1