Chapter 1422 - 1422: Abnormal Guards

Chapter 1422: Abnormal Guards

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had seen many people from the Great Xi Clan. He had personally killed many of them. He had even personally studied the various components of their corpses. He was very familiar with them.

However, the wave of people surrounding them looked very similar to the

Great Xi Clan. They had a shape structure that was basically similar to the Great Xi Clan. During the flight, they changed their form, and it was the same as the abilities of the Great Xi Clan.

However, this wave of the Great Xi Clan was armored. At first glance, the armor they were wearing looked a little rustic. Golden armor, golden helmet, and a red tassel fluttered high.

For a moment, Xu Tui felt as if he had transmigrated to a certain immortal world. Wasn’t this the appearance of the golden-armored god that he had often seen in television dramas? However, this golden-armored god was not a human under the golden-armored body. If he removed the golden helmet and

golden armor, he would be a member of the Great Xi Clan!

Almost at the same time, Little Six’s words sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, I can confirm that this is the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court!”

“How did you confirm it?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“These are the guards of the Heavenly Court.”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. What the hell? Damn it, according to Little Six, the

Heavenly Court was founded by the Huaxia humans. Was the ancestor of the Huaxia Humans that playful? They were going to use the Great Xi Clan as the guards of the Heavenly Court? Or was it a guard dog?

It was simply…

“Is there a way to force them back or control them?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“Once you obtain the Heavenly Seal, they will listen to you.”

Xu Tui was speechless. This was equivalent to not saying anything.

The so-called Heavenly Court team that was pouncing over was very fast. The moment they appeared, they surrounded Xu Tui and the others from three sides and sealed off their path of advancement. Other than turning around and retreating, they could only take it head-on.

In an instant, Xu Tui communicated with Little Six. The risk of turning around and retreating was too great. According to Ah Huang, there were millions of such guards in the Heavenly Court during its peak.

If they encountered another one and were surrounded, they would really have to fight a bloody battle. Moreover, what if they encountered the teams of the other three races when they turned around and retreated?

The teams of the other three races might immediately cooperate with these Heavenly Court guards to destroy Xu Tui and the others. That would be a great injustice.

In an instant, Xu Tui roughly grasped the strength of the opposing team.

51 people.

There was one Five Satellites Planetary realm expert, two Four Satellites Planetary realm experts, three Three Satellites Planetary realm experts, five rlhvvo Satellites Planetary realm experts, and 40 quasi-planetary experts.

According to Little Six, this was an extremely standard patrol team among the guards of the Heavenly Court. In terms of strength, this team was really terrifying. Without Xu Tui, their team would have no other possibility other than death.

Derry and Belas looked at Xu Tui in fear. If Xu Tui had not been here, they might have abandoned the others and turned to escape.

“Let’s fight.”

Derry and Belas were stunned.

“The two of you, bring these ten quasi-planets and block in front of me. Buy me some time. There’s no need to care about their lives! ” The moment Xu Tui gave the order, the Mountain Seal had already flown out. It instantly turned into a Mountain Flying Sword. “Go!”

A second after the flying sword flashed, a sonic boom sounded. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! The sounds of explosions rang out continuously.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword was like a stick of candied hawthorn. It first passed through the head of a Three Satellites Planetary realm guard at lightning speed. His mental perception had already told him that the vital points of these golden-armored guards were all in their heads.

After piercing through the head of the Three Satellites guard, the two Four Satellites Planetary realm experts who were the fastest to charge forward were furious. They turned around and attacked Xu Tui’s flying sword. The generals with Five Satellites charged toward Xu Tui.

It was also at this moment that the flying sword turned and passed through the heads of the seven quasi-planetary guards like it was passing through tofu. It then sank into the head of the eighth quasi-planetary guard. It did not explode. The power of the Mountain Flying Sword had been exhausted. It was too fast and did not have time to instantiate and replenish it.

“Explode!” With a soft shout, the head of the eighth quasi-planet exploded.

Seeing this, Derry roared angrily. He and Belas surrounded him with ten quasi-planetary experts. Xu Tui’s flying sword rose again when he saw this. It pierced through nine people again. This time, it took away a Two Satellites guard and eight quasi-planetary experts.

This speed of death caused the Five Satellites General who had just killed two quasi-planetary Muyas to roar angrily. “Form the formation!”

Xu Tui was stunned. Huaxia language! Damn it, this guy was actually using Huaxia language. His tone was even a little ancient. Was he really tamed by his ancestor?

With this roar, the remaining 20-odd quasi-planetary experts instantly formed a small phalanx. Light surged out of their bodies and they formed an energy defense array. This ability was exactly the same as the energy defense array of the Great Xi Clan.

Under the command of the Planetary realm, they changed their forms and wanted to attack Xu Tui from afar. Xu Tui’s body suddenly expanded.

Earth Body!

The moment the earth body appeared, the Mountain Seal smashed down. The energy defense array shattered. With another seal, the two Planetary realm and 14 quasi-planetary experts were blasted apart by the mountain-sized seal on the spot.

The leading Three Satellites Planetary realm guard was severely injured on the spot.

The Five Satellites Planetary realm general was stunned. However, the two Four Satellites guards and the two Three Satellites Planetary realm guards also successfully pounced in front of Xu Tui. The four of them attacked at the same time. They looked like they were surrounding Xu Tui.

In the next moment, Xu Tui instantly disappeared. The sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. Two Three Satellites Planetary realm experts died on the spot.

At the side, Derry and Belas were fighting the Five Satellites Planetary realm general with difficulty. Almost every second, they were holding on at the price of the sacrifice of a quasi-planetary.

They also had the thought of escaping countless times. However, Xu Tui’s extremely brave performance made them give up on the idea of escaping. Xu Tui had killed the Two and Three Satellites as if they were chickens. What about killing them?

A second later, the two guards of the Four Satellites of the Heavenly Court turned into lumps of ice. One of them was shattered by Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal. The moment it shattered, an ice cube pounced out of Xu Tui’s body and onto another ice lump.

“Little Six, keep an eye on it! Derry, hold on for another two seconds!” “Don’t worry, Sir!” Derry almost cried out.

In just a few seconds, five of their quasi-planets had died in battle. This Five Satellites Planetary realm expert was too powerful. He and Belas were also injured repeatedly.

Xu Tui’s gaze swept past the remaining Two and Three Satellites, and four quasi-planetary guards. He narrowed his eyes. The information provided by his mental perception, spiritual resonance, and other methods told Xu Tui that the remaining guards of the Heavenly Court also had emotions.

They were very afraid! They were not puppets! They were conscious!

However, none of them dared to retreat. It was as if there was an invisible restraint controlling them. They could not escape.

Xu Tui teleported. The moment he disappeared from the eyes of all the Heavenly Court guards, a flying sword suddenly appeared and instantly killed four quasi-planetary experts. He appeared beside the Three Satellites Planetary realm guard. A cold light surged out and an ice seal appeared.

Then, Xu Tui kicked the Three Satellites guard that he had sealed toward Little Six. The ice cat that Little Six had transformed into nimbly jumped up and lifted the ice cube.

Xu Tui had only noticed this recently. Little Six’s mental body was very powerful, and his mind power was very strong. However, other than mind power, there was no power. Moreover, he could not instantiate or mobilize the power of the world with his mind power. It was a very strange existence. However, he could mobilize the power given to him by others.

For example, the snow cat that Xu Tui had condensed for him was wrapped in 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Little Six could use the ice and snow power of the snow cat as a carrier to unleash some of its abilities.

However, the scale of the previous experiment was not large. He did not know how far Little Six could go. He would throw it out to play support first and see its combat strength as he played support.

At this point, there was only one captain left in this standard patrol team of the Heavenly Court. The emotional fluctuations that Five Satellites guard emitted were also filled with fear. He was afraid.

“Leave it to me! You guys clean up the battlefield.” As soon as he said that, Derry, Belas, and the remaining two quasi-planets of the Muyas retreated at lightning speed as if they had been pardoned.

It was just like before. Xu Tui’s ice seal had only trapped the Five SatellitesPlanetary realm expert for a moment, but it was enough.

The Small God Slaying Sword instantly slashed out.

The Small God Slaying Sword, which had only used 10% of Xu Tui’s mind power, slashed into the head of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. His body trembled, and he fell into a momentary unconscious state again.

The Mountain Seal exploded his head! Xu Tui did not dare to control the captain of the Planetary realm. He was afraid that he would not be able to control him and in turn hurt himself.

In less than a minute, Xu Tui had dealt with a team of 50 people.

It looked very easy! However, Xu Tui had already noticed a problem during the battle. These Heavenly Court guards were weaker than the Great Xi Clan that Xu Tui had seen. Especially in terms of the mental body.

The Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was actually affected by 10% of Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword for a full second. His mental body was weaker. However, his physical defense was stronger than the Great Xi Clan. Especially the defensive abilities of the golden armor and helmet.

Previously, Derry’s attack had not broken through the golden armor of a quasi-planet. It had to be known that Derry had improved very quickly after breaking through to the Planetary realm. He actually had the combat strength of the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

This golden armor looked a little like a treasure. Other than that, although these golden-armored guards had emotions and spirit, Xu Tui felt that they lacked some spirituality. It had a spirit, but it was still lacking something compared to a real living creature.

This was also the reason why they looked very strong, but their combat ability was average. Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui used his spiritual radiation and spiritual resonance. He was stunned when he tried to control them with advanced hypnosis..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1