Chapter 1420 - 1420: Luxury Lineup

Chapter 1420 - 1420: Luxury Lineup

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

August 24, 2140, 7 p.m. Ceres Time.

Due to his location, the sun was still high in the sky. There was still a large umbrella of holy light above Xiliude’s head. From afar, it looked a little holy.

At this moment, Xu Tui, Gabe, Lally, and Canilo, the four officiants, were in a semicircle. The four Planetary realm experts led by Bunet and Darak were gathered beside Bishop Xiliude, quietly waiting for his orders.

While they were waiting, a stream of light flashed in the direction of the Earth Origin Palace. Dozens of Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan flew out of the Earth Origin Palace and quickly gathered behind their executive, Gu Ji.

They were filled with auras. Clearly, they had recovered to their peak state in less than three hours. This was also the advantage of the Great Xi Clan. Restoration of consumed energy was very quick.

If it were the Blue Star humans, they would have taken more than five hours even if they had Origin Crystals.

As soon as these main forces of the Great Xi Clan came out, the gazes of Xiliude, Shui Zhi, and Shang Long, who had been waiting, shifted slightly. They could enter this small universe of order.

“Everyone, the Great Xi Clan is already prepared. Let’s take turns entering in order,” the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, said.

“Agreed.” Shang Long only said one word.

As Xiliude responded, he first turned to look at the eight people behind him with a serious expression. “Remember the important points I told you previously. As long as you can complete these important points, this small universe will definitely be yours. Even people like Shui Zhi and Shang Long won’t be able to turn the situation around.”

Bishop Xiliude said this through a mental voice transmission. Xu Tui, Bunet, and the others also nodded in unison with solemn expressions.

However, no one Imew how anxious Xu Tui was. Since he was going to send people into this small universe to explore, according to the previous agreement, Bishop Xiliude naturally had to choose a candidate to enter.

Actually, even without the agreement of the four sides, they would definitely only choose a portion of people to enter.

The small universe was important, but the Water Origin Palace on Ceres was even more important. This was especially so since up until now, the Muya’s control over the Water Origin Palace’s origin power was very weak. Other than Darak mastering 20%, there was nothing else.

There would definitely be some elite forces left behind to guard Ceres Star. Because of the agreement between the four sides, experts above the Seven Satellites were not allowed to enter.

In that case, it was enough for Dylin and Bishop Xiliude to stay behind in the Water Origin Palace. However, they had to have the necessary Planetary realm powerhouses. Therefore, Bishop Xiliude divided the forces of the Muyas into eight teams.

According to the agreement of the four sides, there could not be more than 30 Planetary realm experts who entered the small universe to explore. There could not be more than 100 quasi-planetary experts. There were no requirements for Transmutation Realm experts.

However, unless there were many Transmutation Realm experts, there was no need to send them in.

Although Transmutation Realm cultivators were very strong, they were basically cannon fodder on the battlefield where there were many Planetary realm experts.

In the past month, deliberate rewards from Bishop Xiliude were given, such as treasures like the Sacred Blood and the Blood of Radiance, and the deliberate nurturing of their attendants of some officiants to increase their combat strength.

After all, this was an expedition in the solar system. Some treasures had to be converted into strength as soon as possible. Otherwise, if he died in battle and the treasure was still there, he would be trash.

As a result, many quasi-planetary experts broke through to the Planetary realm.

The representatives were Xu Tui’s two attendants, Derry and Belas. They had both broken through to the Planetary realm. Derry’s strength even had the combat strength of a Two Satellites Planetary realm.

Gabe had also broken through. The attendants of other Planetary realm experts also broke through here, boosting their morale. Under such circumstances, the number of Planetary realm experts of Muyas in the solar system increased to a certain extent. It had increased from 33 to 42 people.

However, most of them had the combat strength of the One and Two Satellites Planetary realm. Due to the need to stay behind, each of the eight teams had a

total of three Planetary realms and ten quasi-planetary realms.

There were a total of 26 Planetary realm and 81 quasi-planetary experts from the Muyas. This number was because the captain of one of the teams was Xu Tui, who was also Officiant Kaedo.

The two additional Planetary realm experts were given to the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse, Neff. There were a total of six Planetary realm experts in Neff’s team. Furthermore, they were all Three and Four Satellites Planetary realm experts. They even had a Two Satellites officiant.

Such a team could be said to be luxurious from the lineup.

There were a total of 16 Planetary realm experts left in the Water Origin Palace, including Xiliude and Dylin. Most of the new Planetary realm experts were left behind.

Most of the Planetary realm experts who entered the small universe to explore were elites. However, that was not the most important thing. It was a special instruction from Bishop Xiliude.

Bishop Xiliude gave them a small holy light ball. He said that if they encountered any Muyas outside the team in the small universe, they would first save their lives. Then, they would find an opportunity to blast this holy light ball out.

They just had to blast it within a 100-meter radius of the target. Then, it naturally knew what to do.

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard this. The information he revealed was a little explosive. There might be Muyas in this small universe? What was going

However, according to Xiliude, the Muyas in this small universe might be enemies and not friends. However, they would know what to do after throwing out the holy light ball.

Xu Tui asked again, but Xiliude did not say anything else. He did not dare to ask further. This was major information. There might be Muyas in this small universe. The Muyas had much more information about the small universe than they did.

Unfortunately, this information could not be transmitted. Ever since he finished talking about this matter, Bishop Xiliude had been keeping the eight captains by his side. Xu Tui did not dare to move within the range of his mind power.

He could only wait.

At this moment, Bishop Xiliude asked them to leave and prepare. While Xu Tui was looking for his team, he began to look for an opportunity.

After confirming that he was more than 1,000 meters away from Bishop Xiliude, he shook his mind power slightly and enveloped himself with his mind power in a defensive posture. Then, he gently stroked Tri Ling Ding with his fingertips and quickly contacted An Xiaoxue with the Morse password. An Xiaoxue was on the other side. Xu Tui could see her, but he did not dare to

use his mind power to contact her. However, as Xu Tui knocked gently, he casually scanned his surroundings. He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw An Xiaoxue leaning toward Cai Shaochu.

This news finally spread. It was hard to say how useful this news would be if it spread. On the side of the Blue Star humans, Cai Shaochu had a stunned expression. Then, he gently approached Shang Long. He should be reporting this information to Shang Long.

Hearing this urgent information, Shang Long frowned. Clearly, this information was also a little surprising to him. However, they were about to enter. They could only give some last-minute instructions to the captains who entered. There were no other effective arrangements.

Just like the Muyas, the candidates for the Blue Star this time were also divided into teams. One was that the internal format of the Blue Star was complicated, and the other was to explore such a small universe. The form of a team was indeed much more flexible than a brigade.

There were eight teams. Seven sectors and one organization.

Although there were pioneer raiders, Xu Tui had not appeared recently. It could be seen as giving up. Due to the total number of people, there were only three Planetary realm powerhouses in each of the eight teams on the Blue Star.

It was not that the restrictions were too great, but because the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were limited and there were too many places to guard. Those who went this time were basically the elites of the various sectors.

Cai Shaochu, Haren, Augusto, and the others had personally led a team over. In terms of Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, the Blue Star had sent the most people. The other Planetary realm powerhouses stayed behind.

It was worth mentioning that Ruan Tianzuo had a slight conflict in the Huaxia Sector. In the beginning, the candidate that Cai Shaochu chose was no longer him. However, Ruan Tianzuo personally went to look for Shang Long.

The three people from the Huaxia Sector who participated in the battle became Cai Shaochu, Pei Tiefeng, and Ruan Tianzuo. One was the Six Satellites, one was Five Satellites, and one was Four Satellites. It could be considered a super luxurious lineup.

Cai Shaochu had chosen the quasi-planetary experts very carefully. He had given them 12 spots, but he had only brought nine people. Each of the quasi-planetary experts he chose had the strength to resist a Planetary realm powerhouse. They would not be instantly killed by a Planetary realm expert.

Of course, it was different for the other sectors. For example, the chaotic India Sector had 12 Planetary realm experts. Up until now, the top Planetary realm powerhouse in the India Sector, Itavi, had been missing for almost a month. They could not contact him in any way.

It was even chaotic internally. Fortunately, because of the Blood Crystal and Soul Crystal Technique and their previous accumulation, the India Sector had another Five Satellites planetary powerhouse called Ganjiv.

However, in terms of strength, he was far inferior to Itavi, who was about to break through.

Other than that, there were a total of 30 Planetary realm experts chosen by the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race to enter. After the 30 Planetary realm powerhouses from their two families entered, there were still more than 10 Planetary realm powerhouses left behind.

Most importantly, there was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert guarding these two families. As long as there was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm guard, the defense would not be a problem.

After the candidates from all directions were selected, the order of entry would be determined. What stunned Xu Tui was that the order in which the four families decided to enter this small universe was to throw dice.

It looked like child’s play.

However, the four top experts representing the Blue Star, the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race each threw a dice at the vortex stargate. There, mind power could not interfere. Then they stared at it.

It was very funny!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1