Chapter 1435 - 1435: Ancient Jade Talisman

Chapter 1435: Ancient Jade Talisman

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Feng Xian Spiritual Race was leading his team forward carefully. As he advanced, he took out a special communication disk and contacted the other members.

He had already discovered the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate. According to Elder Shui Zhi’s instructions, the next step was to gather the other teams and think of a way to pass through the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Only by passing through the Southern Heavenly Gate could they really obtain what they wanted. Currently, he had already contacted five of the other nine teams and was looking for a gathering location.

There was something very bad about the small universe of the Heavenly Court. In the open area outside the four Heavenly Gates, there were endless white clouds. There were no landmarks to refer to. It was very difficult to gather.

Originally, they could have used some special methods, such as the directional smoke pillar and the fluctuations emitted by the super-strengthened mind power jade talisman to locate the other teams.

But not yet.

Not only could they discover these directional signs, but their enemies, such as the Blue Star humans, the Great Xi Clan, and the Muyas, could also discover them. It would even attract the guards of the Heavenly Court.

They could deal with the ordinary patrol teams of the Heavenly Court at the moment, but it would be troublesome if they attracted a larger military unit. They would have no choice but to escape.

Fortunately, the Heavenly Court’s military units acted in an organized manner, and they were not fast. It was relatively easy for them to escape. Therefore, it was more difficult for the various teams of the Spiritual Race to gather.

However, Feng Xian was not anxious at all. They could just slowly gather. There were also benefits to being slow in gathering.

After a long period of exploration, the various teams would have a preliminary understanding of the basic terrain and situation outside the Southern Heavenly Gate, including the location of the guarding forces.

After they gathered, the various teams would come up with a complete action plan for the next operation. Other than that, the reason why the various teams split up and explored was to see if they could encounter the target they wanted outside the Southern Heavenly Gate. If they could really encounter it, their next actions would be very easy.

As he contacted the various teams and reported and collected the locations of the teams, Feng Xian sent out two Four Satellites Planetary realm guards under him to scout the surroundings.

He was extremely vigilant.

“Captain, two Muyas have been discovered,” suddenly, a Planetary realm guard reported.

Two? Feng Xian’s gaze shifted. He looked in the direction of the reconnaissance and roughly made a judgment. It should be the weakest team among the Muyas who had entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Currently, this team has almost been wiped out, leaving only a quasi-planetary and a Planetary realm.

It was miserable.

However, Feng Xian’s gaze quickly landed on Kaedo, who was Xu Tui.

“The Muyas must have corresponding special methods. Let’s go, surround them and take them down. Don’t expose your hostility yet,” Feng Xian ordered.

A minute later, Xu Tui and Derry were vaguely surrounded by Feng Xian and his men.

“Officiant Kaedo, we can be considered allies. Why don’t you join us?” Feng Xian did not immediately reveal his fangs.

“Sure.” Xu Tui was very cooperative on this point.

However, the other two Planetary realm experts were still cautiously scouting in various directions. This made Xu Tui a little anxious.

The Spiritual Race team in front of him should be one of the four teams that Little Six had encountered when he was leading the team to gather the defeated soldiers. They were very vigilant.

It was very likely that they would discover Little Six’s forces in advance. The small army of the Heavenly Court was extremely powerful. Ordinary teams could not resist them at all, but their weakness was obvious.

Acting in an organized manner was rather slow. It was easy for the target to escape. However, if they split up and surrounded them with elites, not only would they be easily defeated, but they would also suffer considerable losses.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui brought Derry out as bait. Even though Derry had experienced many storms, he was still a little nervous. This was because he understood that his master had the ability to teleport. He had no problems saving his life. What about him?

After the Blood of Radiance purified his bloodline, he obtained the enhancement of the wind wings and his speed was extraordinary. However, he would be the one to die if he ran wrongly.

“Yes, if you join us and accept our protection, you have to obey my orders,” Feng Xian said.

“No problem.” Xu Tui pretended to be a loser and agreed readily.

“Other than that, I also need you to hand over another thing,” Feng Xian asked.

“What is it?”

“Before we left, Bishop Xiliude should have given you items that can block divine restrictions, right?” Feng Xian asked.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Before Bishop Xiliude left, he had indeed given them a holy light ball. However, he did not say what it was used for. He only said that if they encountered other Muyas that they did not know, they could just blast them out.

However, the Feng Xian in front of him said that it was an item that could block divine restrictions.

Block the Divine Restriction? This made Xu Tui think of something. “Block the divine restriction? I don’t know about that.”

“Don’t pretend!” Feng Xian was dissatisfied.

“I really don’t know, but Bishop Xiliude did give us something before we left,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s it. Just give it to me!” Feng Xian revealed a look of joy.

Xu Tui shook his head and refused. “No, I can’t give this to you.”

Feng Xian’s face darkened. “Officiant Kaedo, are you joking with me? Or do you not know your current situation? I hope you can wake up!” His words were filled with threat.

“My current situation?” Xu Tui smiled in shock. “I know very well. However, I want to give you something else.”

“What is it?”

In the next moment, Xu Tui released the corpses of the two quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race that he had collected in time. Feng Xian’s expression changed when the corpses came out. Even the gazes of the two Planetary realm guards were attracted.

“You killed them?” Instantly, Feng Xian’s expression changed drastically, and his killing intent overflowed.

“No, no, no. This is just a corpse I picked up.”

Hearing this, Feng Xian’s expression softened a little. The two Planetary realm experts also shifted their gazes and resumed their vigilance. Almost at the same time, the two Planetary realm experts roared. “Enemies!”

“Captain, we’ve discovered the enemy in the front, back, and left directions! Judging from the scale, it’s at least a small army!”

“They’ve surrounded us? Let’s go and break out of the encirclement ahead.” Feng Xian glanced at Xu Tui and Derry. “The two of you, participate in the battle on our left flank! You should understand the pros and cons now. We can only live together if we rush out,” Feng Xian shouted at Xu Tui.

“Understood ! ”

In the next moment, almost at the same time that Feng Xian brought the two Planetary realm experts under him and the ten quasi-planetary experts began to break out of the encirclement, the aura on the left suddenlv chanzed drastically.

Four powerful auras ???? Five Satellites suddenly appeared beside them.

Xu Tui had thrown out Kitawan, Feng Ran, Lang Xu, and Belas, who had been placed in the quantum dimensional chain. These four people had already changed the bodies of the captains of the Heavenly Court.

Lang Xu and Feng Ran, who were participating in the battle, sighed helplessly and had already charged towards their race. If possible, they wanted to hold back and let their clansmen off.

However, there was no need!

Whether the two of them held back or not, there was no way out for this team of clansmen. Xu Tui had sneaked into the group. There was also a small army from the Heavenly Court surrounding them from all directions. Even if the two of them went easy, there was no way out!

They only wanted to sigh at Feng Xian’s intelligence.

How dare you take advantage of a sinister person like Xu Tui? Actually, they might have fallen into Xu Tui’s trap because of their greed.

The direction of the battle was just as Lang Xu and Feng Ran had expected. It was a one-sided battle. There were four enemies with the strength of Five Satellites by his side. Xu Tui, that abnormal person, was on the outside. There were also 300 troops surrounding him. Even escaping had become an extravagant hope.

They were completely wiped out.

Xu Tui had only lost four quasi-planetary guards. The only thing that he felt a little helpless about was that the concentrated fire of the Heavenly Court guards led by Little Six was too powerful.

One of the Four Satellites of the Spiritual Race turned to ashes. If Xu Tui had not stopped them quickly, even Feng Xian would have turned to ashes. In the end, Xu Tui only captured Feng Xian, a Four Satellites Planetary realm expert, and two quasi-planetary experts.

Feng Xian seemed to know a lot. Xu Tui had the intention of subduing him.

However, Feng Xian was unexpectedly unyielding and cursed continuously.

Whether it was the deterrence of Derry refining the other Four Satellites

Planetary realm expert or Lang Xu and Feng Ran’s surrender, it was all useless.

Even Feng Ran and Lang Xu felt a little ashamed. Such an enemy was worthy of Xu Tui’s admiration. Then, Xu Tui handed him over to Derry to refine. The best outcome for an enemy worthy of admiration was death!

Yes, he got what he wanted.

The Origin Crystal and his other gains were the same as before, but he had obtained another ancient jade talisman with a strange aura.

Xu Tui had already obtained two such jade talismans, including the one he had obtained from Lang Xu.

Lang Xu did not know much about these two ancient jade talismans. However, Shui Zhi had instructed him to bring this ancient jade talisman with him. When it shone and heated up, he would naturally know how to use them.

Strange!

Xu Tui did not understand. The holy light balls given to the Muyas could be shot out. The ancient jade talisman of the Spiritual Race would glow and heat up on its own. Everything was strange.

What was the point?

There were still two quasi-planetary captives left. Xu Tui did not have any useful information after he got Lang Xu and Feng Ran to interrogate them. So he sent them on their way. Their mental bodies could not exist independently. It was useless! All he could do was give them a quick death.

However, even though the confessions of these two people did not contain any valuable information, Xu Tui discovered another problem.

Up until now, be it Lang Xu’s previous team, the team led by Feng Xian, Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, or Little Six’s previous patrol, the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, or the Blue Star humans, they had all been discovered.

However, they did not discover the Great Xi Clan’s team. Was this a coincidence? Or was there a problem? After all, the guards of the Heavenly

Court here were similar to the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui brought Derry and flew in the next direction. Little Six quickly followed with the team.

Neff!

Before this, Little Six had encountered the team of the true Boss of the Muyas’ exploration, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Neff..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1