Chapter 1430 - 1430: Pandora Box And Choice (3)

Chapter 1430 - 1430: Pandora Box and Choice (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The great enemy had been resolved.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he turned to look at the other enemies on the battlefield. The remaining Planetary realm cultivator was being pestered by Kitawan’s attacks. Of the remaining six quasi-planetary experts, Derry had fought four alone. At this moment, he had already killed two. Belas had two to himself. He had just killed one and severely injured the second.

In terms of strength, Derry was much stronger than Belas.

There was no need for Xu Tui to say anything. Little Six continued to pounce forward and attack the Three Satellites Planetary realm expert.

The Three Satellites Planetary realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race wanted to escape when he saw this. Xu Tui only took a step forward and blocked him with his earth spikes. A few seconds later, he was carried over by Kitawan.

There was no suspense when the Five Satellites and Four Satellites surrounded a Three Satellites that had fled. Similarly, the remaining quasi-planetary experts did not have any chance to escape.

This was especially so for Derry. In order to stop him from escaping, he actually gave up on his defense and killed one of them. He was not injured much because of the defense of the standard armor.

They were wiped out!

“Yes, not bad.”

There was no need for Xu Tui’s instructions. Derry and Belas began to search the corpses. In less than a minute, a large number of spoils were placed in front of Xu Tui. Not everyone had a quantum dimensional chain, so many treasures were carried with them.

Xu Tui looked at the pile of things in front of him. Even though he was experienced and knowledgeable, he was still a little shocked. They were all f*cking tycoons. It made sense. Which of the people who entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court this time did not bring all their assets?

Aren’t they going to bring it along to save their lives at the critical moment? Should he keep it for others to use?

There were not many Origin Crystals. It was more than 15,000 grams, which was more than 1,000 grams per person. However, there were more than 500 grams of Origin Crystals to replenish mind power. There were also many healing pills.

This was a unique characteristic of the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui had basically understood through Yanzi.

There were two types of pills that were rather precious. The first was called the Water-Wood Pill. It specialized in treating all internal and external injuries. It even had a powerful effect of melting other invading forces.

For example, the blazing sunlight that could not be removed from Bishop

Xiliude’s body could also be weakened to a certain extent if he used this elixir.

This kind of Water Wood Pill was very precious. There were only a few quasi-planetary experts who had it, but everyone in the Planetary realm had two to three. He had seized a total of 12.

There was also a type of pill called the Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill.

Within the Spiritual Race, it was even more precious than the Water Wood Pill. The Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill was a very precious pill that could treat mental injuries. It had a certain effect of restoring mind power.

He only got four.

Other than that, there were also life-saving jade talismans. Xu Tui recognized most of them, but he did not fancy them. His gaze, however, was focused on one of the antique jade talismans with mysterious ancient seals.

There was only one such jade talisman. It was found on the body of the captain of this team, Lang Xu.

“The two of you will get 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals each. You can also split these life-saving tokens.”

Although these two guys were not strong, they would be very useful to Xu Tui if they could survive. They’re quite useful in cleaning up the small fish and shrimps. Otherwise, it would be difficult for Xu Tui, who was a commander-in-chief, to do many things.

After casually distributing these, while Little Six and Kitawan were on guard, they began to replenish their energy with the hexagonal energy bodies they had seized previously. Xu Tui carried the frozen Lang Xu over and prepared to interrogate him.

However, Derry and Belas looked at Xu Tui expectantly. They wanted to say something but hesitated.

“Speak!”

Derry glanced at Belas, then at Xu Tui. Then, he asked softly, “Sir, we have an idea.”

“What idea?”

“We want to see if this Spiritual Race’s corpse can be used to refine Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals,” Derry asked boldly.

Xu Tui was not surprised by this question. He knew that when he spread the method of refining the Blood Crystal and Soul Crystal, the pandora box would eventually be opened. It was just a matter of time.

Fortunately, Derry was targeting the corpses of the Spiritual Race this time. He believed that they would not dare mention the corpses of the Blue Star humans in front of Xu Tui.

However, if he really had the chance, would he try? Also, would someone from the Blue Star humans, who also knew this secret technique, use this direction on their own kind?

Xu Tui did not dare to think about it. However, there was a high chance that some scumbags would try. Therefore, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had already communicated in private. If there was, no matter who it was, their souls would be destroyed.

“Go and try!”

Obstruction was useless. Since Derry and Belas had suggested that they wanted to try refining blood crystals and soul crystals on other races, it was useless to stop them. Even if they did not try it in front of Xu Tui, they would definitely try it in private if they had the chance in the future. He might as well let them try.

In any case, he was from the Spiritual Race.

Derry and Belas happily carried most of the corpses to refine blood crystals and soul crystals. They were the corpses of the Spiritual Race’s Four Satellites, Feng Ran, and the Three Satellites, Chi Min.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, released a little of his control over Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Chi Min. The ice seal loosened a little, and his mind power communicated with their minds. “Which of you is willing to be loyal to me? I’ll give you a chance to live.”

“You, who exactly are you!” Lang Xu was shocked and furious!

“The strong!” Xu Tui was unwilling to reveal his true identity in front of them now. “Alright, this is my last question to you. Now, I’ll give you a choice. Do you choose to die or live? I’ll be more direct. If you choose to live, I’ll place a Spiritual Mark in your mental bodies and then inject it into the corpses of these Heavenly Court guards to let you survive in this form. I’ll also provide something to replenish the consumption of your mental body.

“One day, I might be able to provide you with a completely revived body. Of course, if you are unwilling, I can send you on your way now.” Xu Tui did not have the time to waste. He directly got Kitawan to demonstrate.

“You lowly Muya slave. You want us to surrender? Dream on!” Chi Min was the first to scold him.

“Beautiful!” Xu Tui did not waste any time. He snapped his fingers and threw Chi Min’s head to Derry. “Derry, refine this.”

The preliminary experiment was that the method of refining the Muyas into Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals was also suitable for the Spiritual Race. In the next moment, the screams of Chi Min being refined alive rang out. Xu Tui looked at Lang Xu and Feng Ran.

“What about the two of you? What’s your choice?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1