Chapter 1433 - 1433: The Accident Caused By The Colonel

Chapter 1433 - 1433: The Accident Caused by the Colonel

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was not afraid of a team of elites fighting. He was afraid of the small-scale battle mode of the army just now. He estimated that even the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses would not be able to fight head-on in that mode.

Xu Tui had successfully lured the enemy. The colonel brought more than a dozen elites and chased in the direction where Xu Tui had fled. He was probably disgusted by Xu Tui’s way of teleporting and flying a kite just now.

As long as Xu Tui was patient enough, as long as his luck was not too bad, as long as he had enough mind power, he would be able to continuously weaken the strength of the army.

This was also the reason why the colonel had brought his elites to chase after him.

The colonel had brought a total of three captains with Five Satellites. One captain was left behind to command the remaining troops. Other than that, he had also brought five Four Satellites and seven Three Satellites, a total of 15 subordinates to chase after Xu Tui.

There were a total of 16 people in this group.

Xu Tui planned his specific tactics as he fled.

Although the 16 Planetary realm guards were a little weaker than the true Planetary realm, they were still very strong. This was especially so when the 16 of them could still form a small team to annihilate them if the situation was slightly wrong. It was very terrifying.

It had to be said that the combat intelligence of this colonel was very strong. Thirty seconds later, he suddenly slowed down his pursuit of Xu Tui. He might have realized something and became more cautious.

Xu Tui knew that he could not hesitate at this moment. If he missed this opportunity, he might not have another suitable opportunity. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui instantly turned around and charged toward the colonel.

The Mountain Seal suddenly smashed down.

The colonel let out a cold laugh. He shot out energy like a gun and instantly shattered Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal. However, at the same time, a Planetary realm team of about ten Muyas suddenly appeared 3,000 meters to the right of the colonel.

It began to slowly approach them.

The colonel’s expression changed drastically. He instantly commanded the 15 people under him to split into two divisions. He split his attention to fight Xu Tui while guarding against the ten-odd enemies that had suddenly appeared.

At the same time, he was prepared to contact his main force in the distance.

Xu Tui also gave another order at the same time. The ten Muya Planetary realm experts that suddenly appeared were actually illusions that Xu Tui had created with his Illusory Reality.

It was all fake. As long as he was close enough or the colonel took the initiative to attack, he would be completely exposed.

Everything was to create an opportunity.

Three seconds later, Little Six appeared on their left with Kitawan, Feng Ran, and Lang Xu. Derry also appeared behind them on their right as a suspicious soldier.

Including Xu Tui, they were in a semi-encirclement state.

The reason why suspicious soldiers were suspicious soldiers was to disperse their strength and create an opportunity for the main force.

Who was the main force? It was naturally Xu Tui and Little Six. As the saying went, to give someone a taste of their own medicine.

Little Six and the other three quickly approached the moment they appeared. . They were prepared to launch a volley with Xu Tui’s cooperation to reduce the enemy’s number. However, to everyone’s surprise, the moment they saw Little Six and the others, the colonel of the Heavenly Court was not shocked. Instead, he was delighted

Instead, he shouted at Little Six, “I don’t care which division you belong to. Now, I’ll order you to fight under my command with a token. Immediately!

Target the enemy, the ten invaders!”

Xu Tui was stunned. Little Six was also stunned.

However, both Xu Tui and Little Six immediately reacted. This should be the exclusive authority of this colonel. At the level of a colonel, he should have the right to deal with the wandering scattered soldiers.

Although Little Six was more talkative sometimes, he was also a smart person. He immediately replied, “Understood, Sir. Our troops will fight under you!”

Little Six quickly flew behind the colonel with Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas. The elite team did not have any defenses against Little Six’s forces.

They dealt with Xu Tui, Derry, and the illusions that Xu Tui had set up with the Illusory Reality.

The ten Muyas who exuded the aura of the Planetary realm made them very cautious. This scene surprised Xu Tui, but he was also secretly delighted. But then again, no one expected that someone would be able to use another person’s mental body to possess and control the guards outside the Heavenly Court’s defense system.

Currently, no one should be able to think of this.

This was especially so after Xu Tui verified many times that the reason why Little Six could control the corpse of the captain was because Little Six’s background was special. It should be because he had a special mark on his mental body.

A scene that shocked the colonel appeared in the next moment.

A second later, when Little Six appeared 300 meters away from them with Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas, they suddenly stopped and fired a volley.

The energy volleys of Little Six and the others were planned.

Two of the Four Satellites attacked two of the Five Satellites at the same time, while Little Six attacked one of the Four Satellites. Under such a sudden attack, he succeeded as expected. The two captains were directly cut off from the head. They lost their combat strength on the spot. It was the same for the guards.

“You, you actually dare!” The moment the colonel was shocked and furious, a

small golden sword instantly appeared and disappeared. Then, it suddenly appeared above the head of the captain in front of the colonel.

It instantly slashed in.

Small God Slaying Sword!

Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword, which had been condensed with 30% of his mind power, instantly slashed into the head of the last Planetary realm captain.

The captain let out a miserable scream on the spot. He hugged his head and fell under the clouds.

Although his mental body did not collapse on the spot, he had already lost his combat strength. The elites on the side of the colonel also split into two and attacked the distant Muya illusion. Moreover, the colonel had personally taken action.

However, the illusion dissipated on the spot.

The colonel was stunned. In an instant, he turned around and roared angrily. He glared at them before turning around and charging towards Little Six and the others. “Kill, kill this group of traitors first!”

At this moment, Little Six and the others also attacked. The counterattack of the colonel with the remaining 11 elite subordinates was also extremely sharp. Just one charge had shattered Kitawan’s body and severely injured Belas on the spot. He was an unfortunate child.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had instructed Belas, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and the others to protect their heads when they fought. They could even use other parts of their body to protect their heads. As long as their heads were not damaged, their mental bodies would not be damaged.

Xu Tui teleported over. The moment the ice seal surged out, he threw out the corpses of the two Four Satellites guards. “Change!”

Almost instantly, Kitawan and Belas abandoned their original bodies and quickly entered the new and already familiar bodies. They immediately joined the battle.

The colonel was stunned! “You guys… Who exactly are you?”

Almost at the same time, a small dark-colored sword appeared above Xu Tui’s head. This was a God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had only used 30% of his strength.

It was useless to kill a colonel directly.

The God Slaying Sword instantly slashed into the colonel’s head. In the distance, Derry also instantly pounced forward and joined the battle.

The God Slaying Sword entered.

The golden helmet on the head of the colonel erupted with a bright light. The bright light contained a strong mind power fluctuation.

Xu Tui was stunned. The golden helmet of the colonel actually had the ability to defend against mental attacks. It directly weakened the power of his God Slaying Sword. In a flash, the colonel instantly turned into a ball of golden energy and stabbed toward Xu Tui at lightning speed.

The colonel had hit his target at such a close distance. The five layers of Vajra Barrier around Xu Tui instantly shattered. The moment the last layer of the Vajra Barrier was shattered, Xu Tui had already activated teleportation and disappeared.

The colonel was furious that he had lost his target. He turned around and pounced at Lang Xu again.

Lang Xu was previously at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, and his combat strength was very powerful after possessing the Four Satellites Guard of the Heavenly Court.

However, this colonel was a Six Satellites. Moreover, for some reason, the combat strength of the Six Satellites was very strong. In an instant, half of Lang Xu’s body was sent flying by the colonel.

Seeing that Lang Xu was about to be killed by the colonel, Little Six pounced over and forcefully blocked the colonel.

Xu Tui’s ice seal and the others had only killed three Planetary realm experts. Under eight against four, the situation instantly became difficult. However, in the next moment, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared again.

This time, Xu Tui used 50% of the power of the God Slaying Sword.

Under Little Six’s entanglement, the God Slaying Sword, with the cooperation of energy Teleportation, once again slashed into the head of the colonel without any suspense.

The body of the colonel trembled violently.

It worked!

It effectively injured his mental body.

The mental hammer smashed down, continuing the vibrations of the mental body. The ice puppet rolled up on the ground. While it hugged the colonel, the ice seal was activated continuously.

Little Six had already pounced to the other side and started to participate in the battle. As he continuously used the ice to seal the colonel, Xu Tui threw out another Four Satellites guard’s body to allow Lang Xu to recover his combat strength.

However, the colonel who was sealed by the ice was in a very crazy state. He was still resisting under the ice seal.

Xu Tui could not inject his mind power into it. He gritted his teeth. After he frantically injected 10% of his mind power into the remaining 20% of the God Slaying Sword in his red fire slip, he used Energy Teleportation again and slashed into the head of the colonel.

The golden helmet’s mental defense had been exhausted long ago. The mental body of the Colonel was even more injured. He fell into a semi-conscious state on the spot. Without hesitation, Xu Tui invaded with his mind power and tried to control the mental body of the colonel.

Bang!

The self-destruction program was triggered, and the mental body of the colonel self-destructed.

Xu Tui was elated. He had succeeded!

“Little Six, hurry!” Xu Tui roared. Little Six, who was fighting, instantly turned into a corpse after severely injuring a Three Satellites. Boundless mind power instantly entered the body of the colonel.

In the distance, the main force that the colonel had summoned had already appeared..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1