Chapter 1434 - 1434: Xu

Chapter 1434: Xu

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were still as many as 200 people in the main force that the colonel had summoned previously. Under the lead of a captain, they were moving at high speed in Xu Tui’s direction.

To be honest, even though he had killed more than half of the leaders and elites of the Heavenly Court’s defense force, Xu Tui still did not have the confidence to fight such a force head-on. He could try flying a kite.

However, Xu Tui had expended a lot of his mind power in his previous battle with the colonel. His mind power was less than 30% right now. Although he could still fight, this was a very dangerous level. It was better not to take risks if he could.

He had achieved his goal. Xu Tui was prepared to lead the team away first. Then, he would recover his mind power under the protection of Little Six and the others.

Xu Tui was confident that he could escape. The remnant of the army in front of him had terrifying group combat abilities, but their speed was not fast.

Moreover, they did not dare to split up. As long as they split up, that would be Xu Tui’s chance.

Xu Tui had already made up his mind to evacuate with Little Six and the others, who were still controlling the corpses. However, Little Six’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, give me some time. I want to try my previous thoughts.”

“Previous thoughts?” Xu Tui hesitated for a moment. He then glanced at the remnants of the army who were rapidly approaching in the distance and said in a low voice, “I’ll give you 40 seconds at most. After 40 seconds, we’ll be able to enter their firing range. We have to retreat.”

“Alright.” Little Six tried his best to control the body of the colonel that he had just obtained, while Xu Tui had already commanded the others to take away the bodies of the remaining Heavenly Court guards. He dug out the hexagonal energy bodies from the chests of the guards and asked them to retreat quickly.

Derry, who was good at speed, waited for orders at the side. If Little Six’s previous thoughts could not be tried or failed, he would get Derry to retreat with Little Six quickly. Xu Tui would teleport and escape.

What was Little Six’s previous thought?

This actually stemmed from the order from the colonel just now. It was the colonel who had used his identity token to order Little Six’s troops to join him in battle.

Little Six did not feel anything. However, the moment the colonel took out the identity token and shook them, an indescribable fear rose in Kitawan and Lang Xu’s hearts and rushed towards their mental bodies. They had an instinctive sense of obedience. If Little Six had not given the order in time, they would not have dared to attack the colonel.

That was not fear. It was more of a physical memory.

Xu Tui and Little Six thought of a possibility at the same time. The colonel had actually entered the ranks of low-level generals among the guards of the Heavenly Court. Did that mean that they had more power? Did he have the rights to gather the other guards?

This was what Little Six wanted to try.

The remnants of the army in the distance quickly approached. 20 kilometers,

10 kilometers, five kilometers, and three kilometers. At three kilometers, Xu Tui had already looked at Little Six. They were about to enter their range. It was almost time to retreat.

At the side, Derry was so nervous that his palms were almost sweating. If anything happened, he would definitely be the first to die! If he was hit by a wave of gunfire, he might not even have a chance to enter the corpse of the metal lump guard and continue living.

However, just as Xu Tui was about to give the order to completely retreat, a palm-sized ancient seal token suddenly fell from the chest of the colonel.

Little Six had basically succeeded in controlling the body of the colonel.

In the next moment, Little Six raised the colonel’s token and injected the energy in his chest. At the same time, he injected his mind power. The token immediately emitted a faint golden light and an inexplicable pressure.

“Stop!” Little Six roared!

The remnants of the army on the other side suddenly became chaotic. The captain looked at Little Six, then at Xu Tui, who was beside him. He had a

conflicted expression. However, he still stopped in his tracks.

“Sir, may I ask about this invader?” the captain asked hesitantly.

Xu Tui was overjoyed. It succeeded! He could actually control the troops! If that was the case, then…

“It’s a misunderstanding. They’re not invaders. They’re envoys sent by the immortals,” Little Six said calmly.

The captain glanced at Xu Tui and nodded. He did not say anything else. “Count the people and reorganize the troops,” Little Six ordered.

“Understood.”

This scene made Xu Tui feel truly relieved. It was worth it! It was really worth it. With such a harvest, all the risks and efforts he had put in previously were worth it.

The captain only took 30 seconds to report again, “Sir, our division still has one captain, three elites of Four Satellites, six elites of Three Satellites, 18 elites of Two Satellites, and 138 quasi-planetary soldiers. We can reorganize three to four combat teams. Do you want the Four Satellites elite to be the captain?” Little Six looked at Xu Tui when he heard that.

“Get them to stand guard on the spot,” Xu Tui sent a mental message.

A minute later, when Xu Tui was a little further away, he took out the corpses of the Five Satellites Planetary realm guards that he had accumulated previously. Including the one that Little Six had left, and the accumulation of this battle, Xu Tui currently had a total of five corpses of Five Satellites Planetary realm guards. “Little Six, let them try and see if they can use the corpses of the Five Satellites.”

“Okay!”

Then, under Xu Tui’s surprised gaze, Kitawan successfully entered the corpse of a captain under the faint envelopment of colonel token. Moreover, he completely controlled it a minute and a half later.

“Sir, it’s done. I feel that this corpse has increased my combat strength by at least 40 to 50%.” Kitawan was very excited.

Then, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas followed. Among them, Lang Xu was the fastest to control the corpse of the captain. It only took him less than a minute. Belas was the slowest. It took him two minutes to control a corpse.

“Go, bring them to reorganize.”

As expected, Little Six successfully integrated into this small army with Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others. He also allowed Kitawan, Lang Xu, Belas, and Feng Ran to successfully control a portion of the Heavenly Court Guards as

From this moment on, this group of less than 200 soldiers from the Heavenly Court had the surname Xu.

Xu Tui and Derry’s identities had been emphasized many times by the colonel under Little Six’s control. They were the envoys of the Immortals and were very important people who needed their protection.

Xu Tui had already been accepted by this small army.

He felt an inexplicable sense of security when he was accepted by this small army and protected at the center. Under the disguise of golden armor, they would be safe for the time being even if they encountered another small army.

In this safe state, Xu Tui threw away all his thoughts and began to purify the Soul Crystals he had obtained previously with all his might. While he replenished the negative power in the God Slaying Sword, he also began to recover his mind power.

Although the situation was temporarily safe now, it was still a luxury to rest for a long time to recover his mind power.

Xu Tui also gave Little Six a mission. He would lead this remnant army to patrol and gather and strengthen the main force.

The elite forces of the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, the Blue Star Humans, and the Muyas were wandering in this world. While there were as many as 300,000 guards in the southern army.

The teams of the various races must be constantly encountering the patrol teams of the Heavenly Court. Some could win, and some could escape. Even if they could win, they might not be wiped out. There were a large number of scattered soldiers wandering around.

Xu Tui wanted Little Six to take the opportunity to gather the defeated soldiers and strengthen the main force. While he was recovering his mind power, Derry was also seizing the time to cultivate.

Four hours later, Xu Tui, who had taken the opportunity to sleep for three hours, opened his eyes. Not only had his mind power completely recovered, but his mental state was also very energetic.

Xu Tui had just woken up when Little Six gave him a huge surprise. During the four hours when he was wandering around, Little Six used his status as a colonel to gather a large number of defeated soldiers.

He had gathered a total of one Five Satellites, four Four Satellites, 13 Two and Three Satellites Planetary realm experts, and 131 quasi-planetary experts. This way, the number of people controlled by Little Six had reached more than 310. Including Kitawan and the others, there were nearly 320 people.

This number had already exceeded the maximum number of people in a team of a small army. However, there was no upper limit to the reorganization of the remaining troops. As long as it was a defeated army, they could gather them.

This made Xu Tui look forward to it.

At the same time, Little Six reported the situation to Xu Tui. In the past four hours, Little Six had encountered four situations involving four races’ combat teams. However, there were no exceptions. No matter which combat team of the four races it was, they chose to retreat far away after discovering the lineup of Little Six’s team. No one attacked.

What they did not expect was that Little Six had made a detailed record of the location, strength, escape direction, and number of people of the combat teams of the four races.

At this moment, they were all reported to Xu Tui.

Suddenly, not only did Xu Tui have an idea, but he was also a little arrogant..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1