Chapter 1431 - 1431: Miniature Army

Chapter 1431 - 1431: Miniature Army

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Perhaps it was because the screams of the Spiritual Race’s Chi Min being refined by Derry were too miserable, or perhaps it was because his desire to live was too strong.

Without waiting for Chi Min to finish refining Chi Min, Feng Ran said with fear, “I… I surrender.”

Lang Xu, a Five Satellites Planetary realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race, stared at Feng Ran, but he did not speak. Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He allowed Derry to finish refining Chi Min alive, while Belas did not stay idle. The corpses of the quasi-planetary experts were also good things to him.

When Derry presented the blood crystals and soul crystals it had refined to Xu Tui, its gaze made Lang Xu, who had yet to surrender, feel his hair stand on end.

“Sir, these guys are precious. I actually refined 41 grams of Soul Crystals and 28 grams of Blood Crystals from Chi Min. Please distribute them.” As he spoke, Derry looked at Lang Xu. That gaze was like a bloody wolf. It shone with green light, causing Lang Xu’s heart to tremble.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He took 90%. “Although you refined it, I killed it. If you kill it, I’ll only take a third.”

That was the rule.

Derry nodded. There was nothing wrong with this rule. He had obtained four grams of Soul Crystals and three grams of Blood Crystals after refining them. He had gained a lot. Soul crystals, in particular, were much more precious than blood crystals.

“Sir, what about this person?” Derry finally could not help but ask.

Xu Tui shook his head indifferently when he saw this. “Since he’s unwilling to surrender, then…

“I… I surrender!” Lang Xu was anxious and immediately agreed. He then said, “However, I have a condition. If I encounter a fellow clansman, I don’t want to attack.’

Xu Tui stared at Lang Xu, but he sneered in his heart. Since he was hesitating to surrender, he could naturally break through his bottom line.

“After you surrender, you will be a guard of the Heavenly Court, not a member of the Spiritual Race! There are no conditions to negotiate here. Take it and refine it!”

“Yes, sir!”

Derry was overjoyed. The moment he picked Lang Xu up, Lang Xu said in extreme pain and helplessness, “Sir, we work for you. I hope you can keep your… promise!”

Xu Tui made a stop gesture. “To revive your physical body?”

Lang Xu nodded.

“Of course I’ll keep my promise. That’s not difficult for me, but that will depend on your performance in the war later. I’ve always been very good to loyal and brave subordinates,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright!” Lang Xu closed his eyes in pain when he heard that. He shook his mind power slightly, but he completely released his mind power domain and allowed Xu Tui’s mind power to enter. To a supernatural being cultivator, the attitude of completely letting go of the mind power domain was no different from the attitude of a beauty posed after she stripped naked.

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony. He took the opportunity to invade them with his mind power. Not only did he brand them with his Spiritual Mark, but he also took turns to use his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, advanced hypnosis, and Spiritual Concealment while their mental bodies were completely released. He used all kinds of spiritual hints and Spiritual Shackles three times before it ended.

It was double insurance!

Three minutes later, Xu Tui felt a little helpless.

Lang Xu and Feng Ran still could not enter the Five Satellites guard. They could only enter the corpses of the Four Satellites Guard of Heavenly Court to control them under Little Six’s command.

This meant that Little Six’s ability to directly control the corpse of the captain should be unique to him.

However, it was hard to say where the uniqueness was.

According to Little Six, not only did he not need to be reported when he entered and left the small universe of the Heavenly Court, but if he revealed his identity, the person-in-charge of the Heavenly Court would also have to welcome him.

Seventh-grade minister was the doorkeeper of the prime minister. Or rather, a dog followed its owner. Of course, Xu Tui only thought about it and did not say it out loud.

Little Six’s uniqueness could not be found at the moment.

However, there was a problem in front of Xu Tui.

Little Six, Kitawan, Feng Ran, and Lang Xu each controlled the corpse of a Heavenly Court guard. One Five Satellites, three Four Satellites, and at least a dozen spare tires could be exchanged. It was also a very powerful combat strength.

However, Xu Tui already had three captain-level corpses in stock. If he could get Kitawan, Feng Ran, and Lang Xu to control the corpses of the captains to participate in the battle, he might be able to try attacking the colonel team.

And here comes the contradiction. If he wanted them to control the corpse of the captain, he had to obtain the corpse of a colonel and hand it over to Little Six to control. Then, Little Six would obtain the token and let the three of them control the corpse of the captain.

It was a little like a dead cycle.

After a round of testing, he realized that Lang Xu’s mind power, which was at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, was as high as the peak of the Five

Satellites. The combat strength he could control exceeded that of Kitawan and Feng Ran.

In other words, the four Four Satellites Guard controlled by Lang Xu could fight the captain.

“If I encounter it, I might be able to try.” With this thought in mind, Xu Tui and the others once again slowly flew toward the Southern Heavenly Gate.

It was still the same rhythm of scouting and exploration. Fifteen minutes later, another Heavenly Court patrol team appeared in the sights of Xu Tui and the others.

This time, Xu Tui pressed forward without hesitation.

One Five Satellites and three Four Satellites. Their true combat strength exceeded the Four Satellites and Five Satellites in the patrol team. Coupled with Xu Tui, Derry, and Belas, they could kill them very easily without any pressure.

It only took two minutes to end the battle.

It was the same as before. Xu Tui immediately sealed the Four and Five Satellites with an ice seal. He controlled and invaded their mental bodies and obtained a spare tire. As for the rest, they would all break their chests and take out the hexagonal energy body as backup.

Xu Tui had just finished dealing with the captain and the two guards. While the others were still dealing with their bodies, Derry, who was on guard, suddenly roared.

“Sir, I discovered a Heavenly Court patrol team approaching at high speed at your ten o’clock.”

Although Derry was burly and fat, he had a speed that was different from his figure. As his wings flapped, his flying speed was even faster than Xu Tui. In his words, he had obtained the characteristics of the bloodline after using the Blood of Radiance that Xu Tui had given him to purify his bloodline. It was another characteristic of the Dragon Bloodline of Nirohogg, the characteristic of controlling the wind with his wings.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard the warning. Another dish had arrived. He was not afraid of the Heavenly Court’s patrol team. However, his expression changed the next second.

“Sir, I discovered a patrol team from the Heavenly Court at your three o’clock. There’s one at your 12 0’clock. Not good, there’s one at your eight o’clock!” Derry exclaimed.

It was a colonel team of the Heavenly Court!

Xu Tui instantly reacted. He had been bitten by a colonel team guarded by the Heavenly Court. They were half surrounded. Moreover, there were only four teams. If the patrol team from the Heavenly Court that they had killed previously was one of the teams from this colonel team, there was another team.

That was most likely a deliberate siege.

Xu Tui instantly made a decision after some consideration.

“Let’s go. Break out at three o’clock!”

A group of seven people instantly charged in the three o’clock direction. Derry was quite far away, but in an instant, he rushed to the front of the team. In the next moment, it instantly circled around, causing the Heavenly Court’s guards that were rushing over from the front to slow down. The people were slightly concentrated.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui’s huge Mountain Seal smashed down.

Although the power of the Mountain Seal would be greatly reduced if it was not compressed, it could still kill a quasi-planetary expert with a mountain.

Xu Tui and the others were like tigers entering a wolf pack after they destroyed more than ten quasi-planets with a single seal. They started a massacre. He spilled a bottle of water. A blizzard instantly appeared. The wind within a radius of hundreds of meters was filled with ice and snow, and the temperature plummeted.

At the same time, it was still strengthening.

Just as Xu Tui had expected, another team appeared in the five o’clock direction that he was in.

Xu Tui and the others had unknowingly been surrounded. Four teams instantly charged in this direction. One of them was a colonel wearing an even more complicated golden armor and a golden helmet with a red tassel fluttering on his head. His aura and identity were extremely conspicuous.

He was staring coldly at Xu Tui and the others.

Six Satellites Colonel!

As soon as the Blizzard Domain was formed, Xu Tui’s ice seal was used in the Blizzard Domain. Its power was greatly enhanced. In an instant, ice seals kept appearing.

At this moment, Xu Tui was only in a support role. He assisted the others in killing the enemy. Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Derry’s brilliant combat experience were displayed. Xu Tui’s cooperation allowed them to enter an uninhabited area. They would be able to kill their opponents in an instant if Xu Tui interfered slightly with them.

Almost ten seconds after the other four teams appeared, Xu Tui cleared out the patrol team with his cooperation before the four patrol teams entered the 1,000-meter radius of them.

At this moment, Xu Tui was bursting with confidence. He wanted to use the Blizzard Wind Domain and the strategy of flying a kite to take down this colonel team. In the end, everyone worked together to take down the Six Satellites Colonel.

After all, according to his previous experience, the true combat strength of this colonel might only be at the peak of the Five Satellites. It might not even be at the peak of the Five Satellites.

However, just as Xu Tui’s confidence was overflowing, the Six Satellites Colonel waved his hand. The four captains and guards of the four teams under him pounced out from both sides. In addition, the 28 Planetary realm guards in Two and Three Satellites, as well as the other quasi-planetary realm guards, were also stationed at the same spot. They spread out their arms and suddenly formed like ballistas.

Energy light shot out!

In an instant, energy beams attacked from all directions. Under the bombardment of the energy beams, Xu Tui reacted quickly, his Ice Shield and earth wall rose crazily. However, it was still instantly shattered. Even the Blizzard Domain shattered on the spot under this volley.

“Retreat!” Xu Tui roared and teleported away. If he did not disappear soon, he would be blasted into pieces by the volley of energy beams.

Xu Tui disappeared. Derry escaped the fastest. However, the bodies of Kitawan and Lang Xu, who were at the front, were instantly shattered by the energy light. Even Belas’s body was blasted into minced meat. Under the shattering of his head, a ball of holy light protected his mental body. Belas screamed crazily. “Sir, save me!”

Xu Tui, who had just escaped, also became anxious. In the current situation, he would probably return to the time he was liberated. Kitawan and Lang Xu, who had just surrendered, would all die here.

Xu Tui no longer had the time to sigh at how terrifying the small army guarding the Heavenly Court was. In an instant, he roared, “Little Six, bring them back!” This roar was not a voice. It was a communication of consciousness. Using his voice was too slow.

Almost at the same time, Little Six, who had just been at the edge of the energy beam, instantly rushed to the front. More than a dozen hexagonal energy bodies that had been extracted from the bodies of the guards were thrown out by Little Six, instantly attracting an energy screen.

It managed to block the volley for a moment. It was also at this moment that Little Six extended his arms and threw Lang Xu, Kitawan, Belas, and Feng Ran in Xu Tui’s direction. It was also because of this delay that the energy light screen that had just formed was blasted through by the volley of arrows. The energy light instantly blasted onto Little Six.

As Little Six’s body was half-disintegrating, an escape character appeared and disappeared with Little Six’s head.

At the same time, Xu Tui, who had brought everyone back, finally heaved a sigh of relief. He stuffed a few mental bodies or heads into the quantum dimensional chain and instantly disappeared..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1