Chapter 1437 - 1437: Delivering Himself

Chapter 1437 - 1437: Delivering Himself

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A standard patrol team of Heavenly Court pounced over. Neither Darak nor his teammates had any fear. They had already encountered several waves of patrol teams from the Heavenly Court and had already gained experience.

Moreover, with the addition of Officiant Kaedo and Derry, it would be much easier to take them down.

They could take them down without any damage.

Xu Tui loudly ordered Darak and his team members to face the enemy. Darak could only abide by his orders for the time being. However, he had already finished instructing his trusted aides. He had previously led a group of Muya elites to the solar system to explore. His trusted aides were trusted aides who had fought side by side.

He could definitely trust them.

The explanation was very simple. It would definitely be very chaotic when they faced the enemy later.

13 people against 50 guards of the Heavenly Court would definitely cause chaos. They only needed an instant to take the opportunity to kill Xu Tui, this annoying guy. Of course, even though he had made such a decision, he still had to follow Xu Tui’s instructions on the surface.

It had to be said that Xu Tui’s command was rather experienced. The positions of the members were more suitable. The only inappropriate thing was that Kaedo had placed himself at the back of the combat team.

Of course, this was not surprising.

The officiant was usually mainly to support. If they wanted to support, they had to be at the back. Although it would be slightly more difficult to kill him in the chaos at the back, there were also benefits. And that was, very few people would notice him when he was killed in the chaos.

Of course, Darak was also extremely clear.

The prerequisite for killing Officiant Kaedo in the chaos was that he had to kill a third or even half of the patrol team in front of him. Otherwise, before the external threat was resolved, the internal chaos might decrease the power under him.

He was unwilling to see that happen.

Therefore, Darak obediently listened to his orders and fought first.

As a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, his target was naturally the captain of the Heavenly Court’s patrol team.

The captain of the Heavenly Court guards was relatively weak, and he was at the peak of Five Satellites. Not only could he suppress him, but he could definitely kill the other party in a short period of time.

Darak was very confident in this.

After killing this captain, it would be time for him to find an opportunity to kill Officiant Kaedo.

However, the moment Darak fought the captain of the Heavenly Court’s patrol team, four powerful auras suddenly appeared behind Darak and the others.

As soon as these four powerful auras appeared, Darak was stunned.

When he turned around, he saw the captain of the Heavenly Court among the four suddenly appear and attack the crowd behind him.

This was especially so for one of the captains who was charging toward the quasi-planetary realm. It was like a tiger entering a flock of sheep. He killed one at a time!

In an instant, Darak’s eyes turned red. These were all his old brothers who had followed him into battle!

“Be careful behind you! Officiant Kaedo, attack quickly!” Darak roared. He wanted to turn around and save them, but he was entangled by the captain of the guards in front of him. In his anxiety, he thought of Xu Tui’s combat strength and could only roar.

It was at this moment that he saw Xu Tui’s smile.

Officiant Kaedo was looking at him with a smile. He was not anxious at all. There were no signs of him being ambushed by the enemy. No matter how slow-witted Darak was, he understood. The sudden appearance of the four captains should be related to Officiant Kaedo.

However, Darak could not understand why Officiant Kaedo was involved with the guards of the Heavenly Court.

He would believe it if the Great Xi Clan was involved.

But Officiant Kaedo…

Although he could not understand, the truth was better than anything.

“Kaedo, you…!” After cursing angrily, Darak reacted. He had been stabbed in the back by Kaedo and had four captains joining him. There was no way he could survive this battle. However, he had to spread the news and let the traitor, Kaedo, be punished! “Run! Break out of the siege yourselves! No matter who escapes alive, spread the news that Kaedo, the traitor, harmed us!” Darak roared!

Almost the moment Darak roared, the other members who were still alive broke out in all directions.

The people who turned to fight with Darak were all elites who had been through hundreds of battles. There was no need to say anything. With Darak’s order, these people broke out in all directions.

However, there were four captains attacking behind them. There were too few people who could escape. In the end, two of them escaped. Those two were quasi-planets that were good at speed.

Darak was already in despair. He was surrounded and harassed by Kaedo. The ice seals continued to seal him. He had to constantly break through the restrictions and deal with the attacks of the Heavenly Court guards.

For the first time, he felt the helplessness of Bunet.

Officiant Kaedo was too difficult to deal with. Still, two of his comrades managed to escape. As long as they escaped and contacted the other teams of the Muyas, they would be able to expose Kaodo’s true identity and punish the traitor.

However, in the next moment, Darak froze.

A large group of people suddenly surged out from the direction where the two quasi-planetary experts had escaped. From afar, they surged towards the two people who had escaped.

Two more patrol teams from the Heavenly Court?

How did Kaedo cooperate with so many Heavenly Court guards?

An endless chill assaulted him. Under the continuous ice seals, the attacks of the two Four Satellites guards, Darak was severely injured. Then, he was wrapped up like a dumpling and sealed layer by layer.

Then, Xu Tui teleported continuously and used the ice seal to seal the other two Planetary realm experts who had been severely injured by Kitawan and Lang Xu.

The other quasi-planets were all killed.

None of them escaped alive.

Perfect!

“Darak, where’s your holy light ball?” Xu Tui asked.

“Kaedo, why? How dare you?” Darak roared.

Xu Tui did not waste his breath on him. He immediately controlled the ice seal to explode. With a loud bang, it severely injured Darak, but it was immediately sealed. However, this explosion also caused Darak’s personal holy token and holy power bag to fall out.

The Muyas did not have a quantum dimensional chain, but the higher-ups had a holy power bag.

This kind of holy power bag could be opened with holy power. Xu Tui broke open Darak’s personal holy bag in front of him. “Wow, you’re quite rich. There

were seven Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. You actually have… 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals. You’re really rich.”

However, the Origin Crystals were covered in blood. Xu Tui roughly understood where so many of Darak’s spoils came from.

“Why?” Darak could not understand why the officiant would treat him like this. That shouldn’t be the case! Shouldn’t the officiant be the Lord’s most loyal warrior? And he was also the most loyal warrior.

“Why? Let me tell you.” Xu Tui used his consciousness to send a voice transmission to Darak. “I’m actually a human from the Blue Star. Do you believe me?” Darak’s eyes widened. He stared at Xu Tui in disbelief. Xu Tui laughed. He threw Darak to Derry. “Derry, refine him alive!”

He did not even have the intention to control Darak. He would not give a guy whose hands were covered in the blood of countless Blue Star humans a chance to surrender. It was already letting him off easy by refining him alive.

During the process of being refined alive, Darak glared. He wanted to ask and know the truth. He had many questions. Why was the officiant impersonated by the Blue Star Humans? Also, was the traitor that they had been searching for this Kaedo?

Yes! It must be!

Looking at Xu Tui’s expression, Darak was certain. Darak wanted to tell Bishop Xiliude that Kaedo was a traitor. Kaedo was the traitor who had caused the Muya expeditionary force to suffer heavy losses!

Unfortunately, he did not have the chance. A minute later, he lost his chance forever. He had already been refined into a Soul Crystal by Derry. It had to be said that the mental enhancement that the Muyas gave to the warriors under them was still very powerful.

The other Muya Planetary realm cultivator who had been captured alive had witnessed the terrifying scene of Darak being refined alive.

However, he would rather die than surrender.

Okay, as he wished! When this fellow was personally refined by Xu Tui, he even shouted their lord’s name. Xu Tui felt a little helpless. After quickly dealing with this guy, Xu Tui looked at the last Planetary realm captive.

It was Carillo, who was also an officiant. He was an officiant at the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui had already lost his patience. He could not waste time here. He wanted to refine him if he did not surrender. However, what surprised Xu Tui was that before he could speak, Carillo surrendered.

“Officiant Kaedo, I surrender! I surrender. I can do anything you want as long as you let me live!” Carillo said.

Xu Tui: ‘ .

This was a little ironic. Shouldn’t the officiants be the most determined group of people among the Muyas? Even though it was ironic, when he thought about it carefully, ordinary warriors and elites among the Muyas had very strong beliefs.

On the other hand, the people closest to their so-called Lord did not seem to be very pious to the Lord.

For example, the officiants and the nobles.

Previously, there was Gabe and Derry. Now, there was this Carrillo. Since Carillo was so cooperative, Xu Tui was happy to control him. He realized that the guards of the Heavenly Court could not be put into his quantum dimensional chain.

However, the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards controlled by the mental bodies of the people he have could be put into the quantum dimensional chain.

He had another Five Satellites Planetary realm combatant beside him who could be thrown out at any time.

Carillo was no longer qualified to be picky about surviving in a mental body. A few minutes later, Xu Tui completed his control and gave Carillo a Five Satellites Planetary realm corpse. The power under him had grown again. At the same time, a message suddenly came from Xu Tui’s personal holy token.

“Officiant Kaedo, this is Neff. Please answer if you copy!”

This news made Xu Tui ecstatic.. He did not find Neff, but he delivered himself to his door!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1