Chapter 1436 - 1436: Adorable Heavenly Court Guards

Chapter 1436 - 1436: Adorable Heavenly Court Guards

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Why did Xu Tui choose Neff’s team?

The reason was also very direct.

Neff was the commander-in-chief chosen by Bishop Xiliude to explore the small universe. After the later stages of the meeting, everyone, including all the officiants who participated in the battle, had to listen to Neff’s orders.

Neff was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. If he had the enhancement of the officiant, he would be able to unleash the combat strength of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Among all the Muyas who had entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court this time, who knew the most?

It was definitely Neff.

Bishop Xiliude must have told Neff something else. At the same time, the reason why Bishop Xiliude explained the function of the Holy Light Ball so vaguely was probably because he could not find the traitor previously.

In that case, Xu Tui had to take down Neff.

If he could take down Neff, he was confident that he could get information out of him as long as he did not have 100% iron bone. Or rather, if he could get close to Neff, he would think of a way to use his identity to obtain information from him even if he did not take him down.

Many plans had the same goal. As for whether he could take down Neff?

Xu Tui felt that it was possible. Although Neff could unleash the combat strength of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm with the enhancement of the officiant,

if Xu Tui had approached him earlier, he would have immediately asked his subordinates to kill the officiants beside him. There was only one officiant beside Neff. Then, at all costs, he would severely injure Neff and capture him alive.

Xu Tui did not believe that more than 300 Heavenly Court guards could not deal with Neff.

Then, he would be able to know about the Muyas’ plans for the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

In fact, Xu Tui could tell from Feng Xian’s situation that the higher-ups of the other races actually understood each other.

The Spiritual Race also had some understanding of the Muyas.

In that case, did Neff also have some understanding of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan? He did not know about the Great Xi Clan at the moment, but the Muyas and the Spiritual Race definitely had special arrangements. The holy light ball and the ancient jade talisman in Xu Tui’s hand were evidence.

Xu Tui followed the direction that Little Six had determined previously. The Heavenly Court guards led by Little Six spread out in small teams to search for possible traces.

After all, several hours had passed.

So far, due to the special terrain Heavenly Court, most of the exploration teams had tried their best to move in a straight line as it was easy to get lost here.

Xu Tui only dared to pursue them like this because he was relying on the troops under Little Six.

Little Six was constantly gathering the lone guards of the Heavenly Court along the way because of the colonel’s token.

As Neff’s forces were advancing in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

They would definitely encounter more and more guards from the Heavenly Court along the way. In that case, these lone Heavenly Court guards might be the defeated troops. They could take the opportunity to collect information.

Xu Tui had another divine artifact that could track Neff.

The personal holy token.

The personal holy tokens of the Muyas could contact each other, but that was only if there was a statue. The statue that had been brought to the small universe of the Heavenly Court in a hurry was not much. The range of contact was limited.

However, the closer Xu Tui got to Neff, the easier it was to contact him.

This was Xu Tui’s other confidence.

Along the way, Little Six continuously gathered the remaining troops of the Heavenly Court’s guards. The troops under his command slowly gathered above 400 people.

This seemed to be another problem with the military system of the Heavenly Court. As long as they gathered the defeated soldiers, it seemed that there was no upper limit to the number of people under the command of the colonel.

The captain did not have the authority to gather the defeated soldiers other than the soldiers under his command.

The defeated soldiers kept giving Xu Tui the information he needed. There was indeed a team of Muyas ahead. They were very powerful.

Of course, some of the guards of the Heavenly Court were defeated by teams from other races. Some were from the Spiritual Race, and some were from the Blue Star Human Race. This meant that the elites of the various races who entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court were all very powerful.

They had already found the direction and were all advancing with difficulty in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Strangely, there was no trace of the Great Xi Clan in the intelligence of all the defeated soldiers that they had gathered.

Xu Tui contacted Cai Shaochu regularly through the colonies of Tri Ling Ding.

According Cai Shaochu’s feedback, not only did they not see the teams from the Great Xi Clan, the other human teams did not encounter them so far.

It was a little strange.

Where did the Great Xi Clan go?

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of urgency when he thought about the fact that there might be a connection between the Great Xi Clan and the guards of the Heavenly Court. He maintained a certain distance from the army led by Little Six. They kept chasing after them, as if they were getting closer and closer to the Muya team.

However, he tried to contact Neff with his personal holy token a few times, but he could not.

Logically speaking, he should be able to contact Neff with his personal holy token at such a close distance.

Unfortunately, he did not. Half an hour later, Xu Tui, who was chasing after them, did discover a team of Muyas. After quickly approaching them, he was shocked to discover that it was not Neff.

It was Darak!

It was actually Darak, the commander of the Muya expeditionary army who had first invaded the solar system. It was this ferocious person.

The team led by Darak was also very powerful. One was a Four Satellites, and the other was a Two Satellites officiant.

Darak had clearly also noticed Xu Tui. He walked over in a state of vigilance.

When he saw that there was only Xu Tui and Derry, he heaved a sigh of relief.

However, with Xu Tui’s status as the officiant, Darak still maintained a little respect. After some communication, Darak said carefully, “Lord Kaedo, since your team has suffered heavy losses, follow my team for the time being. “With your participation, our team’s combat strength will be even stronger.”

“Sure, but you should be the ones joining my team, right?” At this moment, Xu Tui, who had already made a decision, acted very arrogant.

Darak was stunned.

“Sir, this… The theory is indeed so. You should be the leader! However, at the moment, Lord Xiliude has ordered me to be the captain of this team. Therefore, out of respect for Lord Xiliude, I think that I should be the one in command. You’re temporarily in my team. You’ll form a new team after you find our lost teammates.” Darak was very cooperative and mentioned Bishop Xiliude.

Xu Tui sneered. “What do you mean? Are you mocking me for losing too many of my teammates? Who do you think you are?”

He started arguing with Darak.

Xu Tui was the favorite in front of Bishop Xiliude. He did not dare to interrupt when he saw Xu Tui’s unreasonable manner. Darak, who had been scolded by Xu Tui, had an ugly expression. The aura around him fluctuated.

To be honest, if it were not for the fact that Xu Tui had previously displayed the powerful combat strength of a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, and that there were too many people now, Darak would have wanted to silence him.

Who would know if he killed an annoying guy like Kaedo?

Unfortunately, there were too many people. Darak did not have absolute confidence. If he could not kill him, he would be finished.

After thinking about it, Darak felt that it was better to swallow this anger. He would swallow this anger first before slowly looking for an opportunity to kill Xu Tui.

They would continuously encounter patrolling guards from the Heavenly Court during the rest of the journey. In the battle, he only needed to do a little trick to make Xu Tui, who was also Officiant Kaedo, die normally.

It could not be more normal. At that time, he would vent all his anger.

With this thought in mind, Darak slowly let out a long sigh and endured it. There will come a time when Kaedo regrets it.

How could Xu Tui, who had activated his mental perception, not know what Darak was thinking? His spiritual resonance had already transmitted a lot of malice to him. It was obvious that he had the intention to kill Xu Tui.

However, Xu Tui did not mind at all.

The reason why he targeted Darak so arrogantly was actually to kill him. It was to stall for time and wait for the army led by Little Six to surround them.

In reality, even if Little Six’s army did not come, Xu Tui would be able to kill Darak.

Xu Tui did not believe that Darak could survive his God Slaying Sword. He could also release Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas to assist in the battle. It would definitely not be a problem.

The reason why he was waiting was that there were many people on Darak’s side. Xu Tui had to ensure that no one escapes alive. Otherwise, he might be exposed and it would not be beneficial to his subsequent operations.

He might not be able to obtain extremely important information from Neff.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry when he saw that Darak had admitted defeat. He only targeted this team and took the opportunity to reprimand him.

Darak endured it.

Xu Tui felt his anger dissipated slightly when he saw how helpless he was. A minute later, a vigilant Muya suddenly shouted, “Sir, we have discovered a patrol team of Heavenly Court guards.”

“Alright, get ready to fight!” Darak was overjoyed and immediately gave the order. However, just as the order was given, a holy light flashed in his eyes.

Slap!

Xu Tui slapped Darak’s face.

Darak was stunned. He actually slapped his face! He was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Even the officiant could not insult him like this! In an instant, Darak’s blood boiled. However, Xu Tui’s reprimand assaulted him. “Are you the commander or am I the commander?

“Why did you snatch my command?” Xu Tui scolded.

Darak froze. He bit his lip in a daze and forcefully swallowed his breath. However, he kept telling himself in his heart.

Hang in there a little longer.

He would hold on a little longer. When the battle with the Heavenly Court’s patrol team began, he would take the opportunity to completely kill Officiant

Kaedo.

During the killing process, he would kill anyone who saw anything unusual. If the mental body of Officiant Kaedo could survive independently, he would definitely restrain it and torture it!

“Let’s fight!” Xu Tui gave the order casually.

Darak looked at a Heavenly Court patrol team that was quickly pouncing over from afar, and a ferocious light shone in his eyes.

Right away!

He could immediately kill Officiant Kaedo and vent his anger! Even if he was seen by his companions, it would not be a problem! He would silence them!

At this moment, Darak looked at the Heavenly Court guards who were pouncing over and felt that these Heavenly Court guards were really cute.

They were too f*cking cute!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1