Chapter 1432 - 1432: A Rare Chance

Chapter 1432 - 1432: A Rare Chance

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The ability of teleportation was really an escape weapon.

In ten seconds, Xu Tui teleported more than 50 times in a disorderly manner and got rid of the colonel team. He barely had a safe distance.

Xu Tui was not dejected after experiencing so many storms. It was because he had been a little careless when he dealt with the patrol team of the Heavenly Court guards. The difference in combat strength between a patrol team and a small army led by a colonel was too great.

The difference in numbers was five to six times, but the difference in combat strength was more than ten times.

Xu Tui held a purified Soul Crystal in his hand. While he quickly recovered the mind power he had expended, he also took out the few mental bodies that he had put into the quantum dimensional chain.

Living people could not put it into the quantum dimensional chain, but mental bodies could, including the guards of the Heavenly Court who had been possessed by other mental bodies.

Xu Tui silently took out a brand new captain-level corpse. He took it out and Little Six’s mental body instantly drilled into it.

Little Six was revived. Then, it was Kitawan, Lang Xu, and Feng Ran. The corpses of the new Heavenly Court guards revived them. Of course, it was not a full recovery. Actually, be it in battle or controlling the corpses of the guards, it would consume a small amount of their mind power. Therefore, each of them had a medium-sized purified Soul Crystal to replenish the consumption of their mental body.

In the end, Xu Tui looked at Belas, who was enveloped by a ball of holy light. This guy was a little weak. He had been instantly killed by the energy beams just now. If not for the unique holy light of the Muyas and the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token that Xu Tui had given him, his soul would have completely dissipated.

“Sir, I…” Belas was on the brink of tears. If he lost his physical body, it could be said that his future was over.

Although most of the Muyas cultivated both their mental and physical Bodies, there was still a difference.

The officiant from the Holy Temple placed more emphasis on cultivating mind power. As non-nobles, especially those who had used the Sacred Blood, they placed more importance on cultivating their bodies.

Now that his physical body was gone, his future was over. Even if Xu Tui found him a brand new body, it would be useless. For a moment, Belas was very depressed.

Xu Tui did not have the time to waste during battle. He only stared coldly at Belas and said, “If you want to die, you can do it now. If you don’t want to die, you can try to enter the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards and control these corpses to fight.

“In the future, if you could control the corpses of a Five or Six Satellites guard, it would probably be much better than cultivating on your own. What do you choose? Hurry up.”

Belas made a decision almost instantly. He had seen Xu Tui’s ruthlessness many times. If he continued to be depressed like this, there was a possibility that Xu Tui would kill him. “Sir, I am willing to control the corpses of the guards and continue to work for you.”

“Alright, work hard. Anything is possible.”

Ten seconds later, with the help of the captain token in Little Six’s hand, Bolas controlled the corpse of a Four Satellites Planetary realm guard and quickly adapted.

Although Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas controlled the corpses of the Four Satellites guards of the Heavenly Court, their strengths were different.

Lang Xu was the strongest and could unleash the strength of Five Satellites. Feng Ran was second, and Kitawan was third. Belas’s actual combat strength was the lowest, but he was still a little stronger than the guards of the Four Satellites guards of Heavenly Court.

In just a few minutes, Xu Tui’s small team was almost revived.

Not far away, Derry, who was on guard, seized the time to absorb the blood crystals. He was really anxious. The outcome of Belas just now made him realize that he was not strong enough.

Although Belas eventually survived in another form, he was really unwilling to do that. Putting everything else aside, although these guards of the Heavenly Court were iron lumps, they definitely did not have any majesty. He had studied them.

That was one of his favorite pleasures. He did not want to say goodbye to it. Therefore, at this moment, he was working exceptionally hard.

“Sir, we haven’t found any patrol teams approaching for the time being.” Derry, who was circling nearby at high speed to scout, kept reporting the situation.

Xu Tui looked in the direction where he had fled in a sorry state. Other than a hint of unwillingness in his eyes, there was also a hint of determination.

A chance…

To a certain extent, the defeat just now was Xu Tui’s chance. Ordinary colonel team of the Heavenly Court led six patrol teams of the Heavenly Court, a total of 307 people. However, Xu Tui and the others had destroyed two patrol teams from the Heavenly Court. There were only four patrol teams left.

This was the result of risking his life just now.

Looking at the way the colonel fought just now, the more people there were, the more terrifying it was. In that case, if they took the initiative to create an opportunity and eliminate one to two patrol teams, the combat strength of such a small army would be greatly reduced.

However, if he gave up this opportunity, he might encounter a full team of elites the next time he encountered a certain colonel team.

Who knew if they could all escape and successfully reduce their numbers if they encountered another crisis just now?

Therefore, Xu Tui felt that this was actually his chance. They only needed to reduce the number of people in this small army by a little, and they would have a lot of potential.

Xu Tui carefully thought about the combat method of the small army just now. A minute later, he came up with a battle plan.

“Little Six, bring the colonies of Tri Ling Ding and the others and move in this direction- Then. wait for mv orders.”

Xu Tui had enough Origin Crystals in his hands, so he could still get Tri Ling Ding to split into another high-level colony. Especially since he had given this fellow several Silver Spirit Boxes. With the body of the Heavenly Court guard that could accommodate his mental body, the distance that Little Six could leave Xu Tui had greatly increased.

In the next moment, Xu Tui instantly left.

Xu Tui still remembered the distance he had fled just now. In less than five minutes, he found the small army. They were searching in a small-scale battle group.

Xu Tui quickly approached. Almost instantly, the colonel also noticed Xu Tui. He waved his hand, and the two captains and four guards quickly surrounded Xu Tui. The other troops, under the command of the colonel, split into two combat methods and surrounded him.

The 3,000-meter combat distance was instantly covered. The Mountain Flying Sword instantly flew out. The moment it killed one of the Four Satellites and severely injured the other, the remaining Five and Four Satellites closed in on

Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s black eye appeared and instantly disappeared.

Teleportation!

However, this time, he appeared behind a team that was fighting in a group. The moment he appeared, the Mountain Seal instantly blasted down. However, Xu Tui did not even look at the outcome the moment it landed. He teleported again.

He disappeared.

The moment he disappeared, the energy arrows of the Six Satellites Planetary realm colonel had already hit the place where Xu Tui had disappeared. The energy instantly exploded, but there were no results.

When he appeared again, the Mountain Seal blasted down on the crowd, and Xu Tui disappeared.

The colonel who was chasing after him was still a step too late. In two times, Xu Tui had killed 16 quasi-planetary experts and three Two Satellites Planetary realm experts under the nose of this colonel.

This made the colonel very angry. However, this colonel clearly had a commanding mind. In an instant, the two groups of people merged and formed an energy defense array.

At this moment, Xu Tui appeared behind the elite guards who had chased after him and turned around. He instantly killed another Four Satellites Planetary realm expert. However, the enemy was not an idiot. The two Five Satellites Planetary realm experts instantly pestered Xu Tui.

One energy light landed on Xu Tui before he disappeared. The colonel was overjoyed. He instantly led a few elites and chased after him. Xu Tui, who had appeared again after teleporting, saw the colonel chasing after him. Joy appeared in his eyes. He pretended to panic and escape, but he secretly sent a message to Little Six.

His chance was here!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1