Chapter 1438 - 1438: Military Order To Defend

Chapter 1438 - 1438: Military Order to Defend

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The fact that he could contact Xu Tui with his personal holy token meant that

Neff was not too far away from him. It was highly likely that he was 2,000 to 3,000 kilometers away. With the normal flying speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse, it might only take 15 to 30 minutes.

Neff was very close to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui rubbed his hands excitedly. He immediately confirmed with Neff, then confirmed the location method.

Every three minutes, Neff would activate the statue for three seconds. In these three seconds, as long as Xu Tui activated his personal holy token and was within a certain range, he would be able to vaguely sense the approximate location of the Lord’s statue. He just had to walk towards this approximate location.

After confirming the location, Neff gave Xu Tui an order. As the commander of the fourth combat brigade of the Muya Expeditionary Force, Neff had the right to give Xu Tui orders. He ordered Xu Tui to gather at his location after he found it.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui sensed the approximate location of the statue of the supreme Lord of the Muyas. Neff was about a little to the left of the Southern Heavenly Gate. The distance could not be calculated. The direction was very blurry.

However, what was certain was that as long as he approached this general direction and corrected it every three minutes, he would soon be able to find

Neff.

Neff was a big fish in Xu Tui’s target. He rubbed his hands excitedly. He immediately made arrangements for Little Six. He had asked Little Six to bring the army of guards under him and get closer to his target, while he brought Derry and approached Neff.

Bringing an army over directly would alert the enemy.

Xu Tui planned to follow his previous strategy and get close to Neff first. Then, he would guide the army to complete the encirclement in the distance and fight. Then, he would stab them in the back.

This way, even if Neff and his subordinates were extremely powerful, they would still be taken down by Xu Tui.

After all, Xu Tui was not the only one who had stabbed them in the back. There was also Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas, and Carillo, who were controlling the corpses of the captains.

Although the five of them who controlled the corpses of the captains were a little weaker than the true Five Satellites, they had barely reached the level of the Five Satellites.

Five captains and Xu Tui’s super support were enough.

Xu Tui quickly approached Neff. He also maintained contact with Neff and corrected his direction every three minutes.

Xu Tui’s flying speed was faster than that of an ordinary Planetary realm powerhouse. However, he maintained his speed in order to prevent the Heavenly Court guards led by Little Six from falling too far behind.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui sensed the location of the Lord’s statue again. The location of the Lord’s statue was already very clear in his holy power remote sensing.

Xu Tui felt that he would be able to meet up with Neff in three minutes at most.

He specially staved where he was for a minute- He waited for T little Six’s army

to get closer before quickly advancing.

Two and a half minutes later, he could already see the strange figures of the Muyas from afar. However, it could not be seen clearly through the countless clouds. He quickly flew in. After he was nearly 50 kilometers away, a Muya figure suddenly stopped Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Lord Bunet, why are you here?” It was Bunet who stopped Xu Tui.

“We’ve already met up with Lord Neff and are waiting for you. I’ll be on guard here! Kaedo, what happened?” Bunet looked at the lonely Derry behind Xu Tui and was a little worried.

Xu Tui had a dejected expression. “We encountered the Heavenly Court’s patrol team consecutively. Our team suffered heavy losses. Currently, only Derry and I are alive. The others have all died in battle.”

Bunet was stunned for a moment. He nodded slowly. This was normal.

“It’s fine. It’s already very good that your team can do this with their strength. Kaedo, I’m really happy to see that you’re fine.

“Hurry up and meet Lord Neff. They’ll be very happy to see that you’re fine,” Bunet said.

“They?” Xu Tui suddenly stopped.

“Don’t you know? Of the eight teams, Lord Neff has already gathered six. Only you and Darak’s team haven’t arrived yet,” Bunet said.

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. Neff had actually gathered the other Muyas together. Didn’t that mean that Neff had at least 20 Planetary realm experts under him?

“By the way, Lord Bunet, how are the losses of the other teams?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“The other teams are quite lucky. Most of them lost quasi-planetary experts. Don’t worry, no one will blame you. The strength around you is really too weak,” Bunet said.

Xu Tui smiled. Then, he brought Derryn and flew in Neff’s direction. After only a second of consideration, he made the decision to ask Little Six to delay the encirclement. He immediately contacted Tri Ling Ding’s high -level colony and sent a contact signal to Little Six.

There were a total of 25 Planetary realm experts from the Muyas. Xu Tui had killed three of them, and he had two by his side. In other words, there were at least 20 Planetary realm experts on Neff’s side.

In terms of strength, there were more than 50 Planetary realm guards gathered by Little Six. This was not counting the combat strength of the five captains that Xu Tui could throw out.

However, he did not have much of an advantage. At most, it would be a battle.

Xu Tui and Little Six would definitely win. However, it was hard to say if they could capture Neff in the end. What was certain was that the losses would definitely be heavy. This was especially so since Neff could unleash the combat strength of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse with the enhancement of the other officiants.

Xu Tui felt that since there was no possibility of capturing Neff alive, he would get closer first and see what Neff would do.

At the same time, Xu Tui planned to contact Cai Shaochu. Since he did not have enough strength, he would look for external help. If Cai Shaochu, Pei Tiefeng, and the others could participate in the battle, their chances of taking down Neff would be much higher.

Xu Tui had already given Little Six an order when he arrived in front of Neff. As expected, just as Bunet had said, Neff was not surprised that Xu Tui had become an empty commander.

This was too normal. He simply asked Xu Tui to rest and recover at the side. However, Neff contacted Darak anxiously. A few minutes later, Neff’s dissatisfied voice rang out. “That idiot, Darak. We’ve already contacted him half an hour ago, but he’s out of the range now. Is he that stupid?”

Neff looked a little anxious.

Darak would probably never be able to arrive. At this moment, Darak’s personal

holy token and holy bag were all in Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain.

However, Neff’s expression made Xu Tui suddenly realize that something had happened to him since he was so anxious.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui slowly flew to Neff’s side. “Lord Neff, what should we do next? What do you need me to do so that I can prepare in advance?” Xu Tui’s attitude was very sincere.

Neff glanced at Xu Tui and said directly, “The Great Xi Clan might be done soon. Let’s wait for Darak for another five minutes. If he’s not here in five minutes, we’ll set off. Let’s see if we could rush into the Southern Heavenly Gate during the chaos. Recover your strength well and be prepared for battle at any time.”

“Okay!” Xu Tui responded and asked, “Lord Neff, that’s right. Along the way, I’ve encountered teams from the Spiritual Race or even the Blue Star Humans, but I’ve never seen a team from the Great Xi Clan! Did you guys see them?”

“It would be strange if you could see a team from the Great Xi Clan. Didn’t you notice that the guards of this small universe of the Heavenly Court are very similar to the Great Xi Clan?” Neff said helplessly.

“I noticed. Is there any connection between them?”

“Yes!” Neff nodded, but then paused. “But this is extremely complicated. The bishop only told me a small part of it. There’s no time to talk about it now. You’d better consult the bishop yourself when you get back.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui did not ask further, but he had already confirmed that Neff definitely knew something. Moreover, the Great Xi Clan might have already produced clear results.

At the side, Xu Tui’s mind power enveloped him faintly. However, he took the opportunity to send this news to Cai Shaochu through the colony of Tri Ling Ding.

Without Bishop Xiliude around, Xu Tui was not afraid that he would be discovered if he used Tri Ling Ding to send a signal.

Currently, among all the Planetary realm powerhouses present, there was definitely no one whose mind power could reach the sixth halo.

Among the Planetary realm powerhouses here, Xu Tui was first in terms of mind power.

Soon, Cai Shaochu gave Xu Tui a reply. There should be something strange about the Great Xi Clan. So far, none of the Blue Star teams that he could contact had discovered a Great Xi Clan.

Five minutes passed in the blink of an eye. When the time was up, Neff put the statue of Lord in his hand into the holy power bag.

“We won’t wait anymore. We can’t wait any longer. Let’s set off! Everyone, gather. Bunet, the three of you, Five Satellites, continue to be on guard. If you discover the guards of the Heavenly Court, warn us. Gather your superior forces and annihilate them! ”

“Understood!”

Then, the Muyas gathered together, including Derry, a total of 21 Planetary realms and 47 quasi-planetary experts, quickly advanced in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

The speed of advancement was much faster than Xu Tui had imagined.

“Lord Neff, will we encounter the main force of the Heavenly Court guards? Is their main force still very terrifying?” Xu Tui probed carefully.

“You came late, so you don’t know much. Actually, the frequency of encountering the guards of the Heavenly Court has greatly decreased since more than an hour ago,” Neff said.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. He had not noticed it previously. It was true. After killing Darak, it took him more than 20 minutes to get here. However, in these 20 minutes, he did not encounter any patrols or defeated soldiers from the Heavenly Court.

Little Six’s feedback was that he could no longer gather the patrol teams and defeated soldiers of the Heavenly Court.

After all, there were a lot of troops there. But now, it was the opposite.

“Lord Neff, why did this happen?” Xu Tui asked.

“The Great Xi Clan! It must be the Great Xi Clan.” Neff’s words were ambiguous. If he was unwilling to say more, Xu Tui could not ask further. He could only follow quickly.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui, who was flying at high speed, suddenly received a message from Little Six.

“Xu Tui, I suddenly received an order from General Jin Tai to quickly return to the Southern Heavenly Gate camp to defend after receiving the order. What should we do?”

Jin Tai? Xu Tui found this name a little familiar. It seemed that there was a guy in the Great Xi Clan whose name was Jin Tai, but Xu Tui could not remember it clearly.

Xu Tui hesitated for two seconds before making a decision. “You’ll return according to the military orders. If you can sneak into the Southern Heavenly Gate, you’ll enter first. If anything happens, you have to protect yourself. Pay attention to avoiding our path.”

“Understood.”

Twenty minutes later, a majestic city pass that was emitting a thick energy light appeared in front of Xu Tui and the others.

However, what attracted the most attention was the row of people from the Great Xi who were not wearing golden helmets and armor standing on the city tower.

Xu Tui was stunned..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1