Chapter 1439 - 1439: Betrayal And Reason (1)

Chapter 1439 - 1439: Betrayal and Reason (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Great Xis were very similar to the guards of the Heavenly Court, but the difference was still very obvious.

The first difference was the standard golden helmet and golden armor. However, this was not an absolute difference. After all, a standard golden helmet and golden armor could be worn.

The second important difference was actually the skin color of the Great Xi Clan.

The metal color of the guards of the Heavenly Court was very obvious. Xu Tui had seen them from the quasi-planetary realm to the Six Satellites Planetary realm. The metal color around their bodies ranged from light silver to silver-white to light golden. The colors were very eye-catching.

He looked very handsome and gorgeous.

Moreover, the entire body structure was vigorous and imposing. The surrounding structure was very obvious. Standing there, it was undoubtedly domineering and vigorous.

Especially when paired with the golden helmet and golden armor, it would be extremely oppressive if they stood in two rows.

However, in the Great Xi Clan, the color of metal generally had the characteristics of sub-light absorption. When the light shone on it, it would definitely not reflect the light. The color of the metal was dark, gray, and heavy. The structure of the entire body was mainly linear and was closer to human characteristics.

In fact, in terms of structure, it had a greater sense of agility and power.

“Does the Great Xi Clan control the Southern Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court?” Xu Tui asked in shock.

Neff glanced at Xu Tui but did not answer immediately. Instead, he carefully commanded the troops to maintain a distance of at least 3,000 meters from the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass, including the tall corner building.

On the city tower, at the Defense Corner Tower, and on the city wall, a large number of Heavenly Court guards were lined up. The atmosphere was sinister. Just standing there, killing intent assaulted him.

Not to mention anything else, with so many quasi-planetary and Planetary realm guards, the Seven Satellites would probably not be able to withstand it as long as they locked onto the location and attacked at the same time.

Xu Tui did not know much about the strength of the Eight and Nine Satellites. He did not dare to make a judgment.

What he could confirm was that based on the current situation of the Great Xi Clan occupying the Southern City Pass and controlling the army of guards of the Heavenly Court, not to mention the elites of the Muyas here, even if they gathered all the elites of the other two races who had entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court this time, they would not have any possibility of breaking through the Southern Heavenly Gate.

There were more than 10,000 people from the Heavenly Court’s defense army that appeared in the Southern Heavenly Gate Tower, the city walls, the Defense Corner Tower, the sky, and the terraces.

There was no possibility of breaking through the 10 ,ooo-strong army.

Not to mention that there might be about 200,000 Heavenly Court troops inside the city pass. Even so, he had yet to consider the defensive ability of the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Xu Tui seriously suspected that even if all the Muyas, the Blue Star humans, and the Spiritual Race gathered here and attacked together, they would not be able to break through the energy defense barrier.

Considering all of this, the Southern Heavenly Gate was definitely a despairing defensive fortress. In that case, the defense of the other three Heavenly Gates in the Heavenly Court’s small universe would not be too bad.

That was where the problem was.

Under such a powerful and almost unsolvable defense, how did the small universe of the Heavenly Court fall to the point that it could only be preserved by sealing itself?

There were many answers, but the most likely one was internal. Since ancient times, all the invincible defensive fortresses had been disintegrated from the inside.

What happened to the small universe of the Heavenly Court back then?

From the current discoveries, the control of the person in charge of the Heavenly Court back then was very powerful. So why had it come to this? It was a little mysterious!

“It’s still a little late. However, there’s nothing I can do.” After adjusting the team to a safe distance, Neff looked at the Great Xi Clan on the city wall and sighed softly. “The Great Xi Clan has a natural advantage in this area,” Neff said.

“Natural advantage?”

“That’s right. Just like the Holy Light Ball in our hands, they should have something similar.” Neff finally answered Xu Tui’s question.

Xu Tui nodded thoughtfully.

In that case, were there still Muyas or people similar to Muyas in this small universe of the Heavenly Court? And they might exist behind the Southern Heavenly Gate, inside the true Heavenly Court. Otherwise, why would Neff say that the Holy Light Ball had the same effect? In that case, what was the Spiritual Race’s ancient jade talisman for? Was there an existence like the Spiritual Race inside?

However, if one did not look at the height of the Spiritual Race, they seemed to be exactly the same as humans under most circumstances.

“Lord Neff, how do we enter?” Xu Tui asked again.

A defensive fortress like the Southern Heavenly Gate had already been occupied by the Great Xi Clan. From Xu Tui’s point of view, it was impossible to break in unless there was an additional tunnel.

And the possibility of an additional tunnel was basically impossible. On the other hand, Neff, who had the mission of Bishop Xiliude, only sighed. He did not show any signs of anxiety. Xu Tui felt that Neff definitely had a way to pass.

Neff glanced at Xu Tui. He did not want to answer, but when he thought about how Xu Tui was the officiant and could be considered a popular person in front of Bishop Xiliude, he continued to point at the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass. “Do you see the Great Xi Clan here?”

“I did.’

“What did you find?”

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He swept his gaze past them again. Suddenly, he had an idea. “There are a total of 30 Planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan who came in. I can see more than 25 of them in this city..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1