Chapter 1448 - 1448: Tricked By The Heavenly Tribulation

Chapter 1448 - 1448: Tricked by the Heavenly Tribulation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The inexplicable palpitations coming from the endless white clouds surprised Xu Tui, but he was also very vigilant. As he suppressed the fluctuations of the main planet of mind power, he carefully extended his mind power. At the same time, he prepared the Mountain Seal and his left eye.

The Mountain Seal could attack and defend. If a powerful enemy attacked, the black eye in his left eye could allow Xu Tui to instantly teleport and escape. He did this because he felt an inexplicable sense of fear. It was a form of danger.

This danger might be caused by the spying of an expert or the attention of his mind power. Therefore, Xu Tui was exceptionally careful at this moment.

It would have been fine if Xu Tui did not use the Mountain Seal. He had just used the Mountain Seal when the feeling that made his heart palpitate from the endless white clouds instantly increased exponentially.

Xu Tui was a little confused. He did not find any enemies. However, that dangerous and terrifying aura was constantly increasing. The originally white clouds suddenly became gloomy and heavy. This scene looked a little familiar.

Heavenly tribulation!

Suddenly, these two words popped up in Xu Tui’s mind. He suddenly reacted. Almost instantly, he wanted to ask the person who set the rules for the heavenly tribulation.

Could he give someone a way out?

Damn it!

Before this, Xu Tui had communicated with Little Six countless times about his breakthrough and the heavenly tribulation.

His cultivation was a little complicated. First, it was the Genetic Miracle, then it was the School of General Senses. However, the Genetic Miracle gave him an extremely solid foundation. On the other hand, half of his current combat methods came from the School of General Senses.

Would Xu Tui face a heavenly tribulation?

Little Six expressed his uncertainty. He was not an expert and did not know.

However, Little Six had told Xu Tui that the small universe of the Heavenly Court was actually a very good place to break through to the Planetary realm, regardless of whether there was a heavenly tribulation or not.

The concentration of energy in the small universe of the Heavenly Court was too high.

Heavenly Court. However, safety was a big problem. During the process of breaking through, if anyone came to cause trouble, Xu Tui would either be killed or fail to break through and suffer a backlash.

Therefore, Xu Tui had not dared to break through recently. And yet, the heavenly tribulation suddenly came. What the hell!

“I can’t break through now, much less transcend the tribulation here!”

Other than the Blue Star humans, the elites of the other races had all charged into the Heavenly Court. Indeed, the interior of the Heavenly Court was vast, and others might not be able to see the heavenly tribulation, but there was no need for much. If one or two Planetary realm experts passed by, Xu Tui would be in deep trouble.

The heavenly tribulation was rapidly condensing. Xu Tui’s instinct was to avoid it first.

Would his heavenly tribulation follow him like a shadow after he left?

Teleportation!

In the next moment, Xu Tui appeared more than ten kilometers away. The sense of oppression and fear that the heavenly tribulation above his head gave him suddenly disappeared. However, before Xu Tui could heave a sigh of relief, the pressure and palpitations above his head appeared again.

The clouds above his head began to change again. In the blink of an eye, the

Heavenly Tribulation vortex had already taken shape.

Damn it!

Xu Tui gritted his teeth and teleported again. He did not believe that the heavenly tribulation would chase after him. But the truth was that the heavenly tribulation was chasing after Xu Tui’s butt.

Xu Tui tried to suppress the power fluctuations of the Mountain Seal and calm the fluctuations of the main planet of mind power. He wanted to see if the heavenly tribulation would dissipate.

To be honest, he really did not want to break through at this moment.

Xu Tui was probably the first person in history who did not want to break through to the Planetary realm.

The fluctuations of the Mountain Seal dissipated and suppressed, but the heavenly tribulation still followed like a shadow.

If the fluctuations of the main planet of mind power were completely calmed down, which meant that Xu Tui did not use his mind power, the heavenly tribulation seemed to have the intention of dissipating.

However, they fell into a dead cycle.

The heavenly tribulation might dissipate if he did not use his mind power, but the current heavenly tribulation had already taken shape. He had to teleport to escape. And teleportation would definitely trigger his mind power. With a thought, the heavenly tribulation would chase after him again.

Xu Tui was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. How could the heavenly tribulation be so abnormal? He did not have a way to solve it for the time being. He could only continuously teleport to avoid the heavenly tribulation.

As he continuously teleported, he saw many different palaces in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He even encountered a few waves of Muyas that he did not recognize at all.

Was this the Muyas in the Heavenly Court that Bishop Xiliude had mentioned?

According to his previous instructions, it would be useful to smash a holy light ball at the person with the strongest cultivation and aura.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not have such an opportunity as he was chased by the heavenly tribulation. He had teleported hundreds of times and seen different Muyas, but he did not see different Spiritual Race people.

While he was being chased by the heavenly tribulation, Xu Tui used the colony of Tri Ling Ding to urgently contact Little Six. Currently, Xu Tui could only ask Little Six for help. Although Cai Shaochu was here, he did not know much about the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Soon, Little Six gave Xu Tui the reason why he was being chased by the heavenly tribulation.

The small universe of the Heavenly Court was the source of the rules of the heavenly tribulation. The Lightning Division of the small universe of the Heavenly Court controlled the heavenly tribulation.

It could be said that the Heavenly Court was the strongest in terms of the rules and power of the heavenly tribulation. This should be the reason why he was chased by the heavenly tribulation. He knew the reason, but what Xu Tui wanted to know the most was a solution.

It was not good to be chased by the heavenly tribulation.

Xu Tui was using short-range teleportation to escape. The consumption of his mind power for short-range teleportation was relatively small. He was also constantly recovering his mind power, but the consumption was greater than the recovery.

If this continued, the moment his mind power was exhausted would be the moment he died. At that time, Xu Tui, whose mind power had been depleted, would be blasted into pieces by the heavenly tribulation without the enemy having to do anything.

Not to mention the problem of being unlucky while escaping.

Therefore, he had to change the state of being chased by the heavenly tribulation.

Soon, Little Six gave Xu Tui another suggestion. He asked him to run outside the Heavenly Court and near the Southern Heavenly Gate to see if the Heavenly Tribulation would chase after him after he left the Heavenly Court.

In theory, there was a difference between the Southern Heavenly Gate and the interior of the Heavenly Court.

If that still did not work, Xu Tui could try to hide in the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp.

Little Six had just provided Xu Tui with an important piece of information. All the members of the Great Xi Clan had already left the Southern Heavenly Gate Camp. The two commanders of the Great Xi Clan took away a large number of captains and six deputy generals, but they left five deputy generals to guard the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Little Six’s forces were still recovering their strength after the battle. They happened to be a branch of the generals who had been left behind.

If he could not avoid the heavenly tribulation even if he went to the Southern Heavenly Gate, Xu Tui would directly enter the military camp and let Little Six command his army to protect Xu Tui through the heavenly tribulation.

Of course, the prerequisite was that the two commanders of the Great Xi Clan did not come back halfway.

Otherwise, this kind of jurisdiction that was more like a natural rule would be very passive. It had to be said that although the plan given by Little Six could not completely solve the problem, it was indeed a barely feasible plan now.

In the next moment, Xu Tui, who was teleporting to avoid the pursuit of the heavenly tribulation, teleported in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate. Because he had teleported continuously, his speed was very fast.

A few times later, joy appeared on Xu Tui’s face.

It seemed to be effective!

The further he went from the interior of the Heavenly Court and the closer he got to the Southern Heavenly Gate camp, the slower and weaker the speed and intensity of the heavenly tribulation above his head every time Xu Tui appeared.

In that case, leaving the interior of the Heavenly Court and entering the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate camp might really be able to dissipate the heavenly tribulation.

However, the joy on Xu Tui’s face only lasted for 20 seconds before it disappeared.

“F*ck, what kind of luck do I have…” Xu Tui’s face darkened when he saw Gu Teng, who had suddenly become ecstatic, and the large group of Planetary realm experts behind him. He instantly teleported dozens of kilometers in front of the enemy chasing after him.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui teleported away again.

However, Xu Tui was unwilling to give up just like that. Instead, he used high-frequency teleportation to circle around the interior of the Heavenly Court and escape towards the Southern Heavenly Gate again.

Xu Tui had expected Gu Teng, who was chasing after him, to chase into the Heavenly Court to chase after him under such circumstances.

However, Xu Tui was wrong.

The second time, Xu Tui teleported out of the Heavenly Court from another direction. He saw Gu Teng leading two Planetary realm experts and chasing after him at high speed.

Xu Tui was stunned. This should not be the case. He thought for a moment and reacted. Gu Teng should have a secret technique to track him. Under normal circumstances, that was impossible. Could it be that Gu Teng had used some tracking secret technique on him?

His mind power quickly vibrated from the surface of his body, but he did not discover anything. However, Xu Tui had to use the microscopic perception in his mental perception to carefully check his entire body before he could eliminate the problem.

And this would take time.

At this moment, the heavenly tribulation was relentlessly chasing after him, and so was the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng. What Xu Tui lacked the most was time.

The heavenly tribulation could have been resolved, but now that Gu Teng was chasing after him, Xu Tui could not avoid it and head to the Southern Heavenly Gate camp.

If Gu Teng chased after him, he would be walking into a trap.

Xu Tui had no choice but to retreat into the Heavenly Court again. He could already see that there was already a deputy general in the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp. He must have received orders from Gu Teng to bring his men and surround Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was extremely helpless. He never dreamed that he would one day be tricked by the heavenly tribulation that broke through to the Planetary realm.

“Little Six, do you have the exact location of the East, West, and North Heavenly Gates? Or rather, can I go over if I teleport in the opposite direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate?” Xu Tui was helpless. This was the only way he could think of.

If the Southern Heavenly Gate did not work, he would escape to the other three Heavenly Gates. He would disperse the heavenly tribulation first.

“It’s too far away. Moreover, if you go to the other three Heavenly Gates, you will still be the enemy of the three Heavenly Gate guards! It will only be more dangerous!” After a pause, Little Six sent another message. “Now, you only have one way..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1