Chapter 1443 - 1443: Wanting To Live And Cause Trouble (1)

Chapter 1443: Wanting to Live and Cause Trouble (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“As long as the Great Xi Clan is not stupid, they will not take the initiative to let the Blue Star enter the Heavenly Court.” Neff glanced at Xu Tui and put away the holy light balls of the other two captains.

“Sir, I don’t quite understand?” Neff still did not answer the point.

“Kaedo, the Great Xi Clan is related to the guards of the Heavenly Court a long time ago. Therefore, the Great Xi Clan was able to control a portion of the army of the Southern Heavenly Gate the moment they entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Do you understand?”

Xu Tui did not fully understand Neff’s words.

“In that case, the reason why the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng wants this holy light ball and the Spiritual Race’s ancient jade talisman is also because many of our ancestors, like the Great Xi Clan, have been in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“With these specially-made things, we can quickly obtain some power or occupy some locations in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It’s just like how the Great Xi Clan occupied the Southern Heavenly Gate.”

Xu Tui understood what he meant, but he still did not understand what it had to do with the Blue Star humans. “Do you still not understand?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“You’ll understand if I say one more thing. A long time ago, in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the ancestors of our Muya God Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race were actually officials in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Then do you know who the true controller of the Heavenly

Court is?”

“The Blue Star humans?” Xu Tui blurted out this answer.

“That’s right. It’s the Blue Star humans. For example, the Muya God Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race each had some special methods that could occupy a place or authority in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“What if the Blue Star humans who had previously controlled the small universe of the Heavenly Court came in? If they really had a similar trump card, they would definitely control the entire small universe of the Heavenly Court again. If they could regain control of the entire small universe of the Heavenly Court, what did that have to do with us? At that time, not to mention gains, it will probably be difficult to leave the Heavenly Court’s small universe alive.”

Xu Tui was stunned, but Neff continued, “It’s also because of this that our three races have reached such a tacit understanding. They could do whatever they wanted with the Blue Star humans in the solar system or even the Milky Way. However, in many small universes, especially the special small universes in the solar system, the Blue Star humans would definitely be excluded. Do you understand?”

Xu Tui suddenlv understood. It turned out that this was what the Muvas and

the Great Xi Clan were worried about.

The question was, did the Blue Star humans have a way to control the highest level of control in the small universe of the Heavenly Court?

So far, Xu Tui has not noticed anything.

If there was, it should be the Huaxia Race among the Blue Star humans.

According to Little Six, the person who controlled the small universe of the Heavenly Court back then was from the Huaxia Race.

However, Cai Shaochu did not mention this at all.

Although Cai Shaochu might not tell Xu Tui about this, Xu Tui did not feel that way. Even if Cai Shaochu said that they did not have such methods, the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race would not believe him.

Regardless of whether they did or not, the Blue Star humans did not even have the right to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate. They were forced to retreat far away from the Southern Heavenly Gate by the 2,000 Heavenly Court guards.

According to the current strength of the Blue Star, they could still fight against the 2,000 people.

But there was no point.

If they fought it out, the experts on the Blue Star would definitely suffer huge losses. However, in the Southern Heavenly Gate controlled by the Great Xi Clan, it should not be a problem for eight to ten more of these 2,000 people to come out.

He had to think of a way. He had to get the Blue Star humans to at least let Cai Shaochu and the others in. Otherwise, even if Xu Tui sneaked in, how much would he gain if he went alone?

However, he could not think of a way yet.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling worried, the Muyas and the Spiritual Race had already prepared to trade items. However, they did not trade immediately. Instead, they began to discuss the trading method.

“All captains, listen up. When we enter later, if we are attacked by the guards of the Heavenly Court controlled by the Great Xi Clan, The first priority is to use your power to destroy the holy light balls in your hands. Then, we’ll talk about other things! We have to destroy the holy light balls in your hands first!”

Neff’s order was very determined. Furthermore, his voice was sent out with holy power. The Great Xi Clan on the Southern Heavenly Gate a few kilometers away heard it clearly. He was telling the Great Xi Clan not to play any tricks. If they dared to play any tricks, they would not get anything.

At the same time, Lang Han of the Spiritual Race also gave the same instructions.

On the city tower, Gu Teng laughed when he heard that. “There’s no need to be so nervous. I’m very sincere about the deal. You understand the logic behind this.”

With that, Gu Teng waved his hand, and a door opened in the defensive light barrier between the city tower and the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

The two deputy generals led 4,000 Heavenly Court guards out in a line. From afar, they could see that there were also several deputy generals waiting in a line inside the city gate. Their auras were stern and murderous.

Coupled with the golden helmet and golden armor formation of the Heavenly Court guards, this aura made the legs of the timid people go limp.

“All of you, buck up! There was no need to be afraid! If anything happened, we would destroy the holy light ball in our hands first. Let’s go!” Neff looked rather domineering. He led all the Muyas under him and strode towards the forces listed by the Great Xi Clan..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1