Chapter 1447 - 1447: Loss And Harvest

Chapter 1447 - 1447: Loss and Harvest

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Chi Wuxun no longer had the time to hate Kaedo.

Xu Tui’s early attack had not only disrupted his escape plan, but it had also made the enemy focus on him in advance. Even if he used the three ancient jade talismans to lure away a portion of the enemies, there were still more than ten Planetary realm experts chasing after him.

More and more Heavenly Court guards began to participate in the pursuit. All kinds of energy attacks landed on him like rain. The jade talismans that Chi Wuxun used to save his life exploded one after another. It was like tearing white paper.

Chi Wuxun came from an extraordinary background. Coupled with the fact that he was the nephew of Elder Chi Jing, he had many life-saving treasures. In order to save his life, Chi Wuxun did not hesitate to throw them all out.

If it were another Planetary realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race, they would probably have turned to ashes. Chi Wuxun finally used the paywall life-saving technique to rush out of an escape route. He was about to escape.

In the distance, Gu Teng, who was chasing after Xu Tui, flew into a rage again. He was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

He was gone again!

Kaedo had disappeared again!

If he had known that Kaedo had such an elusive ability, he would definitely not have chosen him to stay behind.

“Sir, look!” Suddenly, a Planetary realm subordinate pointed and saw Kaedo, who had just disappeared, appear behind them again, close to the Southern Heavenly Gate.

“You guys, surround him from afar and use your energy to shake the void. I’ll bring them over to chase after him.” Gu Teng made some arrangements and chased after him.

The moment Gu Teng chased after him, Kaedo disappeared again. However, at the same time that he disappeared, Kaedo’s figure appeared beside the escaping Chi Wuxun. An indescribable coldness instantly charged towards Chi Wuxun, causing his figure to stop and his speed to plummet.

Ice Seal!

Xu Tui disappeared again, but Gu Teng had already brought his men and charged in Chi Wuxun’s direction.

“Kaedo, I’ll f*ck your ancestors!” Chi Wuxun cursed with a sobbing voice. His voice was filled with despair. By the time the countless flames in his body rushed out and incinerated the ice seal, the attacks of more than a dozen

Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan had already landed on him.

Amidst an indignant roar, Chi Wuxun was directly turned into ashes by the energy. Even his mental body was shaken into nothingness by the aftershock. It was terrifying to have more than ten Planetary realm experts attacking at the same time.

Three Planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan obtained the three ancient jade talismans. And Gu Teng and the dozen or so Planetary realm experts stood rooted to the ground. Energy rays shot out in all directions, searching for the disappearing Kaedo.

“Where is he!”

In the air, Xu Tui’s figure suddenly appeared not far from a Four Satellites

Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan. This Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan was holding an ancient jade talisman that he had just obtained.

“Be careful!”

“Protect the jade talisman!”

In the distance, Gu Tenq and Jin Tai roared at the same time. Thev had already

turned into an energy beam and pounced over. They only needed less than two seconds to cover a distance of more than ten kilometers at full speed.

Two seconds was short enough, but in the eyes of the strong, it was actually a long time.

The dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared above Xu Tui’s head and disappeared. It slashed into the head of the Planetary realm expert from the

Great Xi Clan and swept away the ancient jade talisman with his mind power.

This series of actions was like flowing water.

“Kaedo, stay!” Gu Teng roared from a few kilometers away. Energy light had already blasted toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui smiled. His mind power had already established a connection with a

mental magnetic pillar attached to the Origin Crystal powder far away.

Teleportation!

With the guidance of mind power coordinates like the mental magnetic pillar, the Great Xi Clan could not stop him from teleporting even after they used their energy to seal the void.

If someone wanted to stop him from teleporting, they had to use their powerful mind power to shake the void or lock onto his mind power fluctuations and forcefully cut off the mental connection with the mental magnetic pillar.

The earth-shattering attack of Gu Teng missed.

“Bastard!” Xu Tui’s disappearance again made Jin Tai, who had also rushed over, extremely angry.

“He instantly killed a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike. There’s something wrong with this Kaedo! Moreover, in the information, Kaedo doesn’t have the habit of using a sword.” Gu Teng was furious, but he was extremely calm. He analyzed the situation first.

“This method of using a sword is more like the attack method of the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans. There’s something wrong with Kaedo,” Gu Teng added.

“What’s the point of judging this? The Muyas’ holy light balls are all gone, and one of the Spiritual Race’s ancient jade talismans has been snatched away. The losses were too great! This Kaedo almost took away our trial and error opportunities! He completely limited our gains.” Jin Tai gritted its teeth in hatred. After planning for so long, they had finally gained something.

Three holy balls of light and three ancient jade talismans could give them at most six chances of success. At the very least, they could give them three to four chances of success.

However, most of them had been taken away by Xu Tui. There were only two ancient jade talismans. Their chances of success were at most two times. Including the trial and error, there was a high chance that they only had one chance.

Just once, then this harvest…

“Don’t even think about the remaining portion in the hands of the Muyas and the Spiritual Race. It’s basically impossible to be able to obtain it. Now, we could only chase after Kaedo. This guy has three holy balls of light and an ancient jade talisman. When we find him, we’ll get them all back,” Gu Teng said.

“But how can we chase after him? This guy seems to have spatial abilities and is very powerful. He appears and disappears unpredictably. We can’t chase after him at all!” Jin Tai said.

“Who said that there’s no way to chase after him!” Gu Teng sneered. “If I could be easily tricked, Lord Gu Ji wouldn’t have made me the commander-in-chief.”

As he spoke, a ball of energy suddenly appeared in his palm. Jin Tai had a surprised expression. “Entangled quantum ball? When did you do that?”

“When Neff and Lang Han asked me to use my mind power to inspect the goods, I secretly used my mind power to send a little bit of entanglement quantum over. Unfortunately, I only left a very small amount as I was afraid that they would discover it. Otherwise, Kaedo would not have been able to snatch it away. However, this is more than enough for tracking,” Gu Teng said.

As he spoke, the entangled quantum ball in Gu Teng’s palm suddenly changed and turned into an arrow that pointed in a direction.

“He escaped this way,” Jin Tai said in surprise.

“Yes. There’s only one general direction at the moment. The closer it is, the clearer it is.” After saying that, Gu Tenf pondered for a moment and said, “How about this? We’ll split up.”

Hearing that Gu Teng was about to give an order, Jin Tai immediately became solemn. There was a strict hierarchy in the Great Xi Clan. He still had to listen to Gu Teng’s orders.

“Bring 15 of our Planetary realm experts and 100 captains who can move freely in the Heavenly Court. Bring these two ancient jade talismans to the location of the five divisions and see if you can obtain two seals. At the very least, you have to get one.

“I’ll bring another group of people and chase after Kaedo personally. He definitely won’t expect me to be able to track him. When the time comes, we’ll definitely block him and take back these shielding divine restrictions!” Gu Teng said.

“Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll definitely do my best. What about the Southern Heavenly Gate? Who’s going to guard it? Although the two of us have obtained the commander’s seal, we don’t have the right to appoint a deputy general,” Jin Tai said worriedly.

“Find five deputy generals among the Heavenly Court guards and give the orders separately. They should be able to carry out the orders very well. With the strength of the Blue Star humans, they could not rush in. You and I will take the other elites away. We still need their combat strength internally,” Gu Teng said.

“Okay!”

After the discussion, Jin Tai and Gu Teng split into two groups after giving a simple order. One group chased in the direction where Xu Tui had escaped, while the other group charged straight toward a certain group of palaces in the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui, who had teleported dozens of times in a row, heaved a sigh of relief when he felt that he had escaped a safe distance. He successfully escaped. Not only did he successfully escape, but he also snatched an ancient jade talisman under the nose of the Great Xi Clan.

Actually, Xu Tui’s original plan was to destroy or snatch the three ancient jade talismans if he had the chance.

Although he did not know what the ancient jade talisman was for, according to Neff, it was very important. The Spiritual Race even occupied a key part of the Heavenly Court.

It was just like how the Holy Light Ball was important to the Muyas. Previously, when Neff left, although he had predicted that Xu Tui, who was also Officiant Kaedo, would die, what if?

Therefore, Neff pointed Xu Tui in a direction before he left. He said that if Xu Tui could escape from the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp, he could find them in this direction and meet up with them.

When he was close, he should be able to contact him with his personal holy token. When he said this, Neff felt that it was definitely impossible for Kaedo.

The probability of being killed was 99%.

Xu Tui, who was carrying the holy light balls and the ancient jade talisman, fled in this direction.

To be honest, he was quite rich.

Xu Tui had handed over one of his holy light balls previously, but he had killed Darak and snatched it from him. He had also snatched the ancient jade talismans from Lang Xu and Feng Xian.

He had four holy balls of light and three ancient jade talismans. In terms of quantity, none of them had as much as him.

However, the problem was that Xu Tui did not know how and where to use this thing. Whether it was the holy light ball or the ancient jade talisman, he only knew a basic usage. He did not know where to use it or how to use it to obtain a huge harvest.

Therefore, Xu Tui thought about it and decided to look for Neff.

Neff should not suspect him of his generous death just now.

Xu Tui quickly flew in the direction indicated by Neff. He planned to get close. He would contact Derry to see what was going on before deciding on a course of action.

Large groups of unique palaces appeared in the endless white clouds in the distance. Xu Tui knew that he had already entered the interior of the Heavenly Court.

It was also at this moment that the mind power in Xu Tui’s body fluctuated slightly again. He did not mind. Ever since he had clarified the main planet force field of his mind power under Shang Long’s guidance last time, he often felt like he had broken through like this.

However, there had never been a suitable time to break through.

He wanted to suppress it. At the same time, an indescribable palpitation suddenly came from the boundless white clouds in the void above his head..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1