Chapter 1446 - 1446: Who Cheated Who?

Chapter 1446 - 1446: Who Cheated Who?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Officiant Kaedo, remember, no matter what method you use, you will be a hero as long as you survive!” Neff patted Xu Tui’s shoulder forcefully. He turned around resolutely and was about to leave with everyone.

He could not delay this matter. If he was late, there would be changes. Some of the Muyas were definitely gloating over the fact that Kaedo, the popular person in front of Bishop Xiliude, had been chosen to stay behind as an abandoned

pawn.

Of course, no one would show it.

Almost all the Planetary realm experts bade farewell to Xu Tui with a pained expression. It gave Xu Tui the feeling of saying goodbye to death. Basically, everyone thought that Officiant Kaedo would definitely die.

The Spiritual Race not far away also thought so. Chi Wuxun, the nephew of Chi Jing, who had been chosen by the Spiritual Race, held Commander Lang Han’s hand tightly with a pale face. However, in the end, he did not beg for mercy or cry.

Chi Wuxun had more or less developed some courage and intelligence after fighting in the solar system with Chi Jing for more than a year. It was useless to be cowardly and beg others.

Lang Han could not change the candidate chosen by the Great Xi Clan. He could only live on his own.

“You have to live!” Lang Han patted Chi Wuxun’s shoulder and said those words. He also turned around and left resolutely. The other Planetary realms also bade farewell to Chi Wuxun.

On Xu Tui’s side, amidst the farewells of the Planetary realm experts, Derry and Officiant Gabe came to Xu Tui and bade him farewell.

Xu Tui gave the two of them three Origin Crystal Powders as he bade them farewell. The six Origin Crystal powders that he had planted with the mental magnetic pillar and left a mark of mind power were silently given to the two of them during the short physical contact.

At the same time, Xu Tui instructed the two of them through a mental voice transmission that one of the three Origin Crystal powders would be randomly thrown into the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp on their way out. The other two would be randomly thrown after they completely left the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp.

Of course, Xu Tui had instructed them separately. Neither Derry nor Officiant Gabe knew that the other party had also received Xu Tui’s instructions.

Xu Tui also guarded against them. This was one of his methods of saving his life.

After a short farewell, be it the Muyas or the Spiritual Race, other than Kaedo and Chi Wuxun, they quickly passed through the military camp under the escort of the Heavenly Court guards sent by the Great Xi Clan.

At least eight Planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan and 20 Planetary realm experts from the Heavenly Court surrounded Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun. From 500 meters to 1,000 meters, then to 10,000 meters, it formed a huge encirclement that surrounded the two of them. They were afraid that the two of them would play any tricks.

Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun also followed the instructions. They used their power to wrap the trading items. If the Great Xi Clan moved, this would be their last resort to save their lives. Not only that, but almost everyone’s energy aura and mind power were locked onto Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun. It almost cut off the possibility of the two of them playing any tricks.

As long as the two of them did anything, they would be killed immediately.

Of course, Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun still had a chance to destroy the trading items before they were killed. Just as Xu Tui was calculating his escape plan, an unfamiliar mental fluctuation suddenly probed over.

“Why don’t we work together and risk it?” Chi Wuxun’s mental voice suddenly sounded.

“How?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“We have no chance of escaping in this huge military camp. We will use the trading items in our hands to threaten the Great Xi Clan and safely retreat to the edge of the military camp. Then, we will hand them the trading items and escape.” After saying that, Chi Wuxun continued, “If we advance and retreat together, we might threaten the Great Xi Clan.”

This suggestion could indeed increase the probability of Xu Tui escaping. He naturally had to agree.

After waiting for about 15 minutes, the team of Muya and the Spiritual Race completely disappeared at the end of the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp. Gu Teng suddenly said, “Alright, you can leave after handing over the trading items.”

“Can you guarantee our safe departure?” Chi Wuxun asked.

“Do you have a choice?” Gu Teng sneered. As soon as he said that, the auras of more than ten Planetary realm powerhouses locked onto Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun at the same time. The pressure assaulted them.

“I naturally have a choice! I can choose to die with this thing.” Chi Wuxun waved the three ancient jade talismans that were wrapped in fire-type supernatural power in his hand and waved at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui also waved his hand cooperatively, indicating that he would advance and retreat with Chi Wuxun.

Gu Teng’s expression changed drastically. “You’re courting death! You’re giving up the chance to leave safely.”

“Do you think we’ll believe you?” Chi Wuxun sneered.

Xu Tui felt an indescribable sense of strangeness as he listened.

This world was really a little strange. The enemies who had fought to the death previously had split and merged several times inside and outside the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The relationship between friend and foe had changed. It was really… interesting!

Chi Wuxun still had some ability. Perhaps it was because of the trading items in their hands that the Great Xi Clan was extremely wary of them. In the end, Gu Teng and Jin Tian agreed to Chi Wuxun’s request.

He got Chi Wuxun and Xu Tui to retreat from the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp. Then, he placed the trading items on the ground. Chi Wuxun and Xu Tui used their mind power to control the trading items. They slowly retreated under the siege of the elites of the Great Xi Clan and left safely.

This was a suggestion that both sides could accept. The Great Xi Clan compromised again. They had no choice. No matter how angry Gu Teng and Jin Tai were, they could only accept it. Of course, it would not be a problem as long as Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun were afraid of death.

A minute later, the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, Gu Teng and Jin Tai, personally used their mind power and energy aura to lock onto Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun. They also had more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses watching them. They began to retreat outside the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp.

The military camp was very large. Coupled with the fact that there were so many people surrounding them, their walking speed was a little slow. It took them a full 20 minutes to retreat out of the range of the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp.

“Alright, we’ll put down the trading items. We’ll retreat slowly. Get the Planetary realm experts that are surrounding us to spread out.” Chi Wuxun was still very smart.

Of course, even though Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun had put down the trading items, they had used their mind power or supernatural power to wrap it.

Even though they were far away, Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun could still destroy the trading items at any time within a certain distance.

Gu Teng agreed silently. He got the other two Planetary realm experts to lock onto the trading items with their auras. He and Jin Tai locked onto Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun with their auras at the same time.

Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun wrapped the trading items with their mind power and slowly retreated. The Planetary realm experts surrounding them also began to disperse as they retreated.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had been turned off.

With so many people staring at him at the same time with malicious intent, the passive resonance of the spiritual resonance was no longer useful. He could only focus on finding an opportunity.

When he was more than a kilometer away, Xu Tui suddenly realized that Chi Wuxun had stopped in his tracks. He glanced at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui instantly thought of something. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse had a limited range of mind power. There were not many people like Xu Tui whose mind power could radiate more than three kilometers.

Chi Wuxun was only at the Four Satellites Planetary realm. His mind power could probably radiate for about two kilometers at most. In other words, the furthest distance that Chi Wuxun could control the safety of the trading items at a distance of about two kilometers. Or rather, two kilometers was not enough.

It was also possible that he was not far from the extreme distance of control. This guy was thinking of a way to escape.

Xu Tui could not help but sneer to himself when he thought of this. They were really telepathic. He was also plotting against Chi Wuxun. He did not expect Chi Wuxun to be plotting against him.

It seemed that both Xu Tui and Chi Wuxun were using the other party as a stepping stone to escape. They wanted the other party to attract the enemy’s firepower.

What a coincidence.

Next, it would depend on who was better at chess, who grasped the opportunity better, and who had better luck.

At this moment, Chi Wuxun was extremely nervous. The limit of his mind power radiation was 1.8 kilometers. He planned to direct the disaster to Kaedo when he retreated to 1.6 kilometers. How could he lure them? He just had to throw the trading items that he could control to Officiant Kaedo. And he’ll take advantage of the chaos to escape.

With the chaos, the possibility of him escaping was higher.

Chi Wuxun was carefully calculating the distance. 1.2 kilometers, 1.3 kilometers. Every time he retreated a little more, the Planetary realms behind him would spread out a little. He would have a higher chance of escaping.

It was almost 1.4 kilometers.

It was also at this moment that Chi Wuxun, who was staring intently ahead, suddenly became a little confused.

Another Chi Wuxun suddenly appeared in front of him. He pounced toward the trading item that Xu Tui was controlling in the distance, which was the three holy light balls.

Chi Wuxun was really stunned. Where did the other him come from? He did not know the Clone Technique, nor did he know abilities like Phantom! He did not, but the Great Xi Clan believed that he did. Otherwise, how could another Chi Wuxun come out to snatch the trading items?

In an instant, the appearance of Chi Wuxun was like a fuse that directly detonated the Great Xi Clan.

Jin Tai and the Planetary realms, whose auras were tightly locked onto Chi Wuxun, pounced towards the trading items that Chi Wuxun was controlling—three ancient jade talismans.

Gu Teng and the other six Planetary realm experts were divided into two groups. One group blocked Chi Wuxun, who wanted to snatch the holy light balls, and fired without regard for anything else.

The other batch pounced toward the trading items that Xu Tui was controlling. The three holy balls of light suddenly disappeared. It was Xu Tui’s quantum entanglement state energy teleportation. The holy light balls were also an energy form.

The moment the three holy balls of light disappeared, Xu Tui’s left eye, which he had DreDared. also fluctuated.

Teleportation!

The moment he teleported, Xu Tui glanced at the flustered and stunned Chi Wuxun before he disappeared. There was a faint smile on his face. It was also this glance and this smile that made Chi Wuxun suddenly wake up.

Darn it. He had been tricked by Kaedo! Kaedo was even more sinister than him.

He actually attacked in advance.

Grandson! He was too f*cking useless!

Chi Wuxun wanted to curse, but at this moment of life and death, he had to make the right decision. This was especially so when he realized that Xu Tui, who was Kaedo, had disappeared at this moment.

Kaedo had disappeared with the holy light balls. He had become the only target of the Great Xi Clan to vent their anger.

Without hesitation, Chi Wuxun used his mind power to control the three ancient jade talismans to protect himself. This action successfully caused the Great Xi Clan’s Jin Tai to forcefully retract its fatal attack on him. If he did not retract it, Chi Wuxun would be killed, and the ancient jade talisman would also be destroyed.

Taking advantage of this opportunity to avoid the fatal blow, Chi Wuxun did not hesitate to activate the three ancient jade talismans with his mind power and throw them into the distance. This was a way to disperse the enemy’s forces.

Jin Tai and a portion of the Planetary realm chased in the direction of the three ancient jade talismans, while Chi Wuxun took the opportunity to escape.

Xu Tui, who had disappeared, appeared more than ten kilometers away.

Gu Teng, who had found his target again, was extremely angry. He roared and instantly led a large group of people to attack..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1