Chapter 1449 - 1449: The Use Of The Ancient Jade Talisman And The Holy Light Ball

Chapter 1449 - 1449: The Use of the Ancient Jade Talisman and the Holy Light Ball

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

A safe house!

Little Six’s suggestion to Xu Tui was to find a building in the Heavenly Court and rush in as a safe house.

What kind of building was a safe house?

Xu Tui completely understood this point after Little Six mentioned it.

It was actually related to the holy light ball of the Muyas and the ancient jade talisman in the hands of the Spiritual Race.

Judging from the fact that the Great Xi Clan could control a portion of the army guarding the Southern Heavenly Gate, including what Neff had said previously, and various situations, the ancestors of the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas had all held some positions in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

It should be the same for the Spiritual Race.

This was also the reason why the Great Xi Clan could quickly control a portion of the guards in the Southern Heavenly Gate. However, the control was also extremely limited.

The rules of the Heavenly Court could be said to be more complete. However, there was one rule that could be basically known from the general token controlled by Little Six.

Humans reigned supreme!

Therefore, there was a natural upper limit to the positions that the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas could assume.

Coupled with Xu Tui’s discovery of teleportation in the Heavenly Court previously, he could roughly determine the location. Neff ran into the Heavenly Court with the Holy Light Ball. The Great Xi Clan wanted the Holy Light Ball to encounter some of the Muyas who had a job. Then, they would use the Holy Light Ball to remove the control or influence to obtain the seal of the position in the Heavenly Court.

He would then obtain some control. It was just like how the Great Xi Clan had obtained the commander seal of the Southern Heavenly Gate Army.

The commanders of the army of theSouthern Heavenly Gate had a seal instead of a token. The function of a seal was much more than the general token that Little Six had obtained. It was a little like a legendary magic weapon.

In modern times, it was the Control Terminal.

Usually, the officials of the Heavenly Court had office space. Most of these countless palaces were the offices of officials. These office spaces had obvious upper and lower restrictions. These restrictions were actually considered universal rules. The higher-ups could enter the lower-level office locations at will.

However, low-ranks could not enter their superiors’ offices without their superiors’ permission. Even low-level officials could not enter the offices of mid- to high-level officials, which was the palace.

Of course, they could also barge in. However, forcefully barging in would activate the Guardian Light Screen of the current palace. The Guardian Light Screen of the Heavenly Court was very strong to begin with. Coupled with the accumulation of so many years, its energy was indescribably strong.

Therefore, if Xu Tui could barge into a hall that was dealing with official matters, not only would Gu Teng not be able to chase after him, but he would also be able to transcend the tribulation or avoid it.

As long as it was a hall that was dealing with official matters, Gu Teng, who only had the identity of the commander of the Southern Heavenly Gate Army, would not be able to enter.

This was the origin of the safe house that Little Six had mentioned.

Then how would Xu Tui enter the safe house? It landed on the three holy balls of light and the four ancient jade talismans in Xu Tui’s hand.

Xu Tui did not know the effects of these two things very well. However, because of what Neff and Lang Xu had said previously, it was basically clear.

The function of the holy light ball should be to awaken and temporarily remove the control of the Heavenly Court over the predecessors of the Muyas. Then, through the lead of the predecessors of the Muyas, they would obtain the Control Seal and control it.

The ancient jade talisman was similar.

However, the ancient jade talisman opened a passageway to some of the functional halls of the Heavenly Court and allowed the Spiritual Race to enter. Then, they would obtain the control seal of the functional hall.

According to Lang Xu, the ancestors of their Spiritual Race had also held various positions in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Not only that, but the positions held by the Spiritual Race were actually higher than those of the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas.

That did not mean that Xu Tui would be able to enter the safe house with the ancient jade talisman and the holy light ball.

This was because in the past, there were many functional organizations. Among these functional organizations, the most important officials were actually the ancestors of the Blue Star humans.

The level of the function hall that the Spiritual Race’s ancient jade talisman could open was also limited. It could not open the passageway to some of the functional halls. This ancient jade talisman was a one-time use item. It was gone after one use.

This required trial and error. He needed luck even more. Fortunately, Xu Tui had three holy balls of light and four ancient jade talismans. He still had a certain chance of trial and error.

After deciding on this plan, Xu Tui plunged into the Heavenly Court without any hesitation. Although he had temporarily escaped the pursuit of Gu Teng, he did not know what method Gu Teng used to track him.

Xu Tui immediately began to search for his target after he rushed into the Heavenly Court.

The first thing he looked for was a functional building. He only needed to use the Spiritual Race’s ancient jade talisman for such a functional building. As long as he rushed in, it would be a safe house. Then, Xu Tui would be able to deal with it calmly.

Xu Tui had encountered the predecessors of the Muyas before, but he did not want to use the Holy Light Ball for the time being.

That was because there were too many unknowns. There were countless palaces in the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui teleported a few times in a row and found a hall that did not look big, but it was not small either.

This was also the bad thing about the interior of the Heavenly Court. Due to the self-sealing of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the names of these halls were not obvious. He did not know what kind of halls they were.

Without any hesitation, Xu Tui sent his mind power into an ancient jade talisman and guided it into the hall. When the ancient jade talisman was a meter away from the hall, a screen of light that could not be seen previously appeared. Then, under the touch of the ancient jade talisman, it flickered.

At the plaque of the main hall, four large words flashed—Meng Zhang Holy

Temple. The moment the words appeared, the ancient jade talisman that Xu Tui controlled with his mind power shattered.

The ancient jade talisman shattered, and the words on the plaque in the main hall instantly disappeared. The Guardian Light Screen also disappeared. But the tunnel did not appear.

Did he fail?

Xu Tui was stunned. He walked forward. The moment he wanted to enter the Holy Temple, not only did the Guardian Light Screen that had disappeared instantly appear, but it also overflowed with lightning. Xu Tui was so shocked that he retreated far away.

The first breach failed.

Xu Tui still had three chances.

Which direction should he try his luck in?

Unfortunately, not to mention Xu Tui, even within the Spiritual Race, although there were records of the positions that their predecessors had held, they could not remember where the main hall was.

Just as Xu Tui was thinking, a faint figure appeared behind him. It was Gu Teng from the Great Xi Clan, who was chasing after him with a large group of people. The heavenly tribulation above his head had already condensed a vortex at high speed and was about to take shape.

Xu Tui instantly disappeared. He continued to teleport. He searched for a target, but he did not find a suitable one.

He passed by the functional halls in the small universe of the Heavenly Court that he discovered. There were hundreds or thousands of them, but he still had three ancient jade talismans in his hand.

Xu Tui suddenly froze. A strange-looking team appeared in front of him. The moment they saw Xu Tui, this team charged over.

Why was it called strange-looking?

The leader looked a little like the legendary demons and was also a little similar to the Muyas. He had the tail of a panther and emitted a powerful aura. He was extremely agile.

The lowest aura was that of the Six or even the Seven Satellites.

The moment he saw Xu Tui, he instantly pounced forward. Xu Tui did not even have the time to use teleportation when his long tail turned into an iron whip that was thousands of meters long and whipped in front of him.

The five layers of Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui had raised instantly shattered. This also gave Xu Tui a chance to teleport.

However, Xu Tui suddenly had an idea the moment he teleported. Should he try at a time like this?

Originally, Xu Tui wanted to teleport and escape into the distance. However, the moment he teleported, he willed it and teleported 100 meters behind the tailman. The tailman instantly noticed Xu Tui, who had suddenly appeared. His eyes were like lightning as he turned around.

However, the moment he turned around, Xu Tui had already blasted the holy light ball away. With a wave of his sharp claws, the holy light ball was broken by the tailman before it could get close.

However, the broken holy light ball exploded into an extremely brilliant ball of holy light and entered the tailman’s body at lightning speed. When the holy light entered his body, the tailman suddenly trembled. The way he looked at Xu Tui suddenly changed. He was even pleasantly surprised.

“You… you succeeded!” The tailman was pleasantly surprised and even a little incoherent!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1