Chapter 1441 - 1441: Betrayal And Reason (3)

Chapter 1441: Betrayal and Reason (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even though Cai Shaochu had self-restraint, his face still darkened. Did the Great Xi Clan want to betray the alliance?

During this period, Xu Tui received a message from Little Six. He also saw the whereabouts of the troops led by Little Six. Then, he watched as the gates of the Southern Heavenly Gate opened. A group of nearly 2,000 Heavenly Court guards left the city and brought Little Six’s forces into the Southern City Pass.

Whether it was the Muyas or the Blue Star forces, they could only watch. Not to mention the 2,000 to 3,000 Heavenly Court guards, they were near the southern Heavenly Gate. No one dared to do anything.

However, Xu Tui was secretly delighted.

At the very least, if Little Six led a team in, he would be able to have some understanding of the situation inside the Southern Heavenly Gate.

According to Little Six, the commander of his division, Jin Tai, had ordered a deputy general to receive them into the Southern Heavenly Gate.

However, after they entered the Southern Heavenly Gate, they were not set up on the city defense. Instead, they were urgently arranged to recover in the military camp.

In the military tent inside the military camp, the energy was abnormally dense. It seemed to have the effect of an energy gathering array.

Behind the city pass were densely packed military camps. Little Six did not know how many there were. That was all Little Six could know for the time being. After all, from the level, the colonel that Little Six had possessed was not of a high level. Above him were deputy generals, commanders, and great commanders.

Based on the current situation, the Great Xi Clan seemed to have obtained two commander positions. He still had to slowly investigate the rest.

Not long after, the Spiritual Race drove over in a large team. Clearly, they had only arrived at the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass after they gathered together.

Xu Tui was amused when he saw it from afar.

24 Planetary realms.

A total of 30 Planetary realms and 100 quasi-planetary realms from the Spiritual Race had entered. At this moment, there were only 24 Planetary realms and 75 quasi-planetary realms left.

They had lost more than a fifth of their members. This was almost all thanks to Xu Tui. Lang Xu and Feng Xian’s team had all been schemed against by Xu Tui.

This was nice.

At this point, the teams of the Great Xi Clan, the Blue Star Humans, the Muyas, and the Spiritual Race were basically all gathered at the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

However, their locations were different.

The Great Xi Clan was in the Southern Heavenly Gate, while the other three races were outside the Southern Heavenly Gate and being careful under the Heavenly Court guards controlled by the Great Xi Clan.

Why did he say ‘basically’?

Xu Tui looked around and realized that there were still teams from the Blue Star that had not arrived. A total of eight teams had entered the Blue Star.

Currently, only seven teams have gathered. The team led by the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had yet to arrive.

“Principal, The Myth’s team hasn’t arrived yet. Can you contact them?” Xu Tui was puzzled, so he secretly contacted Cai Shaochu.

“No. When we first came in, we could still contact him. Now, we have completely lost contact. We can’t contact the Lord of Myths, Ullr.” Xu Tui was silent. “Is there a possibility that all of them will be wiped out?”

“Impossible!” Cai Shaochu rejected this possibility. “Ullr’s team can easily deal with ordinary patrol teams. Even if they encountered a small army with hundreds of people, the others might die in battle, but Ullr would definitely be able to escape.

“It could even be said that even if a team from the other races surrounded him, Ullr would still be able to escape. He’s a lightning-type supernatural being who’s good at speed and explosive power! ” Cai Shaochu said.

“Then why haven’t they arrived yet? Did they get separated?”

“I’m not sure. The Lord of The Myths, Ullr…” Cai Shaochu did not say anything else. This was not the time to discuss in detail.

It was also at this moment that the commander of the Great Xi Clan’s exploration team, Gu Teng, spoke. ‘Everyone is here. Shall we talk? You should want to come in, right?” Gu Teng pointed at the interior of the Heavenly Court behind him.

“No shit!” Neff’s answer was direct.

“Of course. Give us the conditions.” The person who answered on the Spiritual Race’s side was Lang Han, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. It was obvious that Lang Han was a trusted aide of the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi. His right to speak was naturally his.

“I definitely want to enter,” Cai Shaochu replied.

Gu Teng laughed, then extended his hand. “I want half!”

These words came out of nowhere. Both Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu were at a loss. They did not understand what Gu Teng wanted. However, Neff and Lang Han understood.

“Impossible!”

“Do you think that’s possible?”

Neff and Lang Han rejected Gu Teng’s conditions at the same time. This mode of communication made Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and all the Blue Star humans have a bad feeling. It seemed that the humans of the Blue Star had been excluded by the Great Xi Clan.

Was the Great Xi Clan going to betray the alliance?

“That’s completely possible. What’s impossible about that? I think it’s fine. Give me half and I’ll let you in. I don’t care what you do!” Gu Teng insisted on his conditions.

“That’s impossible.” Lang Han shook his head. “We keep our things. Look, we’ve lost two teams. We don’t have much left.”

“We’ve also lost a team of manpower. We don’t have much left.”

“Isn’t that good? It’s only half. I think it’s very suitable,” Gu Teng said.

This exchange stunned Xu Tui. He suddenly realized what their conditions for their communication were..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1