Chapter 1444 - 1444: Wanting To Live And Causing Trouble (2)

Chapter 1444: Wanting to Live and Causing Trouble (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When they were close, Jin Tai, who was on the city tower, let out a cold laugh. With a wave of his hand, the Heavenly Court guards who were lined up in two rows suddenly condensed energy sabers and spears. They raised them diagonally, and the sound of air being torn apart was like a whistle.

This action shocked some of the quasi-planetary Muyas. Those at the Planetary realm passed.

“Hmph!” With a cold laugh, Neff strode forward and was the first to step into the saber and spear tunnel set up by the guards of the Heavenly Court. He passed through the long Southern Heavenly Gate tunnel in one go and stepped into the interior of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Just as Little Six had said, there was an endless military camp in the Southern Heavenly Gate. Looking from afar, he suddenly saw something unusual.

On the drill ground between the various military camps, most of the Heavenly Court guards were in an array. They were all gathered on the drill ground of their respective military camps like machines.

Only a dozen or so deputy generals were patrolling the Southern Heavenly Gate City.

“According to the rules of the Heavenly Court in the past, a commander was in charge of the daily guards during non-war times. 300,000? I think you only control 20,000 to 30,000 Heavenly Court guards! Besides, there are probably not as many as 300,000 Heavenly Court guards in the Southern Heavenly Gate.” Neff looked at Gu Teng and sneered.

At the city gate, Gu Teng chuckled. “So what if it’s 20,000 to 30,000? It’s enough to kill you.”

“Why don’t we try?” Neff raised the three holy balls of light that he had just collected. Holy light surged and enveloped the three holy balls of light, including his own. He had a cold expression. It had the intention of destroying this thing if it dared to move.

Indeed, such a tough Neff made the Great Xi Clan feel a little helpless. Just as Neff or Bishop Xiliude had instructed, this holy light ball was extremely important to the Great Xi Clan. Otherwise, the Great Xi Clan would only be able to tour the Southern Heavenly Gate City.

“Alright, Neff, cut the crap. Put down the holy light balls we want and leave,” Gu Teng said.

“Gu Teng, do you think I’m a three-year-old?” There was a glimmer in Gu Teng’s eyes. Neff said, “We’ve let go. If you order the troops to destroy us, who are we going to look for? We can only hand the Holy Light Balls over to you after we leave the military camp of the Southern Heavenly Gate!”

“I have the same thought,” Lang Han, who had just entered, said.

“Impossible!” Gu Teng rejected him completely. “Who should I look for if you leave the military camp of the Southern Heavenly Gate?”

Both sides were very shrewd. They were guarding against each other’s treachery.

To be honest, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this. From this point of view, even though the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had connections and cooperation, there was no basis for trust in this cooperation.

It was not scary.

Under such circumstances, the transaction fell into a stalemate. No one trusted each other. Everyone was afraid that the other party would be shameless. After a few rounds of arguing, Jin Tai was a little angry. “This won’t do. Nothing will come out of it. Why don’t you force us to kill all of you?”

“Bring it on!” Neff and Lang Han raised the holy light balls and the ancient jade talismans in their hands at the same time. They looked like they would destroy this thing if they did not cooperate. This made Gu Teng very helpless.

Neff and Lang Han looked over at the same time.

“One or two from each side will stay and control what you want to trade with us. However, you have to be surrounded by our people from afar. Then, the others could leave the range of the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp.

“After the others leave the range of the Southern Heavenly Gate Military Camp, we’ll let the last one or two of you leave after we obtain the trading items. In the middle, if we make any abnormal movements, your guards can immediately destroy the trading items,” Gu Teng said.

After thinking for only 30 seconds, Neff and Lang Han agreed to Gu Teng’s suggestion. If they did not agree to this method, this untrustworthy deal would fall into a dead cycle and they would not be able to reach a deal.

This way, the interests of both sides would be guaranteed. However, the only problem was the two people who stayed. If one or two of them were not careful, they would face death. It was hard to say if the Great Xi Clan would keep their promise and let the guards leave alive after obtaining the item.

The probability might be 50-50.

The Great Xi Clan might keep their promise and let them leave alive. They might also kill the people who stayed behind.

It could even be said that based on the competitive relationship between the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race and the Muyas, it was more likely that the Great Xi Clan would kill the people who stayed behind.

If he had the chance to weaken the enemy, why not?

Under such circumstances, the Muyas and the Spiritual Race team were a little uneasy. The probability of the people chosen to stay behind was only one-third. In that case, who would be left behind?

“Sure, but we’ll decide who stays behind,” Lang Han said.

“Impossible!” This time, Gu Teng was extremely determined. “That’s absolutely impossible. You leave two quasi-planets behind and destroy the trading items with the intention of perishing together. At that time, your main force had left.

Who are we going to look for?”

The deal was once again deadlocked. “What do you think?”

“We will specify the people who will stay behind. We will specify the two Planetary realm experts with status among you to stay behind,” Gu Teng suggested.

“Impossible!” Lang Han refused.

They argued for a while longer, but two minutes later, they finally got the results..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1