Chapter 1442 - 1442: Betrayal And Reason (4)

Chapter 1442: Betrayal and Reason (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The holy light ball and the ancient jade talisman, which was also the divine restriction block that Feng Xian had mentioned. The Great Xi Clan used this as an exchange condition.

“And that’s four. We can’t take them out. We only have seven at the moment.” Neff also gave a clear indication.

Gu Teng was stunned. He took a closer look at the team of the Spiritual Race and the Muyas. “That’s true, but I know that you must have extra for this thing, but I won’t hold it against you. Three, give me three portions each! I’ll let you pass! It’s fine if you can do it. If not, let’s fight! I don’t believe that the 300,000 troops under me can’t destroy you!” Gu Teng sneered.

“You control 300,000 members of the Southern Heavenly Gate Army! Who would believe you!” Lang Han first sneered. “However, three portions is acceptable!”

“What about you guys?” Gu Teng looked at Neff.

“Three portions is not impossible!” Neff hesitated before agreeing.

At the side, Cai Shaochu and the Blue Star humans became anxious. “Gu Teng, what do you mean? We’re allies, right?”

“Don’t you understand what I mean?” On the city wall, Gu Teng sneered.

Gu Teng, who did not answer directly, made the Blue Star people hold onto a trace of hope. However, in the next moment, Gu Teng’s actions made the Blue Star people furious.

Gu Teng actually sent out a division of nearly 2,000 generals and slowly pressed towards the Blue Star humans with an army.

“You’d better walk further away. Otherwise, I’ll immediately command the army to surround you!” Gu Teng sneered.

Under the pressure of the army, the seven teams of the Blue Star humans could only retreat. At the same time, Haren’s angry voice sounded. “Gu Teng, aren’t you afraid of the consequences if you openly betray the alliance?”

Gu Teng, who was on the tower of the Southern Heavenly Gate, sneered and did not say a word. However, the guards of the Heavenly Court who had heard his orders to leave the city and press forward, lined up in a formation and pressed the Blue Star humans step by step, constantly retreating.

Behind him, Cai Shaochu had a cold expression. He was also very angry, but he did not say anything else. It was obvious that the Great Xi Clan had planned this.

The threat of terrible consequences that Haren had mentioned was useless.

On the other hand, the alliance between the Great Xi Clan and the Blue Star Humans was only a temporary mutually beneficial cooperation. There were naturally unstable factors.

There must be a reason why the Great Xi Clan was so determined to abandon cooperation with the Blue Star humans.

This reason was the most important. Now, he had to think of a way to find out the reason or find another way to enter the Southern Heavenly Gate. This was the breakthrough.

However, no matter which one it was, Cai Shaochu could not think of a solution in a short period of time.

The only fortunate thing was that Xu Tui was there.

“I want to find out why the Great Xi Clan is so determined to betray us. Then, I want to see if there’s a way to help us enter the Southern Heavenly Gate.” Cai Shaochu could only ask Xu Tui, who was mixed among the Muyas, for help.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s existence as a spy was extremely important.

“I understand. Principal, give me some time. I’ll try my best.” Xu Tui also understood that he had to think of a way at this moment.

“Little Six, can you intervene in the defense of the city?” Xu Tui immediately asked Little Six.

“Not for the time being, but we should be useful. They let us hurry up and recover our power.”

“Alright, inform me immediately if there are any changes.”

Xu Tui made an emergency contact. Neff had already gathered the six surviving captains.

“Everyone must have heard it. The Great Xi Clan’s condition is for three items. These three items are actually the holy light balls in the hands of the captains.

The reason should be very simple. Xu Tui’s team was basically empty. The other two captains were still hesitating if they should fight for it when Xu Tui had already handed the Holy Light Ball to Neff.

Neff was very satisfied with the role model.

Xu Tui also asked, “Lord Neff, wasn’t the Great Xi Clan a cooperative ally with the Blue Star humans in the past? Why are they so determined to chase away the Blue Star humans now?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1