Chapter 1445 - 1445: Wanting To Live And Causing Trouble (3)

Chapter 1445: Wanting to Live and Causing Trouble (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Both sides took a step back.

The candidates for the Muyas and the Spiritual Race to stay behind were chosen by the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng. But he could only designate one person.

The three sides reached an agreement on this resolution. An uneasy atmosphere instantly spread among the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muyas and the Spiritual Race. He stayed behind alone. In that case, the designated person would most likely become an abandoned pawn.

There was a high chance that he would die. Who was willing to die?

All the Planetary realm experts on both sides stared at Gu Teng. Gu Teng was a little like the Grim Reaper. He was selecting the death list, giving the Muyas and the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race immense pressure.

“Mr. Chi Wuxun from the Spiritual Race. Mr. Chi Wuxun is the nephew of anotner elaer or your bpmrltual Kace, cm Jing. He snoula nave some weignc, right?”

After Gu Teng said that, Chi Wuxun’s face turned pale. His hands were trembling.

Lang Han looked at Chi Wuxun expressionlessly. Since he had been chosen by the enemy, there was nothing he could say. Gu Teng’s gaze looked at the Muyas. Other than Neff, everyone on the Muyas’ side was in danger.

Xu Tui did not mind. He was a quasi-planet. He was still secretly observing the

Spiritual Race’s lineup. He even saw Lei Tian’s brother, Lei Zhen, in the Spiritual Race’s team. He had to kill this guy if he had the chance. He had killed many Blue Star humans before.

It could be said that they had a lot of blood debts.

“I heard that Officiant Kaedo is highly favored by your Bishop, Mr. Xiliude. Please stay behind.” Once Gu Teng said that, the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Muya side heaved a sigh of relief at the same time. It was not them.

He actually chose Officiant Kaedo. They were first stunned, then they all looked relaxed.

It’s better for you to die than me.

It was good that it was not them.

Xu Tui was stunned. He, a quasi-planet, was actually chosen. Didn’t they say that they were going to choose the Planetary realm? He felt a little helpless.

Of course, Xu Tui also understood that the Great Xi Clan had chosen him to stay behind because of his status and importance. They were certain that he would not be treated as a sacrificial soldier, causing their efforts to be in vain.

“Can we get someone else?” Neff said after a moment.

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. Since Neff had said that, it was even more impossible for the Great Xi Clan to replace him.

“No!” Gu Teng sneered. He had carefully considered the candidate for the guard. Strength was secondary. Status was the most important. Usually, people with status, especially within the Muyas, were more afraid of death. As long as he was afraid of death, he was not afraid of self-destruction with the holy light ball.

“Alright.” After a few seconds of silence, Neff looked at Xu Tui with a helpless expression. “Officiant Kaedo, I’m sorry. I have to put you in danger. I have no choice. However, for the benefit of our Muya God Race, we can only ask

Officiant Kaedo to take the risk.’

Xu Tui was speechless. He remained silent.

“Officiant Kaedo, please stay behind and guard the holy light ball. When we leave, you will trade the holy light balls to the Great Xi Clan. Then you should be able to return safely,” Neff said.

“What if the Great Xi Clan wants to kill me?” Xu Tui asked worriedly.

“If, if the Great Xi Clan wants to kill you, I can only say that you have to do everything you can to survive! Including being captured and surrendering! I believe that when we see the bishop in the future, he will definitely remember your contribution. They will think of a way to redeem you! As long as you were alive! Even if you surrendered to the Great Xi Clan, they would not blame you! As long as you return to the arms of the Lord, the Bishop, including us, will give you the greatest respect and even reward.” Neff was working for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s mind was working at high speed. Without a doubt, this was an extremely dangerous mission. Being alive was the first priority, and causing trouble was the second.

Xu Tui wanted to live and cause trouble..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1