Chapter 1440 - 1440: Break Of Promise And Reason (2)

Chapter 1440: Break of Promise and Reason (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Sir, are you saying that even though the Great Xi Clan has already occupied the Southern City Pass, their main force is still at the Southern Heavenly Gate? They did not explore the interior of the Heavenly Court.

“Normally, after occupying the Southern Heavenly Gate, and with so many Heavenly Court guards guarding it, shouldn’t their main forces immediately enter the Heavenly Court to explore and seize resources and various advantages?”

Neff revealed a rare smile when he heard that. He gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Officiant Kaedo is indeed someone that the bishop thinks highly of. Your observation skills are astonishing.

“I believed that as long as Officiant Kaedo broke through to the Planetary realm, you would definitely rise to the top in the future. With the care of the bishop, it was only a matter of time before you broke through to the Planetary realm.

“I might have to call you Lord in the future,” Neff said with a smile.

“No, no. Even if I break through, my strength will increase very slowly. Lord Neff, according to you, the main force of the Great Xi Clan did not head to the Heavenly Court to explore immediately. There’s a problem here.

“Is it because there is also a power in the Heavenly Court that they are afraid of?” Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. He had thought of the key to the problem.

“That’s right. Their main force is gathered here because they are waiting for cooperation. Otherwise, they would not have gained much even if they occupied the Southern Heavenly Gate.” Neff did not completely say everything, but Xu Tui already understood a little.

The Great Xi Clan was waiting for a deal. They were waiting to make a deal with the other races.

What deal?

Xu Tui could not understand.

Neff had already used the holy light to vibrate the sound waves and started to shout at the Southern Heavenly Gate Tower. “Is Gu Teng here? I’m Neff from the Muya God Clan. Come out and answer.”

On the city tower, a guard of the Heavenly Court wearing a golden helmet and golden armor suddenly walked towards the front row from the back. To be precise, based on the characteristics of his body, he should be a member of the Great Xi Clan wearing a golden helmet and golden armor.

Xu Tui had heard of Gu Teng. When they were on Ceres Star, the Blue Star humans had collected information about Planetary realm powerhouses from various races through various methods to prepare for battle.

Xu Tui had completely remembered.

Gu Teng and Jin Tai were the two Planetary realm powerhouses brought by the Great Xi Clan’s executive, Gu Ji. This time, they all entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Judging from the name, Gu Teng should have a certain relationship with Executive Gu Ji. Therefore, Gu Teng would definitely be the main leader of the exploration team of the Great Xi Clan this time.

“I’m Gu Teng, Mr. Neff. We meet again.”

“Gu Teng, you’re really fast! Tell me, what conditions!” After saying that, Neff narrowed his eyes and looked at Gu Teng from afar. “Actually, I can roughly guess your conditions.”

“Oh?” Gu Teng asked instead of answering.

“Haha.” Neff chuckled. “But I still hope that you can understand, Gu Teng. Cooperation will benefit both sides. You can raise the conditions, but don’t be too ridiculous.”

Gu Teng chuckled in response. He looked at Neff’s sharp gaze and said a few seconds later, “Let’s wait until the people of the Spiritual Race arrive.”

Neff nodded and did not say anything else. Instead, he instructed everyone to recover their strength in batches. He also instructed the remaining three officiants to treat the injured and strengthen them.

Originally, a total of four officiants had entered this time. They were Lally, Kaedo, Gabe, and Carillo.

Carillo had been killed by Xu Tui. There were only three people left. Unfortunately, it is not convenient now.

If it was convenient, Xu Tui would kill Lally, the Three Satellites officiant. And since Gabe was his people, Neff would no longer be able to unleash the strength of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

After a while, the first to arrive was not the Spiritual Race, but the American Sector team from the Blue Star.

Seeing the lineup of the Muyas, Haren immediately carefully led his men more than ten kilometers away from the Muyas. Then, he sized up the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass and frowned.

Then, teams from the Blue Star Humans arrived one after another.

The Blue Star was actually quite strong. Several teams, such as the teams from the American Sector, the European Sector, and the Russian Federation, were all unharmed. They did not even lose a quasi -planet.

Not long after, Cai Shaochu arrived with the Huaxia Sector team. It was also undamaged. The main forces of the Blue Star gathered together, so they were not as careful as before. They were not afraid of the Muyas attacking them.

But they were as careful as Neff and maintained a safe distance from the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Although the humans of the Blue Star had previously cooperated with the Great Xi Clan because of Shang Long, it would be childish to completely trust the Great Xi Clan and place their safety in trust.

If the Great Xi Clan really ordered the guards of the Heavenly Court to attack at the same time, they would not die in vain!

At a safe distance, Cai Shaochu stepped forward and communicated with the Great Xi Clan.

“Mr. Gu Teng, congratulations on occupying the Southern Heavenly Gate in advance. As a cooperative ally, shouldn’t you let us enter the pass first and defend the city together?” Cai Shaochu took the initiative to shout.

“Do I need to?” Gu Teng sneered.

This reply was actually a little awkward, but Cai Shaochu chuckled. “After all, we are allies. We have a foundation of cooperation and trust. Mr. Gu Teng, let us enter. Of course, we can pay a price.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1