Chapter 1450 - 1450: The Seal Of The Main Hall

Chapter 1450 - 1450: The Seal of the Main Hall

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You… succeeded?”

Xu Tui almost froze when he heard such a sudden question.

Neff and the others should be able to answer this question. However, Xu Tui basically did not know the inside story of success.

But he was also an intelligent person.

Xu Tui nodded vigorously under the gaze of the tailman. “It was done, but there was an accident in the process. Now, we’ve charged in again.”

“Good, good, that’s great! Lord Hei Yang has finally succeeded!” The tailman clenched his fists excitedly.

Xu Tui remembered the words ‘Hei Yang’.

Could Hei Yang be the leader of the Muyas in the Heavenly Court? It was also at this moment that Xu Tui realized that the clothes of the leopard-tailed man had a hint of a uniform. Furthermore, he was different from the others behind him.

He had a position and a certain status. He just did not know what position he had.

Xu Tui knew too little about the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He desperately wanted to know. But the vortex of heavenly tribulation above his head appeared again. In the distance, Xu Tui could already see the stream of light of the Great Xi Clan.

At the same time, the tailman also noticed the sudden appearance of the heavenly tribulation above his head. He had a puzzled expression.

Xu Tui couldn’t care less about anything else. In any case, he had encountered someone he could question. He would not teleport and escape first. He would see if he could solve the problem.

“Because I had a holy light ball that could break restrictions on me, I was chased by the Great Xi Clan. For some reason, I attracted a heavenly tribulation. Therefore, I urgently needed a safe house to avoid danger. Senior, where is the safe house?”

“Safe house, the Great Xi Clan?” The tailman glanced at the heavenly tribulation, then glanced at the stream of light that was chasing after them from afar. His eyes shot out a tangible light, and he instantly saw Gu Teng and the others clearly. However, his expression changed.

“The golden-armored puppet army also succeeded?” The tailman asked anxiously.

“Yes, if there’s no safe house, I’ll escape first. This heavenly tribulation will be soon. I won’t be able to defeat them.” Xu Tui glanced at the heavenly tribulation and became anxious. Once the heavenly tribulation took shape, he could not teleport even if he wanted to.

After pondering for half a second, the tailman said, “In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, other than the palaces that really hold the power of the Heavenly Court, no place can escape the pursuit of the Heavenly Tribulation.

“I can find you a safe house, but you can only avoid the pursuit of the golden-armored puppet army. You can’t avoid the heavenly tribulation. If you want to avoid the heavenly tribulation, you can only leave the Heavenly Court.”

“I just saved you. I can’t leave. Bring me into the safe house. I’ll withstand the heavenly tribulation!” Xu Tui immediately agreed.

The tailman nodded heavily. “You have to save more brothers! Let’s go. I’ll bring you somewhere. I can bring you into this place, but there’s something inside that I can’t touch. You can try.”

Xu Tui nodded. He turned around and followed tailman. At this moment, he asked, “By the way, my name is Kaedo. How should I address you, Senior?”

“My name is Bao Zhang.”

Xu Tui sized up the name Bao Zhang. Could it be related to the Leopard Form?

“By the way, Senior Bao Zhang, because of some restrictions and a long time, we can be considered juniors among the juniors. We don’t know much about the situation in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Can you tell me so that it will be easier for me to save people in the future?” Xu Tui was playing the role of an innocent junior.

Perhaps it was because he had encountered a fellow clansman in a foreign land, or perhaps it was because Xu Tui had used the Holy Light Ball to deal with the control on him, but he trusted Xu Tui very much.

“It’s been a long time?” Bao Zhang was a little confused. “That’s true. Ever since we were sealed here, there has been no sun or moon. I don’t know how long it has been. However, the situation in the Heavenly Court could not be explained in a sentence. Let’s go first. I’ll use my divine sense to record a jade slip for you on the way.”

Bao Zhang brought Xu Tui along as he ran. However, when he saw that the Great Xi Clan behind him had already caught up, he suddenly turned around and said to his subordinates behind him, “All of you, stop the golden-armored puppet. This is the territory of our Ji Shui Temple. Those who enter will die!”

The ten officials who also had the characteristics of a leopard instantly turned around and faced the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng. However, Bao Zhang said to Xu Tui, “Even I will need some time to enter that place.”

Twenty seconds later, Bao Zhang brought Xu Tui to the front of the hall that had a sharp aura. The plaque of the hall had originally been hidden, but as Bao Zhang arrived, three large words appeared.

Ji Shui Temple.

The ten subordinate officials of the Ji Shui Temple at the back had already fought with the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng.

Gu Teng did not say anything and started killing. According to Xu Tui’s previous observations, the ten subordinate officials of the Ji Shui Temple were all in the Planetary realm. There were also two to three Five Satellites. His combat strength should be higher than the guards of the Heavenly Court.

However, there were many people from Gu Teng’s side.

Even if the officials of the Ji Shui Temple shouted that they wanted to rebel, it was useless.

Bao Zhang had already brought Xu Tui to the entrance of the Ji Shui Temple. When the thick light screen rose, Bao Zhang carefully took out a token and threw it into the light screen.

In an instant, a door opened on the light screen. Bao Zhang pulled Xu Tui and flashed in. The moment he was pulled back by Bao Zhang, Xu Tui’s entire body tensed up. His mind power was ready to attack.

After all, to Xu Tui, Bao Zhang was still a foreign race. However, Bao Zhang did not think so. “Kaedo, don’t be nervous. You’ll be safe once you enter here.”

Bao Zhang thought that Xu Tui was scared. The moment Bao Zhang brought Xu Tui into the Ji Shui Temple, the tunnel that had been opened at the entrance of the Ji Shui Temple closed.

In less than a second, Gu Teng arrived in front of it with more than a hundred people.

Xu Tui, who had just entered the Ji Shui Temple, was a little stunned. From the outside, this Ji Shui Temple was not big. It was only the size of five to six rooms. However, when one entered it, it was a different world. It was very large.

It was more like a small group of buildings. It was a little like a courtyard house. On both sides and in the middle were halls and rooms. There was a huge courtyard in the middle.

At the main entrance, the door of a hall was open. The words “Ji Shui Main Hall” were written.

Xu Tui could also see Gu Teng and the others outside the Ji Shui Temple. However, Gu Teng and the others could not see Xu Tui.

Xu Tui sensed the aura of the heavenly tribulation above his head again.

However, he was a little worried. “Senior Bao Zhang, this Gu Teng of the Great Xi Clan is leading hundreds of golden -armored guards. I think that although the defense of the Ji Shui Temple is thick, it could not withstand the combined attacks of more than 100 experts.

“No matter how strong they are, as long as they blast this energy defense dozens of times, they will be able to break through it and charge in!”

“How dare they!” Bao Zhang sneered. “This is the Heavenly Court, the most rules-abiding place in the entire universe! It doesn’t matter if they killed my subordinate officials. After all, after the chaos, the rules became weaker.

“However, this Ji Shui Temple was one of the main halls of the Heavenly Court. The lords here were one of the main officials of the Heavenly Court, no matter who was in charge. Those outsiders could still attack forcefully. However, if those golden-armored puppets dared to attack, they would be courting death. Do they really think that the restrictions in their bodies are fake?!” Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that.

To be honest, there were more than a dozen Planetary realm guards in the

Great Xi Clan. There weren’t that many, though. It would be too terrifying if 100 Heavenly Court guards mixed with Five, Six, and Seven Satellites guards attacked at the same time.

While the heavenly tribulation was still condensing, Xu Tui quickly took out a Soul Crystal and began to recover his mind power. At the same time, he sized up the Ji Shui Hall. The other places were actually very ordinary. However, the Ji Shui Main Hall attracted Xu Tui’s interest.

The door of the main hall was open. The furnishings could be seen at a glance.

It was very simple. There was an official chair, a huge table, and a huge drum. However, the most eye-catching thing was the fist-sized seal floating on the table.

The seal emitted a faint blue light. It also emitted a pressure that Xu Tui could not understand.

When Xu Tui slowly approached and stepped into the main hall of the Ji Shui

For example, the seal in the Ji Shui Temple.

However, what would happen if he obtained such a seal? Will he obtain a

certain amount of power? Or will he control a portion of the force? Or would he obtain a certain level of authority?

Just for a short moment, Xu Tui really wanted to see if he could obtain the main seal of the Ji Shui Temple. He wanted to see if he could refine it and obtain it.

However, in less than a minute, the heavenly tribulation above his head had basically taken shape.

Xu Tui glanced at Bao Zhang, who only dared to stay at the side of the courtyard. He left the main hall and prepared to welcome the heavenly tribulation in a direction closer to the main hall. It was also to guard against Bao Zhang.

Xu Tui thought about it and threw out Kitawan, Lang Xu, Belas, and Feng Ran.

“These are the captives I controlled.” Xu Tui had said this to Bao Zhang, whose expression had an upheaval. “If the enemies of the Great Xi Clan outside charge in, face the enemy with Lord Bao Zhang and buy time.”

Of course, that was what Xu Tui said on the surface. In reality, Xu Tui was using his consciousness to send a voice transmission to the four of them. He asked the four of them to protect him while guarding against Bao Zhang.

If anything happened, they would listen to his orders and attack.

According to the current situation, Bao Zhang could still be trusted. However, who knew if Bao Zhang would become suspicious during the process of transcending the heavenly tribulation? Xu Tui did not dare to place his safety on an unfamiliar outsider.

Therefore, he had some instructions.

The moment Xu Tui finished his instructions, the lightning vortex in the sky had already formed. The first bolt of lightning that was as thick as an arm had already struck toward Xu Tui’s head.

This bolt of lightning was a little earthy yellow..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1