Chapter 1456 - 1456: Manual Paywall (2)

Chapter 1456 - 1456: Manual Paywall (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Should I send Xiaoxue my last words in advance…” Xu Tui smiled bitterly as he checked the items in his quantum dimensional chain to see if there were any that he could spend money on.

Xu Tui suddenly froze when his mind power landed on the thousands of bottles of mineral water in a corner.

On one hand, they were used for survival. As long as there was water, Planetary realm powerhouses could survive for more than a month even without food. On the other hand, this water was also used to use the water-type instantiation ability. With the enhancement of the material water, it would be faster and more convenient to use the water-type supernatural ability of Perception Instantiation. It would also be more powerful.

Xu Tui thought of his other ability. He instantly became ecstatic. Who said that he could not spend money? He could also spend money! If the game did not accept top-ups, Xu Tui could manually spend money on himself. How could he spend money?

Blizzard Domain!

Xu Tui poured out hundreds of bottles of water.

Far away, Bao Zhang was a little stunned. He could not understand these operations at all. Why did he have to pour water? He should not drink like this even if he was thirsty!

The moment it was poured out, Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain instantly activated. The Blizzard Domain turned the water into ice and snow. A blizzard domain with a radius of about 100 meters instantly formed. With Xu Tui as the center, the entire blizzard turned white.

Under the urging of his mind power, the Blizzard Domain began to increase its altitude. When it reached about 15 meters, its speed clearly slowed down. The consumption began to increase, and the energy gushing over from all directions was not enough.

10,000 grams of Origin Crystal instantly flew out.

Xu Tui did not care if it was a waste. He spread his mind power and activated it. The energy in the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals was instantly activated.

Under the restraint of his mind power, the Blizzard Domain was pushed up again. It was 20 meters, 25 meters. After throwing another 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals, the Blizzard Domain had already been pushed to 30 meters.

In other words, 30 meters up from Xu Tui’s foothold was completely covered by the blizzard domain.

The white snowstorm caused the entire Ji Shui Temple t to be covered in a layer of frost.

The result of 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals smashing into the Blizzard Domain was that Xu Tui did not even need to use his other abilities. A thick snow storm had already accumulated around him. His entire body had already begun to accumulate ice and snow.

In the sky, the heavenly tribulation in the lightning vortex was rapidly filling up.

“It’s about time.” In the next moment, Xu Tui instantly transformed into the Earth Body again. The 30-foot-tall giant raised his small head. He put on the six layers of Vajra Barrier and the Vajra Tide Shield.

Then, the ice seal!

In an instant, Xu Tui became an ice lump. However, it was in the state of an earth body and was huge. The use of the ice seal instantly reduced the power of the snowstorm in all directions.

This time, Xu Tui threw out another 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

The energy in the 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals was triggered and continuously strengthened to replenish the Blizzard Domain. At the same time, the ice seal kept extracting a large amount of the ice power in the Blizzard Domain and freezing itself.

It was as if he was being poured layer by layer. Xu Tui sealed himself in an iceberg. If he could not top-up, he could only spend money manually! A minute later, after Xu Tui threw in another 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals, he had already used the ice seal to pile up an ice mountain that was 30 meters tall and 50 meters in diameter.

Xu Tui was at the top of the ice mountain. Although the coldness was threatening, it could not affect him with the Vajra Barrier protecting him. Most importantly, this ice mountain was made by Xu Tui. It carried Xu Tui’s mind power aura and did not affect his mind power at all.

In other words, even with the ice mountain covering his body, Xu Tui’s mind power could still enter and leave.

In the next moment, the red light from the red fire slip surged into the Mountain Nova. The second-level star halo that the Mountain Nova had just condensed immediately became extremely dazzling.

A Mountain Flying Sword materialized above his head again. Then, it continuously compressed and compressed. It began to circle around him with a golden light.

Xu Tui passed through the countless layers of ice and used his mind power to sense the lightning vortex above his head. It was about to happen. He had to spend money manually!

This was Xu Tui’s manual spending process.

This process took a full three and a half minutes.

Of course, the reason why he could spend money manually was because of the uniqueness of the Blizzard Domain. The Blizzard Domain was a little similar to a force field. If it was continuously strengthened, Xu Tui’s water-type ability of instantiation would be greatly strengthened.

This time, Xu Tui had spent as much as 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals to create such a spending method mainly because he had enough time to prepare. If they were to fight normally, Xu Tui would not even have three and a half seconds, let alone three and a half minutes.

Ten seconds later, the lightning vortex flashed. The purple-black lightning tribulation, which was as thick as a bucket, blasted down with a demonic light.

Whoosh!

The Mountain Flying Sword instantly blasted forward.

It shattered !

Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion. Before the lightning tribulation hit the huge ice mountain, the Mountain Seal struck again.

It shattered!

The lightning tribulation struck the ice mountain. As the ice mountain trembled, it began to rapidly melt.

In an instant, the ice mountain flattened from 30 meters to 22 meters.

In this extremely short moment, Xu Tui instantiated another mountain. He did not have time to compress it. The moment the mountain was instantiated, it blasted onto the purple-black lightning tribulation.

The lightning tribulation trembled slightly and was dispersed by about 10%. In the next moment, the ice mountain was flattened to 14 meters.

The Mountain Formula blasted again!

When the ice mountain was flattened to six meters, the water melted by the ice mountain first boiled, then turned into boundless water vapor.

The Mountain Formula blasted again!

At the same time, the extremely short cooldown time of Time Distortion also ended. The moment the ice mountain was completely flattened, the Mountain Seal blasted out again. One strike and five seals could blast away the power of the 10% of the lightning tribulation every time. The power of the first strike was the greatest.

At the same time, the 30-meter-long ice mountain also consumed a large amount of the lightning tribulation’s energy. The moment it hit the Vajra Tide Return Shield, the lightning tribulation only had 25% of its power left.

The Vajra Tide Return Shield instantly shattered. Next, every layer of the Vajra Barrier was torn apart like paper.

During the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation, Xu Tui had even replenished two more Vajra Barriers. However, this time, he only had time to replenish one Vajra Barrier. The seven layers of Vajra Barrier and a Shield had worn down 15% of the heavenly tribulation.

There was still one more level of the ninth heavenly tribulation. However, Xu Tui still did not dare to take it head-on. He felt that even if it was only one level of power, he would turn to dust. At this moment, the black eye in his left eye flashed. He had teleported! However, the distance of his teleportation was only 50 meters.

Xu Tui had teleported to buy himself that moment to react. The moment he appeared in the air, the heavenly tribulation struck Xu Ai’s head like a shadow. At the same time, a huge “mountain” character that had not completely instantiated appeared above his head.

The moment it appeared, it was pierced through by the lightning tribulation. Then, Xu Tui took out the various cards that he had held in his hand a long time ago.

This included the Vajra Barrier Origin Crystal ability seal card that Li Qingping had given him, as well as the various defensive cards that he had seized, including the defensive Origin Crystal ability card that he had made. They were basically all quasi-planetary.

However, the advantage was that it could be used instantly.

Xu Tui crushed them all. Layers of light rose and melted like snow. Every light could only consume a little of the ninth heavenly tribulation, but there was a lot of it. In the next moment, the remaining ninth heavenly tribulation, which was about 3%, poured onto Xu Tui’s head.

The purple lightning entered his body. Xu Tui fell to the ground again. His limbs twitched as if he had been electrocu ted.

Not far away, Bao Zhang sniffled again. The smell of the roasted meat was really a little fragrant!

What a nostalgic taste!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1