Chapter 1455 - 1455: Manual Paywall (1)

Chapter 1455: Manual Paywall (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

How could he pass the ninth heavenly tribulation?

Xu Tui was really anxious.

Up until now, he had not thought of a way to successfully transcend the tribulation. He had already used up all his methods during the eighth heavenly tribulation. In theory, the power of the ninth level of the heavenly tribulation might be twice that of the eighth level.

According to the various performances of his abilities during the eighth heavenly tribulation, when he went to receive the ninth heavenly tribulation, which was twice the size of the eighth heavenly tribulation, in theory, there was only one outcome. He would turn into ashes.

Although his Vajra Tide Force Field had broken through and had three star halos, it was only equivalent to the strength of a three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The ninth heavenly tribulation was most likely the power level of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui quickly communicated with Little Six and described a few scenarios to him. Instantaneously dodge?

It was instantly rejected by Little Six. The heavenly tribulation that had already taken shape was like a shadow. He could no longer avoid it. Unless Xu Tui could hide in a place that the heavenly tribulation could not reach before the ninth heavenly tribulation struck.

For example, leaving the solar system or going to some relatively independent small universes.

So it was equivalent to not saying anything. In any case, after the heavenly tribulation had taken shape, he could not avoid teleportation.

Relying on other people’s lives? For example, Xu Tui would not feel any burden if Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the other captains died.

But it was still rejected.

The reason was very simple. In the heavenly tribulation of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, anyone who underwent the tribulation had to undergo it alone. If an outsider interfered, the heavenly tribulation would instantly increase again.

The judgment sign of whether or not an outsider interfered in the heavenly tribulation was the aura of different mental bodies. In ancient times, one needed the protection of their sect when transcending the heavenly tribulation.

Why?

This was because they were afraid that an enemy would casually throw another living being into the heavenly tribulation and cause the power of the heavenly tribulation to be enhanced. The person transcending the tribulation would turn to ashes on the spot.

In modern language, this was also a use of rules. It was a little like a bug.

The last thought was the God Slaying Sword.

Could he use the God Slaying Sword? The God Slaying Sword was Xu Tui’S trump card. If he slashed out now, the Five Satellites Planetary realm would be severely injured.

Little Six’s answer was—it was useless!

It was useless against the heavenly tribulation. Why was the God Slaying Sword useless? It could be said that there was no mental body behind the heavenly tribulation for the God Slaying Sword to kill. It could also be said that the mental body behind the heavenly tribulation might be the entire universe of the Heavenly Court or a collection of its rule makers.

Therefore, the God Slaying Sword was useless.

Xu Tui understood what he meant. The God Slaying Sword might be able to affect the heavenly tribulation, but the mental body behind the heavenly tribulation was too large. The God Slaying Sword was still useless.

Previously, the Mental Vibrating Whip had been useful mainly because of the vibration effect.

“This… Little Six, according to what you said, I can only be reduced to ashes after the Ninth Heavenly Tribulation! Then what kind of method do I have to think of? I’ll just be reduced to ashes,” Xu Tui scolded angrily.

“This… I really can’t help. If you can refine a soul clone, you can actually try possessing a captain of the Heavenly Court. A soul clone is also your ability,” Little Six suggested.

Xu Tui was speechless. He had already obtained the ability of the divine soul clone from Kitawan. It was the supernatural ability of Itavi’s Fire Shadow Clone. It was not too difficult to train, but it also required time. And a few minutes was clearly not enough.

“Paywall. It’s true. In the era when I could enter and leave the Heavenly Court at will, most of the geniuses I saw who could successfully transcend the seventh, eighth, or even the ninth level of the Heavenly Tribulation relied on paywalls. Their seniors gave them a lot of protective treasures.”

It would have been fine if Little Six had not said that. However, Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of resentment when he said that. He had a sect and an elder now, but he did not have any protective treasures.

In the sky above Ceres Star, Shang Long, who was floating in the air with his hands behind his back and looking up at the vortex of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, suddenly shivered. He felt that something was wrong.

There was no need to communicate with Little Six anymore. Xu Tui had originally wanted to contact Cai Shaochu, but he had given up on that idea now. In the last minute or two, Xu Tui had to think of a way to save his life.

Otherwise, he would really turn to dust!

Paywall!

Paywall!

Paywall!

That word kept repeating in Xu Tui’S mind. To be honest, did he have it?

Xu Tui had a lot. In the quantum dimensional chain, the number of Origin Crystals he had accumulated and recently seized exceeded 200,000 grams. He was definitely a tycoon among Planetary realm powerhouses.

There was also a large number of Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals. Even if he was not the richest person among the Planetary realm powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector, he was still rich. It should not be a problem for him to be in the top 20, right?

Xu Tui felt that it was even possible for him to be in the top 10. But he could not spend it. This was the most f*cking line—this game did not accept top-ups!

Tsk! Did he have to wait for the ninth heavenly tribulation to turn him into ashes? He could not even escape?

Xu Tui’S divine consciousness landed on the red fire slip. How many ninth heavenly tribulations could it block if he gave this thing away? Unexpectedly, as soon as he had this thought, a trembling feeling came from within the red fire slip. Even the faint flames trembled. In short, it conveyed a meaning to Xu Tui. It could not do it. It would also turn to dust! It was not a complete body and could not withstand too much power.

This was the ninth heavenly tribulation!

Xu Tui: “…”

One could imagine how depressed Xu Tui was when he had the money but could not spend it..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1