Chapter 1451 - 1451: One Satellite Planetary Realm

Chapter 1451 - 1451: One Satellite Planetary Realm

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Outside the Ji Shui Temple, Gu Teng, who had just arrived, was furious.

Kaedo was too difficult to catch. They kept running in circles inside the Heavenly Court and finally caught up. However, at the last second, they watched helplessly as Kaedo hid in the Ji Shui Temple.

The depression at this moment was indescribable!

In his anger, Gu Teng instinctively blasted an energy light towards the Ji Shui Temple. The thick energy screen outside the Ji Shui Temple instantly rose. Even if Gu Teng was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, this energy beam was like a clay ox entering the sea when it hit the energy screen.

In Gu Teng’s perception, the energy screen of the Ji Shui Temple only fluctuated slightly. In the next moment, the extremely dense Origin Energy in the Heavenly Court surged over, and the energy screen of the Ji Shui Temple returned to normal.

Damn it, Gu Teng cursed in his heart. Forget it. In any case, according to the executive, the true higher-ups of the Heavenly Court had all disappeared. After he obtained a certain official status, such as his current commander position, he could do whatever he wanted.

“Bombard this, all of you! I don’t believe that you can’t break this thing! Kaedo, just you wait. I’ll break through this hall and capture you alive!” Gu Teng roared and gave the order.

Under Gu Teng’s order, the remaining 13 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan attacked the Ji Shui Temple at the same time. However, the shocking explosion that Gu Teng had expected did not appear.

The 100 Southern Heavenly Gate elites behind him were all stunned on the spot. None of them attacked the Ji Shui Hall.

Gu Teng was stunned and immediately became angry. He immediately took out the commander’s seal and raised it high to curse, “Don’t you understand military orders? Military orders are like mountains. Do you want to disobey orders? Explode. Explode this hall together. Explode this hall. I want to kill my way in!”

Still no one moved.

Gu Teng’s gaze landed on the three deputy generals he had brought with him. His voice suddenly turned cold. “Do you really want to disobey orders? Do you want me to execute military law?”

“Sir, I wouldn’t dare! However, the palace in front of me is the Ji Shui Hall of the 28 Constellations of the Heavenly Court. Unless there were the decrees of a few emperors or the great generals of the Southern Heavenly Gate, we would not dare to attack the Ji Shui Hall. Attacking is a violation of the rules!” A deputy general said carefully.

Gu Teng did not know much about this. He said angrily, “You violated the rules. Do you believe that I’ll kill you now?”

“Sir, if I attack this place, it will trigger the highest restriction in my body and my soul will be destroyed. Sir, please understand.” The deputy general spoke again.

Gu Teng was stunned. This time, he finally understood. “Is this… true?”

Although he had heard that the Heavenly Court had extremely strict control over the guards of the Heavenly Court, this was the first time he had heard this. Moreover, the Planetary realm elites of the Great Xi Clan had already attacked.

Attacking the Ji Shui Temple together was indeed a little effective. It had indeed weakened the energy defense screen of the Ji Shui Temple.

However, the energy in the Heavenly Court was too dense. The defensive light screen that had just been blasted away recovered most of it in the blink of an eye. It recovered completely after stopping for a second.

It would be too difficult to break through the Ji Shui Temple with the original strength of the Great Xi Clan. If these elite guards of the Heavenly Court participated, the speed would naturally be different.

Gu Teng, who did not believe it, then chose a captain and forced him to attack the Ji Shui Hall.

Due to the difference in level and the fact that they were in the military, the captain had no choice but to attack the Ji Shui Temple. The moment the captain’s attack landed on the Ji Shui Temple, a ball of light suddenly exploded from the captain’s head.

In an instant, the captain lost his mind power fluctuations and lay flat. His soul dissipated!

Gu Teng was stunned.

That was true!

Lightning could be vaguely seen flickering in the sky above the Ji Shui Temple. Gu Teng did not know what was going on with the lightning. However, he knew very well that he had to get back the three holy balls of light and the ancient jade talisman that Kaedo had snatched.

Otherwise, they would have gained too little.

“Explode! Continue blasting. I don’t believe that you can’t break it.” The guards of the Heavenly Court could not blast open the Ji Shui Temple, but the elites of the Great Xi Clan could.

However, the energy defense screen of the Ji Shui Temple was constantly recovering. At this rate, it might take an hour or even more. As he attacked, Gu Teng contacted Jin Tai. If he was done on his side, he would get Jin Tai to quickly come over.

If two waves of people worked together, they could break through the Ji Shui Temple in a short period of time. It might not even take 15 minutes, let alone half an hour.

In the Ji Shui Temple.

Xu Tui looked at the first bolt of lightning that had just dissipated and suddenly felt a little relaxed.

This heavenly tribulation was just so-so.

Xu Tui did not shatter the first bolt of lightning in order to test the power of the heavenly tribulation. Instead, he took it head-on. He would first use the five layers of Vajra Barrier to withstand it.

In the end, the heavenly tribulation with a hint of earthen yellow light descended. The first level of Xu Tui’s five-layered Vajra Barrier only fluctuated violently for a moment. It did not shatter.

Far away, Bao Zhang’s eyelids twitched. He did not know how his clansman, Kaedo, had obtained the heavenly tribulation, as it should be impossible under normal circumstances. However, he had dealt with the heavenly tribulation too easily.

Ordinary quasi-planets were definitely not that strong. But then again, an ordinary quasi-planet would probably not be able to barge into the Heavenly

Court to save them.

While he was waiting for the second heavenly tribulation, Xu Tui began to condense the force field of the main planet of mind power. Just as Shang Long had said, what was the force field of the main planet of mind power for? It was used to restrain other stars of supernatural power.

This was just like how the Blue Star’s gravitational field was to its satellites. The Blue Star was a planet that revolved around the sun. It was all because of the force field. The most basic function of the main planet force field was this.

Its special nature was not the most important pursuit. In the beginning, it only appeared because the power attributes of the main planet were different. The main planet of mind power was different from the main planet of other people.

Therefore, the simplest and most basic force field was enough.

Under such circumstances, it was too easy to form a force field. The boundless mind power in the main planet began to compress and spin like a vortex. As the force field was formed, the second heavenly tribulation instantly descended.

The second heavenly tribulation was twice as thick as the first. It was blue and black.

Xu Tui still chose to use the Vajra Barrier to withstand it.

Bang!

The first Vajra Barrier instantly shattered, and cracks appeared on the second Vajra Barrier, but it did not shatter.

Xu Tui was stunned. Damn it, why did the power of this heavenly tribulation feel like it had doubled?

Doubling it was a little terrifying. If he was like Bu Qingqiu, Xu Tui would be blasted into pieces if he was not careful.

Xu Tui began to condense a new star after the preliminary formation of the force field. Several genetic ability chains had already reached a perfect state. It was very fast to condense a supernatural star.

When the third heavenly tribulation struck, Xu Tui had already condensed the prototype of the Mountain Formula’s supernatural star. Origin energy had already surged into Xu Tui’s body from all directions.

Xu Tui could sense that the new supernatural star of the Mountain Formula that he had begun to condense was quickly completing its transformation.

This speed was six to seven times faster than Bu Qingqiu. Bu Qingqiu had condensed a new star at the end of the heavenly tribulation and became a One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouse. It was mainly limited by energy.

Forging a new star required a large amount of Origin Energy. Perhaps it was because of the Heavenly Court itself, or perhaps it was because it had been sealed for hundreds or thousands of years, but its energy was shockingly dense.

Once Xu Tui’s mind power main planet force field was formed, it was like a pump. Origin energy squeezed into Xu Tui’s body from all directions.

It was extremely fast.

The reason why he chose to first condense the Mountain Formula into a supernatural star, instead of the extremely powerful genetic ability chain of mental whip, was that the Mountain Formula could attack and defend.

This heavenly tribulation was still unknown. It might be five or six waves. It shouldn’t be a problem to survive five waves. It might be a little difficult for six waves. But what if the heavenly tribulation acted like a hooligan? And seven waves came?

Xu Tui would have to cry then. Therefore, he first condensed the star with the Mountain Formula. The Mountain Formula could attack and defend. It could increase one’s combat strength immediately.

The power of the third wave of the heavenly tribulation shocked Xu Tui even more. It directly shattered his four layers of Vajra Barrier.

Why did he feel that it was stronger than the heavenly tribulation that Bu Qingqiu had faced?

The power of shattering the four layers of Vajra Barrier was actually equivalent to the full-powered attack of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Wouldn’t the power of the next level of the heavenly tribulation surpass that of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse? Who could withstand this strength? Or was it because he was in the Heavenly Court, or rather, the heavenly tribulation had not blasted people away for a long time?

However, Xu Tui finally felt the benefits of the third heavenly tribulation when it blasted in.

Traces of lightning that were difficult to see with the naked eye passed through Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier and seeped into his body. They ran amok in his body.

It did not cause any damage to Xu Tui. However, as it ran around, he felt that his flesh, blood, bones, and every inch of his body were rapidly transforming under the tempering of the lightning.

Xu Tui, who was proficient in mental perception, could even sense that the quantum frequency of his original life was becoming stronger.

In layman’s terms, his physical recovery ability was rapidly recovering. In the past, he had to stop the bleeding when he was slashed. Now, after this initial tempering, it could stop the bleeding itself.

In his mind, the mind power main planet that was emitting six star halos formed a force field that was emitting a faint golden light. As the mind power main planet spun, the initial condensation of the Mountain Formula turned into a planet.

At this moment, Xu Tui was using the countless energy that had surged into his body to strengthen the supernatural star. The fourth heavenly tribulation struck. Before it landed, Xu Tui had already activated the ice seal crazily. He had frozen himself by a meter.

There was also a Vajra Barrier inside.

That should be appropriate.

Boom!

Lightning that was as thick as a bucket and suffused with a mixed color poured onto Xu Tui’s head. Countless vapors instantly rose. The one-meter-thick ice seal that Xu Tui had stacked above his head instantly shattered. Three of the five layers of Vajra Barrier inside shattered on the spot.

The fourth level was almost shattered!

In the sky, the lightning vortex had not dissipated. Xu Tui was a little flustered.

There was more!

The invisible power of lightning entered his body. Xu Tui’s body was still transforming at high speed.

Finally, during the interval between the lightning tribulations, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula supernatural star was finally condensed with the help of the boundless and dense energy in the Heavenly Court.

It was a khaki-colored supernatural star that was emitting a faint golden light because it was highly condensed.

The moment it was successfully condensed, Xu Tui instantly spat out the force field that he had just condensed from the main planet of his mind power and absorbed the supernatural star into the force field.

The main planet of mind power slowly spun. The new supernatural star, the

Mountain Formula, also began to spin along with the main planet force field.

At the same time that the aura of the supernatural star had completely stabilized, it also began to fuse into Xu Tui’s mind power main planet force field.

The auras of the main planet and the satellite began to fuse and complement each other. Xu Tui’s aura began to soar rapidly. This soaring speed surprised Bao Zhang, who was far away. He broke through so quickly? He was already at the One Satellite Planetary realm so quickly?

Almost at the same time, the fifth heavenly tribulation, which had doubled in size, instantly blasted toward Xu Tui’s head..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1