Chapter 1454 - 1454: All Purple Clouds

Chapter 1454: All Purple Clouds

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lightning with a hint of purple struck down. This was the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation. Just like when he was dealing with the seventh heavenly tribulation, the earth body appeared again.

However, the first wave of attacks was still the mental vibrating whip.

This was an extremely fast instantaneous ability.

The strength of the heavenly tribulation was displayed through the effect of this ability.

At the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation, the Mental Vibrating Whip could also weaken the power of the heavenly tribulation by about 5%. The effect of the Mental Vibrating Whip would be greatly weakened at the seventh level of the heavenly tribulation. It would weaken the amplitude of the heavenly tribulation by about 3%.

It more or less had an effect.

However, the Mental Vibrating Whip had almost no effect on the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation. A little more than 1%, less than 2%. The power of the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation was definitely three times that of the sixth.

Even if it was not equivalent to the full-powered attack of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, it was close.

In that case, could Xu Tui take it?

Xu Tui injected the flames of the red jade slip into the Mountain Nova for the sake of caution. The illusory second star halo of the Mountain Nova instantly became bright. The power of the Mountain Flying Sword and the Mountain Seal was enhanced at the same time.

The lightning tribulation struck down, and the Mountain Flying Sword and the Mountain Seal dissipated. Under the enhancement of the red jade slip, the Mountain Flying Sword and the Mountain Seal consumed about 45% of the power of the lightning tribulation. It was slightly less than before.

Despite that, it was not bad.

In the next moment, the lightning struck the Vajra Tide Return Shield and the Vajra Barrier.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier had already reached Level 6. It was not just the six layers. At this moment, the thickness of the Vajra Barrier had increased by about a third from before. It looked bright and its defense had greatly increased.

Lightning poured down. Even though the Vajra Tide Return Shield had also increased, it was directly dispersed by this terrifying lightning. There was no return tide force field at all since his shield was instantly destroyed.

A terrifying bolt of lightning poured down on Xu Tui’s head like a celestial river. The first layer of the Vajra Barrier instantly shattered. However, he could sense that the first level of the Vajra Barrier could last a little longer than before under the bombardment of the eighth level of the lightning tribulation.

It might only have lasted a millisecond longer. It was negligible under normal circumstances, but Xu Tui felt that it was already commendable. After the Vajra Tide Force Field condensed a supernatural star, his defense had indeed increased greatly.

Unfortunately, this was an extremely rare eighth heavenly tribulation.

The Vajra Barrier that had just broken through was still no different from paper in the face of this terrifying eighth heavenly tribulation. It was torn apart layer by layer.

However, thanks to the slight increase in time, Xu Tui managed to gather two more layers of Vajra Barriers before the sixth Vajra Barrier was destroyed, with the help of Time Distortion and bountiful energy field power.

It was equivalent to using eight layers of Vajra Barrier to block it. As the first seven layers of the Vajra Barrier shattered, the heavenly tribulation also quickly dissipated.

Xu Tui felt that the heavenly tribulation would be almost over when the eighth Vajra Barrier dissipated. It was also at this moment that he had a sudden thought. He had basically used up all of his methods when he transcended the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation.

The problem was that he was not sure if the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation was over.

Was there a ninth heavenly tribulation?

He had already used all his methods to deal with the eighth level of the heavenly tribulation. It would be fine if this was the end. If not, how could he deal with the ninth level of the heavenly tribulation?

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. This was because he still had a huge trump card that was useless.

However, he did not dare to use it.

That was holy light!

The holy light of the Muyas greatly enhanced an individual’s strength.

Currently, Xu Tui has many Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. However, he did not dare to use it previously.

Who knew if this heavenly tribulation had the ability to recognize the holy power of the Muyas? Would the Heavenly Tribulation be enhanced because he used holy power?

So he had not dared to use it before. At this moment, he had no choice but to try. If he did not try, it would be difficult if there was a ninth heavenly tribulation behind him. With a thought, boundless holy power was drawn out and instantly covered Xu Tui’s last Vajra Barrier.

A milky white halo immediately enveloped the faint golden Vajra Barrier, greatly increasing its defense.

Xu Tui sensed with his mental perception. He felt that he should be able to survive the ninth heavenly tribulation if he could use it at this rate.

However, Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically in the next moment. The lightning vortex that had already dried up suddenly slashed out another purple snake-shaped lightning because of the appearance of the holy power.

The purple snake-shaped lightning was as fast as lightning. It struck first and arrived later. It directly blasted onto the holy light.

Even though Xu Tui had instantly injected all the holy power in a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, the holy power and Vajra Barrier were instantly shattered by the additional snake-shaped lightning.

It was directly shattered!

Xu Tui was dumbfounded. He was looking for trouble for no reason. It was unnecessary! He could only watch as the last remaining eighth heavenly tribulation poured onto his head, turning the other golden helmet he was wearing into golden liquid.

Xu Tui, who was already prepared, was blasted to the ground when he used his mind power to sweep away the golden liquid.

The smell of roasted meat spread out, causing Bao Zhang, who was far away, to twitch his nose. He missed the taste. It had been a long time since he had smelled something like that. Bao Zhang sniffled. His eyes were filled with surprise, but he was not surprised at all.

Demon Slaying Lightning!

The purple snake-shaped lightning that suddenly appeared just now was the Demon Slaying Lightning of the Heavenly Court.

Demon Slaying Lightning, as the name suggested, was a lightning that specializes in killing demons.

Those who had holy power were demons in the eyes of the people in charge of the Heavenly Court.

At this moment, Bao Zhang completely believed him. There was no problem with this genius, Kaedo. To be treated as a demon by the Heavenly Court’s lightning tribulation, he was one of them.

However, in the next moment, Bao Zhang was stunned. The vortex of lightning in the sky had not dissipated. After the eighth lightning tribulation, the lightning in the lightning vortex began to gather again.

Nine Heavenly Tribulation was very rare even at that time. Those who could transcend the Ninth Heavenly Tribulation were all heroes of various worlds. However, there were not many people who could transcend the Ninth Heavenly Tribulation. Those who had the ability to attract the Ninth Heavenly Tribulation were all heroes of various worlds. However, only 30% to 40% of them could pass it.

That was under the premise that their elders had given them a large number of treasures. But this Kaedo in front of him?

Suddenly, Bao Zhang became a little worried. He was worried that Kaedo would not be able to pass the ninth level of the Heavenly Tribulation. If he could not make it…

Xu Tui was also worried. He looked like he was seriously injured after he was blasted to the ground without any regard for his image and his limbs would twitch. However, in reality, they were not serious. They were all physical injuries. Moreover, his injuries were rapidly recovering.

Xu Tui could not see the vortex of the heavenly tribulation, but he could sense that the terrifying aura above his head had appeared again. He cursed under his breath and greeted his ancestor.

Again? What should he do?

Xu Tui quickly calculated. He had used the holy power as a test just now, but he realized that he could not use it. Using this thing under the heavenly tribulation was courting death.

So how could he save his life? It was impossible to condense another new star and increase his cultivation to the Three Satellites Planetary realm. There was not enough time. The gap between the eighth and ninth heavenly tribulations was probably only about three minutes.

When he could move his limbs, Xu Tui immediately consumed a Water-Wood Pill and a Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill. He first used his introspection. He was a little surprised when he used introspection.

His mind power main planet seemed to have increased. The force field of the two supernatural stars complemented each other. The force field of the main planet of mind power had clearly strengthened.

Moreover, his overall situation had improved after the lightning tribulation just now.

The second star halo of the Mountain Nova appeared and quickly stabilized. The third star halo of the Vajra Nova had completely stabilized and was still increasing.

What stunned Xu Tui the most was that the most ordinary force field of his mind power main planet under the lightning tribulation had an indescribable feeling. He seemed to have noticed a certain change, but he could not say it at this moment. It seemed to have developed an indescribable characteristic.

Was this the special attributes of the main planet force field of mind power? Was this the effect of the Heavenly Tribulation? Xu Tui did not understand, so he did not have the time to think too much about it for the time being. Currently, passing the ninth level of the heavenly tribulation was the most important.

After communicating with Little Six for a moment, he was stunned.

“Not even 10% of those who are not from a famous sect have survived the nine levels of the Heavenly Tribulation.”

Simply put, if he wanted to safely pass through the ninth heavenly tribulation, he had to pay money. If he could not spend money, he would not be able to pass.

Did Xu Tui have money to spend? It seemed a little! But was it enough? Almost instantly, Xu Tui took out all the defensive Origin Crystal ability seal cards in the quantum dimensional chain.

There were a total of 17 cards. Including what he had made himself, including what Cai Shaochu and Li Qingping had given him.

However, these Origin Crystal ability seal cards were only at the level of a quasi-planet. Xu Tui seriously suspected that these Origin Crystal ability seal cards that were only at the level of a quasi-planet would not be able to affect the ninth level of the heavenly tribulation.

Above his head, the lightning gathered in the lightning vortex had already turned purple-black. There was no need to sense it. That power was definitely awesome. The lead clouds above his head turned purple.

Xu Tui would definitely want to ask the world if he could connect to the Blue Star’s Internet. How could he survive the ninth purple heavenly tribulation? I’m waiting online.. It’s quite urgent!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1