Chapter 1457 - 1457: Another Breakthrough And Force Field Mutation (1)

Chapter 1457 - 1457: Another Breakthrough and Force Field Mutation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Outside the Ji Shui Temple, Gu Teng was commanding the 13 Planetary realm powerhouses under him to continuously attack the defense of the Ji Shui Temple.

To be honest, it was quite impressive to have 13 Planetary realm powerhouses attacking at the same time.

However, what made Gu Teng angry was that in the previous 20 minutes, not only was there lightning flashing above the Ji Shui Temple, but energy was also actively gathering from all directions.

As a result, the concentration of energy here was far higher than the surroundings.

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the concentration of energy was very high. This convergence caused the speed at which the arrays inside and outside the Ji Shui Temple replenished energy to increase.

A total of 14 Planetary realm experts had been attacking the energy defense barrier of the Ji Shui Temple for more than 20 minutes. Most of the damage had actually been recovered. So he was very angry.

However, at this moment, Gu Teng suddenly realized that the lightning in the sky had dissipated.

At the same time, the energy speed that had gathered from all directions was also slowing down. With this decrease, the speed at which the energy screen of the Ji Shui Temple was weakened increased.

Although it still required a lot of time, at the very least, he saw hope. He did not know when Jin Tai would come. For the time being, they could only rely on themselves. Therefore, as he blasted, Gu Teng ordered his Planetary realm subordinates to pay attention to replenishing their energy.

They had to be prepared for battle at all times.

Gu Teng could still think of lightning, heavenly tribulation, and so on. He could roughly determine that it was very likely that Kaedo had broken through to the Planetary realm.

Although the matter of the Muvas going through heavenlv tribulation was verv strange. there was only one explanation.

So what if Kaedo’s previous performance was amazing and he had broken through to the One Satellite Planetary realm?

Not to mention that Gu Teng was Six Satellites, he also had 13 Planetary realm guards behind him. Behind him were 100 elites of the Heavenly Court guards. Three of them were deputy generals at the Seven Satellites.

Gu Teng was confident that he could kill a Seven or Eight Satellites Planetary realm expert in one round, let alone One Satellite.

He was so confident as he had an army.

In the Ji Shui Temple, Xu Tui fell to the ground. The evaporating water vapor in the sky mixed with the cold air from all directions, forming a frost world again. After the heavenly tribulation dissipated, Bao Zhang could no longer stand.

Previously, he did not dare to get close, but now, he wanted to take a look. Unexpectedly, when he moved, the four Heavenly Court guards that Xu Tui had thrown out previously moved at the same time. Their auras locked onto him.

Bao Zhang’s gaze flashed slightly, and a ferocious light appeared.

“No one is allowed to approach without Sir’s orders.” Kitawan’s shout rang out.

After some calculations, Bao Zhang did not have any impulses. It was still very difficult for him to deal with four guards of the Heavenly Court. He’ll wait a little longer!

A cry of pain finally came from the white frost world in front of him.

“F*ck, Ancestor, stop scamming me. If you have the ability, give me another ten levels of heavenly tribulation!” Xu Tui raised his middle finger with difficulty and pointed it at the sky as he scolded the person in charge of the Heavenly Court.

He wanted to turn over in pain, but he fell into the ice and snow again. His entire body was almost half-cooked and was still emitting a high temperature. Then, he had fallen into the ice and snow water. The feeling of the fire and ice was extremely refreshing!

Even though Xu Tui was a tough guy, he could not help but gasp and scream.

Thirty seconds later, when he had recovered a little of his strength, he immediately retreated from the frost world in front of him.

“I’m fine. Guard well.” Xu Tui instructed before sitting cross-legged on the ground. He had felt many changes in the short one to two minutes just now. The ninth heavenly tribulation severely injured his body. There was not a single piece of good flesh on his body.

There were only bones left in the shoulders, his calves, and other areas where the flesh was thinner. If it was any worse, he would not be able to use his body from his neck down. Under such heavy physical injuries, however, he could already sense that his shoulders and calves were brimming with vitality.

Xu Tui could already sense the growth of flesh and granulation.

He was certain that he had not applied any healing abilities. However, this was definitely the restoration effect that he had used on himself before he broke through and was baptized by the Heavenly Tribulation.

Of course, some of it might also have the effect of the Water-Wood Pill.

In any case, based on the current situation, even if Xu Tui did not treat himself, he would probably be able to recover from his terrifying injuries in half a day to a day as long as he replenished enough energy.

After the heavenly tribulation, the increase in life origin energy was very powerful.

Xu Tui could sense this. But what puzzled him was the various situations of his mind power force field. First, under the purification of the heavenly tribulation, it accelerated the complete formation of his mind power’s main force field. One main planet and two satellites had completely fused into the force field. The power of the two satellites was also strengthening the main planet force field.

He could sense that the range of his mental perception could easily extend to more than five kilometers. This increase was very powerful. However, the greatest change was the mental figure.

Previously, the mental figure was actually more illusory, even though his mind power was as high as six star halos. It was still more illusory. However, after breaking through to the Planetary realm, the mental figure became completely solid.

Xu Tui felt that he would be treated as a real person if he wore a set of clothes..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1