Chapter 1453 - 1453: Breaking Through To The Two Satellites Planetary Realm

Chapter 1453 - 1453: Breaking Through to the Two Satellites Planetary Realm

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had observed Bu Qingqiu transcending the heavenly tribulation previously. Now that he had dealt with six levels of the heavenly tribulation, he had a little understanding of the heavenly tribulation.

He suddenly stood up before the lightning in the lightning vortex was full. He was like a giant as he instantly expanded.

Earth Body!

The 30-foot-tall giant had a head the size of a football. It looked exceptionally comical. However, no one in the audience dared to laugh. This was especially so for Bao Zhang. He was so shocked that he could not close his mouth.

“Are our kind so powerful now? They even learned the divine power unique to the wielder? Was this an abnormality? Or a cosmic form?” Bao Zhang was very puzzled. However, the way he looked at Xu Tui became even more different. As expected, those who could come in to save them were all elites among elites. Such a genius was rare even in their era, right?

Xu Tui’s condensation of the Vajra Tide Force Field’s star had not been completed before he used the Earth Body. He had only cultivated the Vajra Tide Force Field to the fourth level.

The first level was the Vajra Shield, 21 Genetic Base Points, the second level was the Vajra Tide Return Shield, 18 Genetic Base Points, the third level was the Vajra Barrier, nine Genetic Base Points, and the fourth level was the Vajra Set, which was the multiple Vajra Barriers with three Genetic Base Points.

There were a total of 51 Genetic Base Points. It was very slow to condense a star. Before the seventh heavenly tribulation was about to descend, Xu Tui decisively revealed his earth body. Once the Earth Body was revealed, the possibility of being seen through by Bao Zhang was very high.

Even if he saw through it, Xu Tui was not worried with Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas controlling him.

Boom!

The seventh heavenly tribulation struck down. It was as thick as a water tank, but its color was pitch-black.

It was still the same fighting style as before. He pulled out the Mental Vibrating Whip first and shot out the Mountain Flying Sword at the same time. Then, he instantly condensed the Mountain Seal.

The last main defense was handed over to the current five layers of Vajra

Barrier. It was because he had used the Earth Bodv. The Dower of both the

Mountain Seal and the Mountain Flying Sword had at least doubled.

Of course, the power of the seventh heavenly tribulation had also doubled.

Just like before, the Mountain Flying Sword had blasted away a fifth of the heavenly tribulation, but the mental whip had done little to it. The power that the Mountain Seal blocked was a little more than before.

The remaining 50% of the heavenly tribulation landed on Xu Tui’s head again. The Vajra Shield shattered first. The five layers of Vajra Barrier shattered with a bang. Moreover, the speed at which it shattered was much faster than Xu Tui had expected. Xu Tui did not even have the time to use his Mind Power Domain before the five layers of Vajra Barrier were shattered.

The remaining lightning instantly landed on Xu Tui’s head. Green smoke billowed out. Xu Tui could even smell his hair being roasted and his flesh being charred. A high temperature spread out from Xu Tui’s head.

The golden helmet that Xu Tui was wearing had already been charred by the lightning.

Xu Tui used his mind power to throw the golden helmet away as he screamed. If he did not throw it out, Xu Tui’s reputation would be completely ruined today.

That pain…

Invisible and tangible lightning bolts ran amok in Xu Tui’s body. It made him lie on the ground. He did not even have the ability to move his fingers. At that moment, Xu Tui only had one thought in his mind. Any enemy would be able to kill him with a finger.

Fortunately, this was a safe house. Even if there was a problem with Bao Zhang, there would be people watching.

As the invisible lightning in his body ran amok, Xu Tui suddenly felt that the chains and Genetic Base Points in his body that had yet to condense seemed to have become harder and more rhythmic.

The brilliance of the entire genetic chain seemed to have lit up. It was not just the genetic chain. Even the light of the main planet of mind power and the Mountain Nova had lit up. Under the baptism of the heavenly tribulation, the first layer of the star halo of the Mountain Nova quickly stabilized.

The main planet of mind power seemed to have changed a little. However, Xu Tui could not sense it. The tempering power of the heavenly tribulation seemed to be a little stronger than Xu Tui had imagined. The lightning that had blasted into his body, especially where the surface of his body touched, had been charred black. It was almost carbonized.

This was a fatal injury to ordinary people, but it was nothing to Xu Tui. Five seconds later, when the lightning in his body that made him unable to move dissipated, Xu Tui stood up and patted his wound. Large pieces of black carbon fell.

Xu Tui gritted his teeth. He used his mind power to remove the charcoal. Blood instantly gushed out. However, in just a second, the blood stopped gushing. The surface of the wound began to scab and feel numb. He was recovering himself.

Xu Tui knew very well that he was not being treated. This was the body’s self-restoration. He felt that his self-recovery ability was at least twice as powerful as before.

Xu Tui swallowed a Water-Wood Pill of the Spiritual Race and allowed the medicinal effects and his body’s self-power to recover. He endured the pain and tilted his head to look at the lightning vortex in the sky.

It should be over, right?

Xu Tui gritted his teeth when he saw it. Damn it, there was more! It was still accumulating lightning. The eighth level of the heavenly tribulation was about to arrive.

“Lord of the Heavenly Court, although you might be my ancestor, I really want to greet you…”

Xu Tui had already used his full strength for the seventh level of the heavenly tribulation. He had already been blasted into such a state. If the power of the eighth level doubled, Xu Tui would probably be blasted into pieces if he did not have any tricks up his sleeve.

It was not a joke that he might be killed by the heavenly tribulation.

Xu Tui was fully focused. He guided his energy with all his might and continuously condensed the new supernatural star of the Vajra Tide Force Field. He felt that his previous decision was really wise and smart.

It would be too late to say anything if he only started to condense the new supernatural star of the Vajra Tide Force Field now. The prototype of the supernatural star of the Vajra Tide Force Field had already appeared.

Xu Tui’s expression became even more solemn when he saw the speed at which the heavenly tribulation was condensing.

“I have to accelerate!” Xu Tui activated the red fire slip on the main mind power planet that the mental figure was sitting cross-legged on. The flames were injected into the main mind power planet.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s main planet mind power shone brightly.

There was a seventh star halo.

Under the enhancement of the red fire slip, seven star halos temporarily appeared on the main planet of mind power. This was the level of mind power that only a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could have.

Of course, Xu Tui’s current mind power might be a little weaker than a true Seven Satellites Supernatural Being at the Planetary realm, but it was definitely stronger than a Six Satellites Supernatural Being at the Planetary realm.

Xu Tui’s purpose of increasing his mind power was to increase the speed of his condensation.

Visibly, the compression speed of the supernatural new star of the Vajra Tide Force Field had clearly increased. Xu Tui’s powerful mind power poured a large amount of Origin Energy into the main star of the Vajra Tide Force Field in an extremely barbaric manner.

A minute later, layers of light suddenly appeared on the supernatural star of the Vajra Tide Force Field. This was its star halo. However, because it had not been sent into the main planet force field, it was extremely unstable.

Xu Tui activated his mind power and sent the supernatural new star into the main planet force field.

There was already a main planet and a satellite in the main Astral Field. The force field was powerful and stable. The moment the supernatural star from the Vajra Tide Force Field entered, it was absorbed into the force field and began to slowly circulate along the force field of the main mind power planet.

The aura of the supernatural new star began to quickly fuse into Xu Tui’s mind power main planet force field. His aura began to increase rapidly.

The star halo on the supernatural new star of the Vajra Tide Force Field quickly stabilized.

In an instant, the first star halo appeared. Then, the second star halo appeared. With a large amount of Origin Energy replenished, the second star halo instantly reached a perfect state and completely stabilized. The third star halo appeared.

After the third star halo quickly increased by more than ten breaths, its speed began to slow down. Then, as a large amount of Origin Energy was injected, the star halo slowly increased.

Three star halos? Xu Tui was a little disappointed. Back then, when the main planet of mind power appeared, it was a five-layered star halo. The number of star halos a supernatural star had at the start was related to the genetic base points of the genetic ability chain and their cultivation state.

The main planet of mind power was 72 Genetic Base Points, while the Vajra Tide Force Field was 51 Genetic Base Points. Moreover, Xu Tui had focused more on his mind power over the years.

Three star halos were considered normal.

Actually, Xu Tui did not know. There were only two to three supernatural beings who had three star halos among the Four and Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

After condensing a supernatural star, his cultivation speed would be even slower. He had three star halos from the start. Just the ability of the Vajra Tide Force Field was already very powerful.

A large amount of Origin Energy was still pouring into Xu Tui’s body crazily

because of the gathering of the heavenly tribulation. His force field was like a bottomless pit at this moment because of the two supernatural stars.

A large amount of Origin Energy surged in and was instantly digested by Xu Tui’s powerful mind power.

At the side, Bao Zhang was already stunned!

Two Satellites! The aura that Kaedo emitted was already at the Two Satellites Planetary realm. In less than 15 minutes, Kaedo’s cultivation aura had broken through from the quasi-planetary realm to the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

To be honest, Bao Zhang had never seen such speed. At the same time, Kaedo’s aura jumped again. He had become stronger again! Although Kaedo’s cultivation had not broken through, Bao Zhang felt that his cultivation had improved again.

Under the injection of a large amount of Origin Energy into Xu Tui’s planetary force field, the first and second star halos of the Mountain Nova were completely completed.

The power of the Mountain Nova had broken through again!

The eighth heavenly tribulation had already gathered to its peak. The purple lightning had already accumulated to the extreme in the lightning vortex.

The lightning darted around and was about to strike..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1