Chapter 1452 - 1452: Seventh Level Heavenly Tribulation?

Chapter 1452 - 1452: Seventh Level Heavenly Tribulation?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the fifth heavenly tribulation struck, a small mountain suddenly appeared above Xu Tui’s head. It was the Mountain Seal that had just successfully condensed a star. After condensing the star, there was an obvious difference in the Mountain Formula condensed by the genetic ability chain.

The Mountain Seal from before was almost illusory without compression. After being compressed to the size of a seal, it was a faint yellow. However, after condensing the star, the Mountain Seal that had just been instantiated was already a faint earthen yellow. Without a doubt, its power had greatly increased.

When Xu Tui quickly compressed his mind power, it had already emitted a golden light. A faint layer of light emitted.

Xu Tui knew that this was a star halo. In his mind, the newly formed supernatural star had already developed a faint star halo. The energy that was gushing into Xu Tui’s body was slowly strengthening.

This scene made his heart skip a beat. The interior of the Heavenly Court was really a good place to quickly increase his cultivation after breaking through. The energy was too dense. Especially with the help of the large amount of Origin Energy gathered when he broke through, his cultivation should have improved greatly.

Boom!

Lightning as thick as a water tank poured onto Xu Tui’s head. Even after the

Mountain Seal was greatly strengthened, it still collapsed on the spot under the bombardment of the lightning.

The remaining power still blasted onto Xu Tui’s five layers of Vajra Barrier. The first three layers of the Vajra Barrier were torn apart like tofu. The fourth layer did not shatter after the continuous trembling, but it was not far from shattering.

Countless bolts of lightning surged into Xu Tui’s body again and began to strengthen and modify his body. This time, not only did the quantum frequency of the original life in his mental perception increase, but he even heard the sound of bones cracking.

Was this the tempering of the heavenly tribulation?

Xu Tui felt that his gaze had suddenly become distant. The sounds in his ears also became more subtle. After his body was tempered by the heavenly tribulation, his vision, hearing, or rather, his six senses had been strengthened to a certain extent.

Was this one of the reasons why ancient cultivators were so powerful? When breaking through to the Planetary realm, could the heavenly tribulation strengthen and temper the body?

As the fifth level of the heavenly tribulation ended, an even larger amount of energy gathered by the heavenly tribulation surged into Xu Tui’s body.

In just ten seconds, Xu Tui’s first star halo of the Mountain Nova was completed. Due to the fact that Xu Tui’s mind power far exceeded the upper limit, a large amount of Origin Energy was still surging into his body, strengthening his Mountain Nova.

“It seems that I still have the strength to condense another supernatural star?”

Xu Tui felt that his mind power was very relaxed. There were usually two points that affected the increase in a supernatural being’s mind power when they broke through to the Planetary realm. The first was the upper limit of their mind power.

If one’s mind power main planet only had one star halo, then they would at most be able to break through to the One Satellite. For the second star halo, in theory, as long as they had enough mind power, they could condense two supernatural stars and directly break through to the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

The consumption of mind power during a breakthrough was huge.

Atter condensing a supernatural star, ms mina power would not De enougn. Either that, or the upper limit of his mind power would be reached, and the force field would not be enough to break through.

He could only slowly accumulate opportunities to seek another breakthrough.

However, Xu Tui did not have any of these restrictions.

Xu Tui’s mind power could be said to be immense at this moment. He also consumed a Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill that he had obtained from the Spiritual Race. The Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill was mainly used to treat injuries to the mental body. It could also recover a small amount of mind power.

What Xu Tui valued was this small amount of restoration. After eating it, it would recover on its own. He did not have to absorb it himself. That was good.

As for the upper limit of Xu Tui’s mind power main planet, it was as high as six star halos. Usually, only Six Satellites Supernatural beings could have this level of mind power. Therefore, the upper limit did not exist for Xu Tui.

All the restrictions could not stop Xu Tui. Xu Tui naturally wanted to condense another supernatural star.

However, which one should he condense? Mental whip? This was a very good choice. After it was condensed, the power of the mental hammer and the Mental Vibrating Whip would greatly increase. They would be able to unleash the power of an ordinary Small God Slaying Sword. It was very useful. Or the Blizzard genetic ability chain? This was also a main battle genetic ability chain!

Xu Tui did not consider the genetic ability chain of the School of Radiation Influence for the time being. The abilities of the School of Radiation Influence were very useful. However, what he needed to increase now was his true combat strength.

Just as Xu Tui was hesitating, an inexplicable palpitation came from above his head again. The heavenly tribulation had not dissipated! It was still condensing!

Was he going to be struck by six heavenly tribulations?

Not far away, Bao Zhang sensed the aura of the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation and could not help but take a few steps back in fear. That aura was really terrifying. He was a little worried. Would the quasi-planetary clansman in front of him be able to survive? What would he do if he could not withstand it and turned to ashes? Bao Zhang was a little worried.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and looked at the six layers of heavenly tribulation that were quickly condensing. He sized them up carefully. There was a time interval between each heavenly tribulation.

The further he went, the greater the interval.

According to Bu Qingqiu’s experience when she broke through, there was about a minute between the fifth and sixth levels of the heavenly tribulation. However, the power of his heavenly tribulation was clearly stronger than Bu Qingqiu’s. And it was much stronger.

Was it because he was inside the Heavenly Court?

The power of the fifth level of the heavenly tribulation had already shattered Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal. Four levels of the Vajra Barrier had shattered. Would Xu Tui be able to withstand the power of the sixth level if it doubled again?

Xu Tui calculated. It should be possible. His energy field was extremely powerful. He could also use a Vajra Shield to add to his defense. At the same time, he could take the initiative to attack the heavenly tribulation. He could even withstand the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation without using the abnormality.

However, would the heavenly tribulation be over after the sixth level?

Xu Tui suddenly broke out in a cold sweat when he thought of this. Bu Qingqiu had experienced six heavenly tribulations back then. But this might not be the case for Xu Tui. What if there was a seventh-level heavenly tribulation?

According to Little Six, the highest level of the heavenly tribulation was nine.

The strength of the heavenly tribulation usually appeared according to the situation of the person transcending the tribulation. Its power was also slightly related to the concentration of energy in the world.

Xu Tui’s heavenly tribulation was stronger than Bu Qingqiu’s. In that case, Xu Tui’s heavenly tribulation might not be six times.

It might be seven levels of heavenly tribulation!

Xu Tui could barely block the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation with all his might. What about the seventh level of the heavenly tribulation? What could he use to block it? A full display of abnormality?

Xu Tui felt that there was a possibility of blocking it, or he might not be able to. What if it was an eighth-level heavenly tribulation?

Xu Tui’s heart suddenly constricted. If there was really an eighth-level heavenly tribulation, he would definitely be ashes! At that time, Xu Tui had just reached an unprecedented peak of his cultivation. Then, he would forever maintain this record as he was reduced to ashes.

Was it possible for there to be an eighth-level heavenly tribulation? It was possible! No one could guarantee that there was none.

Xu Tui instantly felt a little weak. His enemies would probably laugh their heads off if they heard that he had just broken through and was reduced to ashes by the heavenly tribulation. Suddenly, Xu Tui understood which genetic ability chain he wanted to choose to condense a new star.

Vajra Barrier!

It had to be the Vajra Barrier!

If the Vajra Barrier was condensed into a supernatural star, not only would the defense of the Vajra Barrier increase greatly, but Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier would also be stacked to six layers. Li Qingping, who was at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, only had seven layers of Vajra Barrier. However, he could already take on Six Satellites Planetary realm experts head-on.

Vajra Barrier it is!

Xu Tui instantly made a decision. He activated his mind power. Under his guidance, a large amount of Origin Energy surged into his body and was instantly drawn out of the Vajra Tide Force Field genetic ability chain.

The genetic ability chain of the Vajra Tide Force Field was the third-largest genetic ability chain in Xu Tui’s body. A large amount of Origin Energy surged into it, but the progress of condensing the star was not too fast.

A minute and a half later, the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation had already been completed. It was faintly discernible in the lightning vortex and could strike down at any time.

Xu Tui’s methods were already prepared. A shiny Mountain Seal Flying Sword circled around him and accelerated. The Mental Vibrating Whip was ready.

Xu Tui no longer cared about the strange gazes in Bao Zhang’s eyes.

Flying sword? Did the Muyas also start cultivating flying swords now? Bao Zhang could not understand. Kaedo’s methods seemed to be more inclined to the person in charge of the Heavenly Court back then.

However, this was normal. Didn’t they learn from the person in charge? Bao Zhang explained this.

In the next moment, the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation suddenly blasted down. The sixth level of the heavenly tribulation was still as thick as a water tank, but its color had already turned black. The moment it landed, the Mental Vibrating Whip lashed out at lightning speed.

However, it was not as powerful as Xu Tui thought. It only weakened the power of the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation by about half.

The Mountain Flying Sword whistled as it blasted into the heavenly tribulation. It only shattered less than a fifth of the heavenly tribulation before the flying sword was destroyed on the spot. Xu Tui’s mental body suddenly shook, and he spat out a mouthful of blood. The flying sword that had a large amount of his mind power was destroyed and suffered a backlash.

However, this did not stop Xu Tui from moving.

The moment the Mountain Flying Sword shattered, another Mountain Seal condensed above Xu Tui’s head. A Vajra Barrier also appeared. The Golden Mountain Seal and the Vajra Shield shattered at the same time. The five layers of Vajra Barrier were also torn apart like paper.

Countless cracks appeared on the fifth level of the Vajra Barrier, but in the end, it withstood it. A massive amount of energy field surged out. The fifth level of

the Vajra Barrier did not shatter.

He survived the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation.

A large amount of lightning power that was difficult to see with the naked eye surged into Xu Tui’s body and began to strengthen his body from the inside out. That feeling made Xu Tui so comfortable that he almost cried out. However, in the next moment, he looked up at Xu Tui and spat.

Damn it!

As expected, the sixth level of the heavenly tribulation was not over. In the lightning vortex above his head, the seventh heavenly tribulation continued to condense.

Xu Tui spat out a mouthful of blood and began to focus on guiding a large amount of Origin Energy into his body. He continued to condense the new supernatural star of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

His aura was rapidly increasing..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1