Chapter 1459 - 1459: The Mystery Of The Double Main Planet Force Field?

Chapter 1459 - 1459: The Mystery of the Double Main Planet Force Field?

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

In the mind power main force field, the Vajra Nova began to spin on its own. It gave Xu Tui a tearing feeling.

Xu Tui felt that if the Vajra Nova continued to spin like this, it would leave the force field of the main mind power planet.

It was out of control. He had to suppress it! With a thought, the six star halos on the main planet of mind power, including the illusory seventh star halo, shone brightly and instantly accelerated to strengthen the force field.

The mind power main planet that had reached the seventh star halo under the enhancement of the other satellites was extremely powerful. With this full-powered suppression, the Vajra Nova instantly quietened down. It stopped spinning and began to revolve along the main planet force field of mind power.

It became obedient.

However, Xu Tui was confused.

Why was this happening? Wouldn’t it be fatal if the Vajra Nova betrayed him in future battles?

Today, it was only because the main planet of mind power had maintained its absolute dominance that he might be able to suppress it.

A thought suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. What would have happened if he could not suppress it just now? This thought made Xu Tui suddenly remember Cai Shaochu’s instructions—dual cultivation!

A supernatural being and an extreme dual cultivator.

This was a clear problem from the moment he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Could supernatural beings and the Extreme Branch dual cultivate? Of course, he could. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have cultivated the energy field. One of Yan Lie’s powerful escape abilities was the result of his mind power cultivation.

However, the restrictions were clear.

No matter how this dual cultivation was done, he could only focus on one thing before he broke through to the Planetary realm in the future.

If a supernatural being’s ability broke through to the Planetary realm, the cultivation of the Extreme Branch would definitely stop at the Planetary realm. If the Extreme Branch’s abilities broke through to the Planetary realm, the Supernatural Branch’s abilities would definitely stop at the Planetary realm.

That was Xu Tui’s current situation.

Originally, under normal circumstances, even if the Vajra Nova of the Extreme Branch was successfully condensed, it would not be able to be ruled by the main planet force field of mind power.

The difference in natural power attributes made it impossible for the mind power’s main planet force field to control the Vajra Nova.

However, Xu Tui’s main mind power planet was a little abnormal. He had just broken through to the Planetary realm, but his mind power had already reached the seventh star halo under the enhancement of the satellite.

This brought about extremely powerful dominance to the main planet force field of mind power. It forcefully controlled the Vajra Nova.

Unconvinced?

The main planet of mind power was the size of a fist.

It was just like how Xu Tui had relaxed his mind power just now. The Vajra Nova had found an opportunity and started to defect. It wanted to be independent.

However, it was undoubtedly childish. It was once again suppressed by the iron fist of the main planet of mind power.

It became obedient.

The problem had been resolved, but Xu Tui had more questions in his mind. What would have happened if the Vajra Nova had successfully become independent just now?

“Principal, in the history of our Blue Star’s cultivation, is there any existence of a dual main planet force field?” Xu Tui asked Cai Shaochu directly.

“Yes!”

“Tell me, who?”

“The founder of genetic ancient martial arts, Mr. Cheng Fengxi, has a dual main planet force field. However, he did not reveal the secret. It was said that if it was made public, it would cause many people to go astray. Later on, he disappeared during the pursuit of the asteroid belt. And this became a secret. Why are you asking this?

“Could it be that you have two main planets? No way?” Cai Shaochu reacted extremely quickly. He immediately thought of something and was very surprised.

“Not yet. I just thought of this because something happened during my cultivation. By the way, Principal, what’s your current situation?” Xu Tui asked.

“We can’t enter. If we charge forward, the losses will probably be unimaginable.” Although it was only a message translated in the Morse password, Cai Shaochu’s words were filled with anxiety and helplessness.

“Principal, wait a little longer. I’ll contact you when the time is right,” Xu Tui said.

It was not convenient to communicate with the colony of Tri Ling Ding. After a short exchange, Xu Tui ended the communication and returned his attention to himself. He obtained an affirmative answer from Cai Shaochu. There could be two main planets.

In that case, if the Vajra Nova escaped the control of the main mind power planet, would it produce a double main planet?

Xu Tui decided to give it a try. This was a hidden danger. He had to think of a way to deal with it. What the satellite in his body rebelled before the enemy was dealt with, and he died? In the next moment, Xu Tui once again emptied his mind. He completely released the suppression of his mind power on the Vajra Nova.

As expected, as soon as he relaxed, the Vajra Nova began to rebel and spin on its own.

A natural traitor?

This time, Xu Tui did not suppress the autonomous spinning of the Vajra Nova. Instead, he let it be. Not only did he let it be, but he also subconsciously contracted the force field of the main planet of mind power.

In an instant, the Vajra Nova seemed to have been released and began to spin rapidly. At the same time, Xu Tui had a thought. Did he also need a force field once he had another main planet?

It was actually very simple to understand the force field. His mind power surged into the Vajra Nova, causing the power inside the Vajra Nova to spin in a vortex. It was the simplest force field.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s heart throbbed. The Vajra Nova directly left the main mind power planet’s force field. A small force field vortex that was emitting a faint light appeared around the Vajra Nova.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s aura, which had just jumped to the Three Satellites Planetary realm, instantly dropped to Two Satellites.

In the distance, Bao Zhang was stunned!

This did not make sense. Why did his cultivation drop out of the blue? Was it because he broke through too quickly and his realm was unstable? Bao Zhang was a little anxious.

Xu Tui was overjoyed. Dual main planets. It was really a dual main planet. However, trouble also followed. Under the circulation of the two main planets, the two force fields seemed to be constantly interfering with each other and pulling each other.

Not only did it not increase, but it was also restraining each other. How could it be so f*cking competitive? If that was the case, he might as well ask the main planet force field of his mind power to completely suppress the Vajra Nova and pay attention to it at all times.

He would try suppressing it again. Then, under Xu Tui’s deliberate control, he activated one and suppressed the other. The main planet force field of his mind power pounced toward the Vajra Nova’s force field like a tide.

It was a little like a big fish eating shrimp. It swallowed it in one bite. Of course, it was mainly because the main planet force field of mind power was too powerful. Under the enhancement, he had seven star halos. As for the Vajra Nova, it only had three star halos.

However, Xu Tui could not remain calm after he swallowed it. It was different from what he had expected.

Xu Tui had thought that this suppression would be the same as before. The main mind power planet’s force field would directly absorb the Vajra Nova Force Field into its force field. However, in reality, it was the main mind power planet’s force field that swallowed the Vajra Nova Force Field.

From the introspection, it looked like a galaxy diagram. It was a little like the relationship between the Milky Way and the solar system. The main planet force field of mind power was like the Milky Way, wrapping around the solar system.

The solar system was also included in the Milky Way’S system and revolved along the main planet force field of mind power. However, this time, the Vajra Nova joined in the form of the main planet force field.

Moreover, after joining, it did not increase the power of the main planet force field of mind power or any satellite.

It seemed… useless?

However, Xu Tui felt that this was in line with the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth. His mind power slowly swept past the main and minor force fields. When it swept past the minor force field of the Vajra Nova, he suddenly had a strange feeling.

The minor force field of the Vajra Nova seemed to be able to increase to a certain power star at any time. With a slight adjustment, the light condensed by the vortex force field of the Vajra Nova charged towards the Mountain Nova.

The Mountain Nova was originally only at the early-stage of the second-stage star halo. With the enhancement of the Vajra Nova Force Field, it immediately became the high -stage of the second-stage star halo.

It changed to the new star of the Blizzard Domain. The mid -grade, second-level star halo of the Blizzard Domain immediately flashes with light. It had been enhanced to the perfected second-level star halo.

Charging towards the main planet of mind power only caused the main planet of mind power to change from the initial -stage of the seventh-stage star halo to the mid-stage.

Was this a directional enhancement? Xu Tui understood a little. It was just that the enhancement was a little weak. It would be even more powerful if it was stronger. Moreover, during this process, Xu Tui’s cultivation aura would only erupt with the Three Satellites Planetary realm when it was targeted at the main mind power planet.

When he added it to the other satellites, his cultivation aura would always be at the Two Satellites Planetary realm. Currently, there was not much of a difference between the two. In the future, he might be able to use it to scam people.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. With two main planet force fields, one big and one small, could the other supernovas change their main planet force fields?

Xu Tui immediately began to try. The advantage of controlling the main planet of mind power was displayed again at this moment. Even though the Mountain Nova was extremely unwilling, Xu Tui still forcefully sent it into the Vajra Nova Force Field.

Xu Tui’S cultivation aura instantly dropped to the One Satellite Planetary realm. Then, the Blizzard Domain’s Supernova was also sent into the Vajra Nova Force Field. Xu Tui’s cultivation returned to the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui was already familiar with it.

Under the powerful control of the main mind power planet force field, the two satellites could constantly switch between the two force fields.

At the same time, he also made a new discovery.

When the Vajra Nova Force Field had a satellite, it could directly increase the power of a star halo when it was added to another satellite.

For example, when the Vajra Nova Force Field absorbed the Blizzard Domain’s Supernova, the Mountain Nova would be enhanced from the early-stage of the second to the early-stage of the third star halo.

However, the enhancement to the main planet of mind power was still halved. This enhancement effect was quite gratifying.

What Xu Tui looked forward to even more was that when his cultivation became stronger in the future, he would get two to three more satellites. At that time, wouldn’t the enhancement of the two force fields be even greater?

Could this be the reason why Cheng Fengxi of the genetic ancient martial arts had unparalleled combat strength back then? Or was it one of them? Was this the mystery of the Dual Main Planet Force Fields?

Suddenly, Xu Tui realized that there were many more ways to play with the main planet force field.

At the side, Bao Zhang was already stunned. Why was Kaedo’s cultivation increasing and decreasing? What was he doing? Could cultivation be played like this? In the next moment, when Bao Zhang saw Xu Tui walking toward the main hall of the Ji Shui Temple, he quickly followed him..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1