Chapter 1458 - 1458: Another Breakthrough And Force Field Mutation (2)

Chapter 1458 - 1458: Another Breakthrough and Force Field Mutation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

The faint mind power force field even formed a halo-like object under the little person’s feet. It was also this circle of light that made Xu Tui a little puzzled. This appeared after the Ninth Heavenly Tribulation entered his body.

This halo-like thing was closely related to Xu Tui’s main planet force field. He felt that when his attention landed on the mind power halo, his perception of the main planet force field of mind power became clearer. His control also became clearer.

However, he still did not understand what the halo was for. It must have its uses, but he had yet to understand it! Other than that, there was another doubt. It came from the satellite, the Vajra Tide Force Field.

This satellite was currently restrained by the force field of the main planet of mind power. It circulated in the force field, but it always gave Xu Tui an unstable feeling. It was as if this Vajra Supernova could leave the main planet’s force field of mind power at any time.

Xu Tui had to deliberately increase the restriction of his mind power to allow it to circulate normally.

Previously, he had been extremely nervous and had injected his mind power into the two supernovas. He did not notice this. Now that he had relaxed, Xu Tui had such a feeling.

It was very strange.

However, he could not think of a reason.

Xu Tui had wanted to ask Cai Shaochu for guidance, but he temporarily gave up on that thought when he sensed the energy around him slowly depleting.

The heavenly tribulation gathered countless energy, causing the energy inside and outside the Ji Shui Temple to be several times denser than the energy in the other parts of the small universe of the

Heavenly Court.

It might be seven to eight times or even ten times. This was a good time to cultivate.

Xu Tui could not move his body when he was blasted to the ground by the heavenly tribulation, but his thoughts were fine. He thought about many things during that minute. How should he cultivate and improve his next step?

Xu Tui’s initial thought was to condense the mental whip genetic ability chain into the third supernova. In that case, he would be able to break through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm.

Would Xu Tui be able to break through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm?

In theory, yes.

Most Planetary realm powerhouses usually had the highest cultivation on the main planet.

For example, the main planet of the Five Satellites Planetary realm was actually the main planet with five star halos. The other satellites were not all five star halos. There were two star halos, three star halos, and four star halos.

The main planet force field and the satellite complemented each other. The effect was not one plus one. It was a little similar to an enhancement.

For example, the addition of a supernova satellite could increase the power of Xu Tui’s mind power main planet force field by 5%. Similarly, the mind power main planet, including the force field, could also increase the power of other supernova satellites by about 10%.

They enhanced each other. Therefore, breaking through to the Planetary realm was very important. As long as he broke through and had an additional satellite, it would increase his overall ability.

Of course, most Planetary realm powerhouses needed a long time to accumulate experience to break through. This long period of accumulation was the moment to increase the cultivation level of the other satellites.

However, Xu Tui did not need that now. He wanted to try and see if he could break through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm.

So which genetic ability chain should he condense now? After careful consideration, Xu Tui once again postponed the condensation of the genetic ability chain of the mental whip.

Xu Tui chose the genetic ability chain of the Blizzard Domain.

The reason was very simple. Other than the Blizzard Domain’s genetic ability chain, its own function, and the fact that he could spend money if he had enough, what Xu Tui thought about was his undercover life.

He had broken through. He could not hide it from the Muyas. Of course, only by breaking through to the Planetary realm could he obtain an important position from the Muyas.

In that case, should Xu Tui continue his undercover career? It was unknown. Xu Tui’s decision was to improvise. He’d continue if he needed to. If there was no need, he would start killing!

However, if it was necessary, then the condensation of the genetic ability chain of the Blizzard Domain to a star is quite important.

At least in front of the Muyas, the Mountain Nova could not be exposed. Therefore, Xu Tui chose to condense a new supernova from the Blizzard Domain. With his previous two experiences, he was already familiar with condensing stars this time.

The star halo of the main planet of mind power far exceeded his current level. There was no resistance at all.

The Blizzard genetic ability chain had 23 genetic base points. The difficulty of condensing a star was much lower than the Vajra Nova. At that time, Xu Tui had used a total of nine minutes to condense the Vajra Nova.

However, 15 minutes had passed, and Xu Tui’s Blizzard Star was only half formed. The main reason was that the concentration of energy here was rapidly dissipating and weakening. In these 15 minutes, the concentration of energy in the Ji Shui Hall had decreased to the normal situation in the

Heavenly Court.

At this rate, Xu Tui would probably need more than an hour or two to condense his star.

Outside the hall, Gu Teng was constantly blasting at the energy screen of the Ji Shui Hall.

Xu Tui made a decision after he thought about it. He should continue to spend money! Who asked him to be rich? He had spent 50,000 of the 200,000 grams of Origin Crystals in one go. He still had 150,000 left. He activated his mind power and took out 10,000 grams of Origin Crystal.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly noticed something unusual.

This surprised Xu Tui. The force field of the main planet of mind power seemed to extend outside his body. If that was the case, it would be a little powerful! However, this breakthrough was important. After the breakthrough, he would slowly investigate the abnormality of the mind power main planet force field.

Twenty minutes later, after Xu Tui invested 23,000 grams of Origin Crystals, the new supernova of the Blizzard Domain was finally successfully condensed.

The moment it was successfully condensed, Xu Tui activated his mind power and pushed the new supernova of the Blizzard Domain into the main planet force field of his mind power.

His aura began to soar again.

Three Satellites!

Three Satellites Planetary realm.

The moment the Blizzard Supernova fused into the mind power main planet force field, be it the mind power main planet, the Mountain Nova, or the Vajra Nova, they all increased to a certain extent.

The star halo on the Blizzard Supernova had just reached the second level. It was still a little illusory.

Xu Tui threw out a large number of Origin Crystals again. He took advantage of this juncture to strengthen and cultivate the Blizzard Supernova, stabilizing his star halo at the second level. At this moment, he realized that the force field halo below the mental figure had suddenly extended.

It seemed to have changed. This was a good time to explore and observe. Xu Tui immediately explored the area with his mind power and attention. As soon as he passed, the Vajra Nova, which he had been paying to to, lost control.

It suddenly lost control!

The Vajra Nova began to spin rapidly and accelerate. In an instant, Xu Tui felt as if his mind power’s main planet force field was being torn apart.

Xu Tui was shocked..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1