Chapter 1466 - 1466: You Were Tricked? (2)

Chapter 1466 - 1466: You Were Tricked? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In that case, it would really be awesome!

Xu Tui focused his gaze slightly. He collected his scattered thoughts and focused his attention on the dark-colored God Slaying Sword above his head. In the next moment, his extremely powerful mind power seeped out of the Ji Shui Temple. At the same time, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword disappeared.

Energy teleportation!

Gu Teng, who was bombarding the energy defense screen of Ji Shui Temple, suddenly felt his heart skip a beat. An inexplicable palpitation suddenly spread out in his mental body.

Almost at the same time, a dark-colored small sword suddenly appeared above Gu Teng’s head. The moment it appeared, it instantly slashed into Gu Teng’s head. This slash was almost a sneak attack. Even though Gu Teng was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, he was caught off guard.

“Enemy attack…” Gu Teng, who had been hit by the God Slaying Sword, suddenly understood a lot. Someone was ambushing him. His sneak attack method was extremely brilliant and sharp.

However, as the God Slaying Sword slashed into Gu Teng’s mental body, a pair of small pale golden energy wings in his mental body suddenly trembled. The wings closed and protected his mental body.

These were the life-saving energy wings that his uncle, Gu Ji, had given him.

This kind of energy wings was one of the signs that a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan had cultivated to the high-level Planetary realm. At the same time, it was also a sign that he could become an executive.

In the Great Xi Clan, anyone who cultivated such energy wings could be given the military position of an executive.

However, there were also distinctions between executives. Other than the chief executive, the deputy executive, and the constituent executive, the other executives were usually distinguished by the number of energy wings.

These energy wings were also called angel wings.

It was extremely gorgeous and beautiful when it unfolded. It was also extremely practical. Not only could it store energy, but its defense was also extremely strong. Moreover, it could defend against energy attacks, and it could also defend against mental attacks. It could be said to be a defensive divine artifact.

These angel energy wings had a minimum of one pair and a maximum of 16 pairs. His uncle, Gu Ji, had two pairs. He was considered one of the lowest-ranking executives, but he was also a powerful executive.

When he came, his uncle, Gu Ji, had given him a pair of weakened angel energy wings. They were separated from him. It was for him to save his life.

Although it could not defend against the full-powered attacks of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, it was enough to defend against the attacks of Seven and Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

It was good at defending against mental attacks and mental interference. When the dark-colored sword light slashed in, the angel energy wings in Gu Teng’s mental body automatically protected him.

In an instant, the God Slaying Sword dissipated. However, more than 80% of the angel energy wings that protected his mental body also dissipated.

Gu Teng was fine. He was shocked and furious. However, he did not discover where the enemy came from. To be entrusted with such a heavy responsibility by his uncle, Gu Ji, Gu Teng’s intelligence, or rather, ability, was definitely beyond the limit. He instantly determined that the enemy might be from the Ji Shui Temple.

In that case, he would not be able to hurt the enemy if he exploded now. But what if the enemy came out? He would be able to capture them in one fell swoop!

In a flash, Gu Teng came up with a tactical plan. He would beat them at their own game!

Gu Teng let out an earth -shattering scream and struggled to the ground. This scream immediately stunned the other 13 Planetary realm powerhouses.

Some of the smart ones immediately activated their independent defense. Some of the nervous ones or those with slower reactions surrounded Gu Teng, wanting to see how the commander was doing.

In the Ji Shui Temple, Xu Tui was overjoyed.

The God Slaying Sword’s sneak attack was successful!

However, his perception of Gu Teng’s aura was not too clear. It was too chaotic outside the energy screen of the Ji Shui Temple.

Xu Tui had wanted to take advantage of the situation and charge out. However, he was amused when he saw the chaos among the Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan because of Gu Teng.

He could be even more shameless!

In an instant, Xu Tui’s body swayed slightly. His body expanded to 30 feet tall.

Earth Body!

The Mountain Seal materialized and teleported. The Mountain Seal instantly appeared above the heads of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan. It suddenly became larger and smashed down.

Gu Teng, who was lying on the ground pretending to be seriously injured, was stunned. Damn it, it could still come! He wanted to warn them, but it was too late. This attack was as sudden as before. Even a Six Satellites Planetary realm like him could not dodge it, let alone the Planetary realms below.

They would definitely not be able to avoid it.

The Mountain Seal descended at lightning speed and enveloped a Two

Satellites Planetary realm expert and a Three Satellites Planetary realm expert.

Xu Tui had a motive for choosing his target. He knew where the power of the Mountain Seal was.

These two Two and Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses from the Great Xi Clan were caught off guard and were hit on the spot. The head of the

r

Two  Satellites Planetary realm cultivator and his energy core instantly exploded.

Instant kill.

The Three Satellites Planetary realm expert roared. Energy exploded as he struggled for the last time.

His arms were directly shattered. Taking advantage of this moment, his body strangely changed its structure. He twisted his lower body upward and supported himself against the Mountain Seal again.

The lower body was shattered, and the remaining power of the Mountain Seal gradually dissipated.

Gu Teng, who was pretending to be seriously injured, was still lying on the ground. However, he struggled and roared, “Quick… Quick… Get me out of here.”

The other Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan did not understand. They carried Gu Teng and ran.

Xu Tui was anxious when he saw this. He had to chase after them. He could not let them escape with Gu Teng. If they ran away with Gu Teng, their previous actions would be meaningless.

In an instant, when his body returned to normal, the vortex in his left eye flashes and he appears outside the Ji Shui Temple.

The moment he appeared, the Mountain Flying Sword that he had already condensed pierced out. It once again exploded the energy core of a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan.

“If you want to escape, leave Gu Teng behind.” Xu Tui laughed. His heart throbbed. Silently, a pillar of energy as thick as a bucket shot out from the crowd in front of him and shot toward Xu Tui at lightning speed.

That aura was clearly the energy aura of an extremely powerful Six Satellites

Planetary realm powerhouse. When Xu Tui looked up in shock, he saw that Gu Teng, who had been carried away by a group of experts from the Great Xi Clan, had already sat up and was smiling at him. He looked like his scheme had succeeded and he had been tricked!

So what if you, Kaedo, had just broken through to the Planetary realm? This was the full-powered attack of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Under a sneak attack, even Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses might be instantly killed.

His plan had succeeded! He believed that no one could avoid this attack.

Indeed, this attack was so sudden and close. Xu Tui could not dodge it. The full-powered attack of the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse landed on Xu Tui’s chest.

Xu Tui was a little nervous at first. However, the moment the full-powered attack landed on his chest, it landed on the six layers of Vajra Barrier that was regularly set up on his body.

The first Vajra Barrier shattered, and so did the second and third Vajra Barriers. However, the moment they shattered his fourth Vajra Barrier, Xu Tui urged his mind power and activated another Vajra Barrier.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier had changed from two layers to three. The moment the fifth level of the Vajra Barrier shattered, Gu Teng’s sneak attack also dissipated. It only broke through Xu Tui’s five layers of Vajra Barrier. It did not even shatter his defense.

Gu Teng was stunned.

Xu Tui, who was originally very nervous, suddenly smiled. He looked at Gu Teng and pointed at his chest. “That’s it?”

Gu Teng instantly felt humiliated.

He was not humiliated. He was utterly humiliated.

He was a dignified Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He pretended to be seriously injured and was on the verge of death to ambush a Two Satellites Planetary realm expert. And yet, he did not even break his defense. The other party did not even lose a hair. If this was not humiliation, what was?

Even he felt ashamed!

However, shame was shame. He had achieved his goal of luring Kaedo out.

“Pass down my military order. Surround and annihilate this person!” Gu Teng’s order was directed at the guards of the Heavenly Court..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1