Chapter 1468 - 1468: Killing Gu Teng (2)

Chapter 1468 - 1468: Killing Gu Teng (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Especially since there were two Five Satellites Planetary realms.

Gu Teng was stunned to discover that the combined attacks of the 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court and his attacks were actually an illusion. The moment the attack reached them, the experts of the Huaxia Sector who he was extremely afraid of, led by Cai Shaochu, dissipated.

Illusion!

Damn it, he had been tricked. He had been tricked by Kaedo again.

Gu Teng was embarrassed and angry. As the commander of the battlefield, it was a humiliation to be fooled by the enemy time and time again.

This was the humiliation of his life!

He instantly turned around. The moment he turned around, Gu Teng was stunned.

Damn it! This…

The two strongest Five Satellites Planetary powerhouses under him had died in battle. Another Four Satellites had died in battle. What made him feel the most ironic was that most of the results were done by the four captains with Five Satellites. They were also guards of the Heavenly Court, but the guards under him could not attack Kaedo.

Kaedo had used some unknown method to control the guards of the Heavenly Court to attack his people.

Could it be any more infuriating? Gu Teng felt a strong sense of double standards and powerlessness. It was only because the Great Xi Clan could not vomit blood. Otherwise, Gu Teng would really vomit blood on the spot.

Actually, it was not a double standard for the guards of the Heavenly Court. Instead, it was because the composition of the guards of the Heavenly Court was different.

The guards of the Heavenly Court controlled by Gu Teng were the guards of the Heavenly Court in the Primordial Era. Their mental bodies had been infiltrated and placed with special methods by the wielder of the Heavenly Court. The social rankings were strict. it was naturally engraved in the mental bodies of these standard guards.

However, the Five Satellites Heavenly Court guards on Xu Tui’s side were empty shells left behind by the self-destruction of the mental body. They were possessed and controlled by the planetary realm powerhouses that Xu Tui had controlled.

There were no control restrictions of the Heavenly Court guards in their mental bodies. Therefore, they could attack without restraint. Moreover, other than Gu Teng having a military position in the Heavenly Court, no one else under him had a military position in the Heavenly Court.

In other words, even if Xu Tui was controlling the standard Heavenly Court guards, he would still attack Gu Teng’s subordinates at this moment. However, Gu Teng, who was anxious and angry, could not think of it and did not have the time to think about it.

The moment Gu Teng turned around, two bottles of mineral water had already flown out of Xu Tui’s hand. They scattered and instantly turned into a snowstorm.

The Blizzard Domain expanded. The Mountain Flying Sword that Xu Tui had condensed previously also slashed toward Gu Teng. There were still eight Planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui had six.

Eight against six!

The Mountain Flying Sword blasted toward Gu Teng. While it was entangled with Gu Teng, the light projected by the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal above Xu Tui’s head split into six under his control and landed on Kitawan, Lang Xu, Bao Zhang, and the others.

“I am the Star Lord Ji Shui. Hurry up and retreat.” Xu Tui activated the Star Lord Seal and shouted again with the aura of the Star Lord Seal.

Gu Teng was furious. He had just reacted. The guards of the Heavenly Court under him could not kill Kaedo, who had the Star Lord’s seal, but could they not kill his subordinates? The guards of the Heavenly Court who had just received his orders were stunned by Xu Tui’s roar.

They did not dare to attack!

The status of Star Lord Ji Shui was too high.

What made Gu Teng even more depressed was that Kaodo’s golden flying sword poses a huge threat to him. He had to deal with it with all his might. Otherwise, it could pierce through his defense at any time.

However, his attack could not threaten Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had transformed into a 30-foot-tall giant. He stood where he was and did not dodge his attack. His attacks could not pierce through Xu Tui’s defense. Unless he could continuously attack with all his might.

But he would not be able to attack with all his might under the rapid attacks of Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword without any regards of his life.

He could only defend and attack at the same time. However, one attack could not break through Xu Tui’s defense. He felt powerless! An indescribable sense of powerlessness suddenly welled up in his heart.

In just a few seconds, Kaedo, who was also Xu Tui, threw out thousands of grams of Origin Crystals and activated the energy within. A blizzard domain that covered a radius of 2,000 meters had already formed.

The snowstorm whistled. Although it did not cause him much damage, Gu Teng could tell that Xu Tui definitely had a trump card.

Gu Teng was already hesitating if he should retreat. While Gu Teng was hesitating, Xu Tui activated the Mountain Flying Sword to entangle him. At the same time, his mind power moved slightly.

Ice Seal!

In just an instant, Kitawan’s opponent was frozen.

Kitawan took the opportunity to attack and kill his opponent, who was also a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Even without Xu Tui’s instructions, Kitawan instantly rushed to help Lang Xu, who was already injured.

Because it was eight against six, Lang Xu and Bao Zhang were each fighting one against two. Bao Zhang was a Six Satellites Planetary Realm, so his condition was quite good. But it was a little difficult for Lang Xu. The situation immediately improved after Kitawan shared the burden.

Xu Tui’s ice seal erupted continuously. He unleashed it twice in a second. In almost a second, Kitawan and Lang Xu took advantage of this opportunity to deal with their opponents. After all, their opponents were only Three and Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. They were the captains with Five Satellites and were a little stronger.

Gu Teng, who was still hesitating if he should escape, was stunned! Was there a need to hesitate in this situation? If he did not escape now, he might not be able to leave alive. They might be killed by the group.

It was hateful. He had 100 extremely powerful elite guards of the Heavenly Court, but he could not kill Xu Tui.

That hatred surged like the sea!

“Retreat!” Gu Teng, who had shouted this word, was depressed. However, he turned into a stream of light and wanted to escape.

Ice Seal!

Almost the moment he moved, a terrifying cold air instantly froze him. With a slight fluctuation of energy, Gu Teng broke through the ice seal.

He was sealed again!

The moment he was sealed again, the locations of the Blizzard Domain’s Nova and the Mountain Nova had already completed an exchange in Xu Tui’s mind.

The enhancement of the Vajra Force Field directly increased the new star of the Blizzard Domain.

The star halo of the Blizzard Domain’s star instantly increased from the mid-grade two star halos to the mid-grade three star halos.

However, this was not enough.

The consumption and time it took for Gu Teng to break through the ice seal increased slightly. Gu Teng was about to break through the ice seal and escape.

Xu Tui activated the holy power in a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token without hesitation. The holy power instantly enhanced the ice seal, and the power of the ice seal increased explosively. The energy in Gu Teng’s body flashed wildly, but it did not break the ice seal this time.

The Mountain Flying Sword let out a sharp cry and blasted towards Gu Teng, who had been sealed by the ice. A terrifying light spread out in the eyes of Gu Teng, then condensed…

He knew that he was really doomed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1