Chapter 1461 - 1461: Mutation On The Blue Star

Chapter 1461: Mutation on the Blue Star

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s mind power carried the red light of the red fire slip and rushed into the Star Lord’s seal without any obstruction.

In an instant, the seal seemed to have been activated. A fine lizht bloomed and soared into the skv from the Ji Shui Temple, rushing into the boundless clouds of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui was stunned. His feelings were indescribable. This was because he realized that he had officially established some clear spiritual connection with the seal.

In layman’s terms, Xu Tui had already refined a little of the seal just now. Although he had only refined a little, it meant that Xu Tui was already half the owner of the seal. This little connection allowed Xu Tui to completely understand the state of the seal.

It was an ownerless item!

If his mind power continued to enter, he would be able to continuously refine it until he completely controlled the seal.

That attack just now was about 1% of the refinement progress. However, even with 1% of the refinement progress, a large amount of information instantly surged into Xu Tui’s mind.

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Star Lord Ji Shui belonged to the Azure Dragon of the East. He often had three star officials and 15 deacons under him. It was the patrolling military organization of the Heavenly Court. Below the 15 deacons, each of them controlled 100 immortals. A military organization like the Ji Shui Temple was different from the Heavenly Court’s defense army.

The Heavenly Court’s defense army was an upright external military organization.

On the other hand, the Ji Shui Temple was a little like an elite military organization. Its functions were much more complicated. It had internal and external functions. It gathered combat, patrol, reconnaissance, assassination, beheading, and law enforcement. It was a more comprehensive organization.

There were nearly 1,600 people, but they were all elites. For example, the 15 deacons were at least in the Six Satellites Planetary realm. Bao Zhang was the deacon of the Ji Shui Temple.

As for the three Star Officials of the Ji Shui Temple, they should at least be in the Seven Satellites Planetary Realm. However, Xu Tui did not know where they were now.

He was not in a hurry to ask Bao Zhang. Instead, he took this opportunity to continuously refine the seal.

Xu Tui felt that as he gained a clear grasp of the seal, this Ji Shui Hall had a connection with him. He seemed to be able to sense the overall situation of the Ji Shui Temple, but the refinement level was too low, so it was very blurry.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He continuously activated the red fire slip and used it to continuously release a red light. It brought along his mind power and quickly refined the seal. Actually, he could also refine the seal without the red fire slip.

However, the refinement speed was so slow that it made his hair stand. The red light of the red fire slip brought Xu Tui’s mind power into the seal once. It was basically 1% of the refinement progress.

The kind that was instantly refined.

However, if Xu Tui did not use the red fire slip to refine the seal and used his mind power to wrap it for 15 minutes, the refinement progress would not even be 0.1%.

It was very slow!

Xu Tui estimated that without the help of the red fire slip, he might need a year or more to refine the seal. This was even if he did not eat, drink, or do anything else for that one year, and did not rest just to refine the seal.

However, with the help of the red fire slip, he would be able to completely refine it in 200 to 300 seconds. Basically, about two seconds was 1% of the progress. As the refinement progress of the seal continued to increase, Xu Tui’S mind power swept toward the red fire slip again.

The origin of this red fire slip might be more mysterious than Xu Tui had imagined.

Xu Tui had asked Little Six before. He said that he felt a sense of familiarity with the aura of the red fire slip, but he could not remember where this sense of familiarity came from.

However, he was certain that the red fire slip was most likely related to the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui observed the red fire slip with his mind power again, but he could not find anything. He discovered another situation. The red light contained in the red fire slip was actually fading. With every shot, it became fainter.

Previously, when Xu Tui used the red light of the red fire slip to strengthen himself, the red light in the red fire slip would also become fainter. However, as he cultivated, it would slowly recover.

Xu Tui could no longer remain calm now that it had faded. This meant that he could not use the power in the red fire slip without limit to help him quickly refine the seal. At the current rate of weakening, he might be able to refine 80% to 90% of it before the power in the red fire slip was exhausted.

Fortunately, Xu Tui knew the power in the red fire slip. Its recovery speed was not slow, provided that he cultivated for a long time.

Xu Tui instantly made a decision. He would refine more than 50% of the seal first. However, a minute later, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on his face. When he used the power of the red fire slip to refine the seal to about 30%, the situation was different.

After refining to 30%, he could already freely control the seal. Even without the guidance of the red fire slip, his mind power was quickly refining the seal.

This way, Xu Tui was no longer anxious. At this rate, he would be able to completely refine it in a month at most as long as he brought the seal along for half a month. He had already used up a third of the power in the red fire slip. He had to keep the remaining two-thirds. After all, restoration was relatively slow.

Firstly, it could increase his strength at the critical moment. Secondly, what if he obtained one or two more Star Lord Seals?

Without the power in the red fire slip, he would not be able to quickly refine it.

Gu Teng, who was outside the Water Temple, was already anxious when he saw the light in the Ji Shui Temple soaring into the sky and piercing through the endless layers.

“Quick, work harder. I did not expect Kaedo to start refining the Star Lord Seal inside. We have to break through the energy defense of the Ji Shui Temple before he succeeds in refining it!” Gu Teng roared.

Just as Xu Tui was overjoyed and Gu Teng was anxious, a few directions in the small universe of the Heavenly Court rose into the sky.

If a mighty figure who could look down on the entire Heavenly Court’s small universe looked at the Heavenly Court from a bird’s eye view, they would realize that there were a total of five beams of light, both strong and weak, that soared into the sky.

As the five beams of light pierced through the boundless clouds of the Heavenly Court and the unknown endless void, the entire solar system was undergoing a mysterious change.

The moment Xu Tui refined the Star Lord Seal, a dark cluster of stars in the Milky Way suddenly became bright. The pillar of light that was originally scattered in all directions suddenly froze. The light was semi-condensed and shone in the direction of the solar system.

There were four other star clusters located inside and outside the Milky Way. Just like this star cluster, they seemed to have been woken up from a deep sleep. Most of the scattered starlight gathered and shone towards the solar system from afar.

According to the current scientific system of the Blue Star, these five clusters located in different locations inside and outside the Milky Way were from 100 to 1,000 light years away from the Blue Star in the solar system.

In other words, even if they traveled at the speed of light, the brilliance of these star clusters would take hundreds or even thousands of years to reach the Blue Star of the solar system from their location.

However, in a few seconds, or rather, dozens of seconds, an alarm suddenly sounded in the celestial monitoring centers of the various sectors of the Blue Star.

“Warning. Detected that the radiation fluctuations of Spica are rapidly rising and projecting towards the Blue Star… Please determine the risk immediately.”

“Warning, the radiation fluctuations of Hydra have increased by more than five times in a short period of time. They are still increasing. The ball of radiation is projecting toward the Blue Star. It will arrive in three minutes. Please determine the risk immediately…”

The world monitoring centers of the various alliances were instantly detonated by a strange fluctuation. The top astronomers, physicists, and radiation experts of the various sectors gathered and quarreled.

It was too sudden. It was too against common sense. In fact, be it Spica or Hydra, their radiation had been above the Blue Star for thousands of years. It was actually starlight. However, it was extremely weak and had a very limited impact.

In theory, if there was a mutation enhancement, the Blue Star should have discovered it long ago. It would take a long time to reach the Blue Star. But now, according to the equipment, it had projected onto the Blue Star in a few minutes, which was completely unscientific.

It could even be said to have overturned some of the Blue Star’s theories. The Blue Star was already in a mess. The mutated radiation was about to arrive, but there was no conclusion.

Actually, if Xu Tui, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Haren, and the others knew about this change, they would only smile faintly. For the universe, it was normal to be unknown. The cosmic tunnel allowed them to complete the crossing from the Milky Way to the solar system in a short period of time.

It was not strange that the changes in the starlight hundreds of light-years away would suddenly change and land on the Blue Star in a few minutes. Moreover, up until now, in all of Blue Star’s research, there were only data and deductions in the unit of speed of light.

All the technological methods on the Blue Star could only be infinitely close to the speed of light, but they could not reach the speed of light. In theory, if one’s speed reached the speed of light, space and time might be distorted. Some even said that they could fold.

From this perspective, the humans of the Blue Star knew too little. Everything about the speed of light was limited to theory. No one knew what would happen after he reached the speed of light.

In that case, it was understandable that the radiation of these clusters hundreds of light-years away would land on the Blue Star.

However, the changes in the Blue Star, or rather, the interior of the solar system, were far more than that.

Three minutes later, an ear-piercing alarm suddenly rang out from a monitoring point in the Huaxia Sector. It detected that the concentration of energy in a certain area was rapidly increasing.

The special agents of the Special Intelligence Division rushed over fully armed, thinking that there was a battle here.

However, in reality, there was nothing. There were no traces of battle. It was just the pure energy concentration was increasing. The same situation kept happening all over the Blue Star. Soon, the various sectors of the Blue Star realized that the concentration of energy on the Blue Star had begun to increase.

In some places, the concentration of energy had increased exponentially, especially in some of the famous mountains and rivers in the Huaxia Sector. The increase in the concentration of energy was terrifying.

Similarly, it was not just the Blue Star. The energy concentration on the Moon and Mars had also greatly increased. It was even to the extent that the energy concentration of the planets in the solar system occupied by the Blue Star Humans had increased to a certain extent.

However, it was nothing compared to the violent increase in the concentration of energy on the Blue Star.

The entire Blue Star, including all the warriors in the extra-terrestrial, was shocked by the changes in the Blue Star and the various occupied planets.

Was this a gift bag from the heavens?

The increase in the concentration of energy represented the cultivation speed of the Blue Star humans. Everyone knew this.

At the same time, in the holy land of the Muya God Race in the distant Milky Way, a faint golden and milky-white shadow suddenly rose from the holy land and slowly condensed into a huge figure that shone with holy light.

The moment the figure of holy light appeared, the statues of all the temples on the planet ruled by the Muyas bloomed with dense holy light..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1