Chapter 1465 - 1465: You Were Tricked? (1)

Chapter 1465 - 1465: You Were Tricked? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Outside the Ji Shui Temple, Gu Teng was leading the 13 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan to bombard the energy defense of the Ji Shui Temple.

Even Gu Teng was attacking with all his might.

However, Gu Teng and the others also understood that this was the small universe of the Heavenly Court. They might encounter danger at any time during the competition between the three races.

Therefore, while they were attacking the energy defense of Ji Shui Temple, two hexagonal energy blocks were embedded in the groove in front of everyone’s chest.

As they attacked, they replenished their energy and tried their best to raise the energy state in their bodies to a high level. Even so, the speed at which the attack energy was consumed was far faster than the recovery speed.

The energy level in the bodies of most Planetary realm powerhouses had dropped to 60%. It was already a dangerous state.

However, Gu Teng did not stop. He had to continuously blast open the energy defense of Ji Shui Temple. As long as he stopped in the middle, all his previous efforts would be in vain.

“Work harder.” As he roared, Gu Teng glanced at the elites of the Heavenly Court guards surrounding them.

The 100 elites of the Heavenly Court guards surrounded them. Their energy defenses were connected in the form of an array, forming an energy array defense around the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan.

Gu Teng had completely handed over the defense to the elite guards of the

Heavenly Court. They would all attack the energy defense of Ji Shui Temple. This was a very safe method. From the looks of it, the energy array formed by the 100 elites of the Heavenly Court guards was invincible.

Whether it was the Muyas or the Spiritual Race, even if all their experts gathered here and attacked at the same time, they would not be able to instantly blast open the energy defense array set up by the 100 Heavenly Court guards.

After all, among the 100 Heavenly Court guards, there were three Seven Satellites and 15 Six Satellites. The rest were all Five Satellites.

Although the combat strength of the Heavenly Court guards was low, their energy power was real.

Therefore, Gu Teng and the others attacked with all their might and had no worries about their defense.

In the Ji Shui Temple, Xu Tui was watching this scene coldly. Just now, he had already made the final confirmation with Bao Zhang. Actually, the refinement of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal had already told him the relevant key.

At this moment, Xu Tui was making the final arrangements for his counterattack.

Although Xu Tui had broken through to the Planetary realm, from the looks of it, six against 14 was still very difficult.

Therefore, he had to plan well.

In just three minutes, Xu Tui had already come up with three battle plans. He had also modified them with Kitawan, Lang Xu, and Feng Ran.

Belas was actually relatively ordinary. However, Kitawan, Lang Xu, and Feng

Ran were really elites among elites. They each had their own battle thoughts.

Xu Tui made different battle plans based on the enemy’s different reactions. He looked at Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas, and Bao Zhang, who were standing behind him. “Get ready. You must succeed in your first round of targets.

“The success of the first round of targets will determine our plan,” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t worry, Sir.” Bao Zhang was also very excited. He was finally going to participate in the battle and completely step onto this path of freedom.

Xu Tui looked at the attacking rhythm of the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng and the others outside the hall through the energy screen of the Ji Shui Temple. A cold smile suddenly appeared on his face. Today, he planned to wipe out this wave of the Great Xi Clan. Otherwise, he would feel disgusted by Gu Teng.

Just now, Xu Tui had experimented with a way to disgust the enemy. Not only did the energy defense screen of the Ji Shui Temple prevent the Great Xi Clan from entering, but it also prevented the attacks of everyone in the hall from being blasted out.

If he wanted to kill the enemy, he could only leave Ji Shui Temple and attack.

However, Xu Tui had just noticed an exception. His quantum dimensional chain energy teleportation could do it! It could directly blast the attack out through the energy defense screen. Simply put, it was because of the energy teleportation. The enemy could not hit Xu Tui, but Xu Tui could hit the enemy.

Of course, there was a distance limit.

If Xu Tui did not go out, he would be able to make the enemy vomit blood with this move.

In the next moment, the God Slaying Sword suddenly appeared above Xu Tui’s head.

The moment the God Slaying Sword appeared, Xu Tui frowned slightly. This was because when he was activating the God Slaying Sword, Xu Tui had realized that the negative energy accumulated in the God Slaying Sword was not full.

Only 90% of it was left, it was missing 10%.

Xu Tui remembered very clearly that the first thing he did after his previous battle was to accumulate the negative energy in the God Slaying Sword.

After all, the God Slaying Sword was a true combat strength. If he used it well, he could directly kill an enemy who was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse or even severely injure a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Why was it not in peak condition now?

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the blue-gold light that had flown out of the Star Lord Seal when the red fire slip had absorbed it. Could it be that the blue gold star light in the Star Lord Seal had expanded the God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip?

Xu Tui instantly thought of many things.

Were there similar lights in the seals of the Heavenly Court?

If it had, Xu Tui did not need to refine too many of the seals of the Heavenly Court. He only needed to refine five to six or about ten of them to double the capacity of the God Slaying Sword.

Didn’t that mean that the power of the God Slaying Sword could also be doubled?

If the power of the God Slaying Sword doubled, would it be able to kill Six or even Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1