Chapter 1464 - 1464: Blessed Enclave And Breaking The Siege

Chapter 1464 - 1464: Blessed Enclave and Breaking the Siege

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the deep starry sky, in a base inside an unknown planet, the screen of light that had been extinguished for a long time lit up again.

“A message from the third main base has been detected. Long-term Observer Number 37 (he has been promoted to a manager, but authority has not been successfully granted) has entered the third main base.

“Do you want to grant the administrator rights according to the rules?”

“The administrator will be given authority according to the established rules.

However, we need the authorization of Number One. Contact Number One urgently.”

“There’s no reaction from Number One. Activate the emergency plan. Long-term Observer Number 37 will be given administrator rights according to the rules. However, because we do not have the authorization of Number 1, we can only give a portion of the managerial rights according to the procedure.”

“A portion of the administrator rights have been granted. The third main base is about to be implemented.”

“Beginning implementation.”

“Detected that we have lost contact with the fourth main base. We have discovered suspected information about the second main base. Attempting to contact…”

“Contact failed. Try contacting again..

All the higher-ups of the Blue Star were about to go crazy with joy after receiving the latest intelligence.

It was really… unimaginable!

More than a year ago, there was a mutation on the Blue Star. After that mutation, the average energy concentration on the Blue Star changed from 0.05 to 0.5. Depending on the location and district, the energy concentration on the Blue Star ranged from 0.2 to 0.8.

That was already a celebration for the Blue Star humans.

In the past year, more Genetic Evolution Realms, Genetic Transmutation Realms, quasi-planetary realms, and even Planetary realms had appeared among the Blue Star humans than in the past ten years.

Now, the concentration of energy after the mutation was about to make the higher-ups of the Blue Star die of happiness. Even in the most barren place in the past, where the concentration of energy was at least 0.2, the concentration of energy had soared to 0.6. It had almost tripled.

Not only that, but the normal energy concentration in other places had already reached 1.0. In some places where energy concentration is dense have reached

1.5•

What did that mean?

In the past, only those at the Genetic Mutation Realm or even the Evolution Realm would be transported to Mars to cultivate. In reality, they were enjoying the concentration of energy on Mars.

Now, they could enjoy this energy concentration on the Blue Star.

What was even more gratifying was that there was already news from Mars. The energy concentration on Mars had already exceeded 2.0 and was still increasing. This meant that the cultivation speed of the Blue Star Elites would be faster in the future, and more elites would grow.

However. the Huaxia Sector was the most shocked.

Wei Bin, who was commanding in the Planet Kono, received an urgent call from the Huaxia Sector through the quantum teleportation channel.

The concentration of energy in various parts of the Huaxia Sector had increased. The concentration of energy in some rich areas had increased to 1.5.

What was even more shocking was that the exploration team of the Special Intelligence Division discovered that the concentration of energy in a valley halfway up Mount Tai had reached an astonishing 3.1.

This energy concentration was higher than even Ceres Star, let alone Planet Kono.

Currently, there are a total of three such places.

Although such a change was gratifying, the reason was unknown. Would there be unknown dangers and hidden dangers?

Therefore, the Huaxia Sector sent this news and details to Wei Bin, the extra-terrestrial command center. They hoped to get an answer from him. The Planetary realm powerhouses in the extra-terrestrial could be said to be at the forefront of the Huaxia Sector’s thinking and strength.

The experts on Wei Bin’s side studied it for half a day but to no avail.

Bian Yuan, who had been transferred here as an expert, pushed up his black-framed eyes and suddenly said, “Look at these three places. They are Mount Tai, Mount Hua, and Mount Qingyuan. Could this be related to the 36 grotto-heavens and 72 blessed lands in the legends of the Huaxia Daoism? “These three are all famous on the rankings.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Mei Sen, the dean of the Mystery Branch of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, who was also researching here, pounced over. He waved his hand and took out an extremely ancient spiritual diagram.

“36 grotto-heavens and 72 blessed lands. It’s possible, it’s possible!” After saying that, Mei Sen looked at Wei Bin and said, “Lieutenant Wei, immediately send an order to the local area and get them to investigate the locations of the 36 grotto-heavens and 72 blessed lands.”

Wei Bin nodded. Before he could give the order, Mei Sen suddenly said, “No, Lieutenant Wei, I think it’s better for me to make a trip personally.

“If the matter of the 36 grotto-heavens and the 72 Blessed Lands was true, it meant that there would be 108 cultivation treasure lands in the Huaxia Sector whose energy concentration far exceeded that of known planets.

“We had to develop and use these cultivation treasure lands as soon as possible. If we could develop and make use of it, we would be able to obtain a large number of Transmutation Realm Elites in a few years.

“At that time, quasi-planets can also be produced continuously!”

Wei Bin was a little hesitant. After all, Mei Sen was a Planetary realm powerhouse. At this stage, every Planetary realm powerhouse was a precious combat power.

Especially since Mei Sen had broken through to the Planetary realm almost a year ago. His combat strength had surpassed the Two Satellites Planetary realm and was even close to the Three Satellites Planetary realm.

It could be considered Dean Mei Sen’s accumulation over the years.

“Lieutenant Wei, let Old Mei make a trip. We can only be at ease if he goes. After all, the local people don’t know much about the situation in the extra-terrestrial. Now, we seem to be in a good situation. In reality, it was like walking on thin ice. We had to speed up the development of reserve forces, especially in such a cultivation land.”

Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, who had also broken through to the Planetary realm this year, added, “If Old Mei goes, not only will he have a status, but he will also be able to suppress them with strength!”

Wen Xinglun was also highly respected. Every principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had a lot of weight in their words. Hearing this, Wei Bin nodded slowly. “In that case, Dean Mei, I’ll give you a special pass. You can use all the quantum teleportation channels first. You will be able to return to the Blue Star in a day at most.”

“Alright, don’t worry, Lieutenant Wei.”

Mei Sen was about to leave when he was stopped by Wei Bin. “Dean Mei, if there really is a cultivation treasure land like the 36 Grotto -Heavens and 72 Blessed Lands,

“I think that a portion should be allocated to the army. We need more and more powerful warriors who can step into the space universe. No matter how many planets we capture, we still need them to defend us in the end.”

“Don’t worry, Lieutenant Wei. I understand.” With that, Mei Sen left.

After Mei Sen left, Wen Xinglun looked at the slowly increasing energy concentration data of Planet Kono on the star map and asked in confusion, “What do you think happened behind the rapid increase in the energy concentration of the Blue Star?”

In the Ji Shui Temple of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui had refined the Star Lord Seal to a little more than 30%. He suddenly felt that the Star Lord Seal seemed to have a close connection with him. It seemed to be able to be absorbed into his body.

With a thought, the Star Lord Seal suddenly turned into a beam of light and entered Xu Tui’s body. In the next moment, Xu Tui’s joy appeared. Under his introspection, the Star Lord Seal appeared at the waist of his mental figure.

After absorbing it into his body, he understood more about the Star Lord Seal. He also had a mysterious connection with Bao Zhang behind him.

Xu Tui knew very well that Bao Zhang, who was behind him, was a deacon of the Ji Shui Temple. A blue-gold light suddenly flew out of the Star Lord Seal.

Xu Tui was shocked. How could this thing cause trouble in his head? In the next moment, this blue-gold light accurately flew into the red fire slip and instantly disappeared.

Xu Tui was stunned. His mind power chased into the red fire slip, but he did not discover anything. The red fire slip, which had eaten the blue-gold light, was as if it had not eaten it. It seemed to be the same as before.

Its aura did not change at all.

Where did the light go?

After studying it for more than ten breaths without any results, Xu Tui could only put it down for the time being. In any case, there were many things that Xu Tui could not understand about the red fire slip.

He did not have any more questions. He would keep it for now and study it slowly when he was free. At this moment, he had to solve the current crisis first and break through the siege.

Perhaps Xu Tui had only paid attention to the interior of the red fire slip. He had only paid attention to the light that had entered the red fire slip and had not paid attention to the external changes of the red fire slip.

The red fire slip was still a red fire slip, but after the blue-gold light from the Star Lord’s Seal entered, the originally ancient and blurry patterns on the red fire slip suddenly became clearer.

It was not just these patterns. Even the small sword engraved on the back of the red fire slip, the God Slaying Sword, had become more realistic. The sword seemed to have become a little larger.

Even the God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had filled up for the enemy had become empty. In fact, under the influence of Xu Tui’s mind power, the speed at which he passively refined the Star Lord Seal had increased slightly. It was just that the improvement was small and he did not notice it.

Xu Tui sank his mind power into the Star Lord Seal. He basically understood the situation in the Ji Shui Temple.

Gu Teng’s attacks outside were intense. At this rate, they would be able to break through the energy defense of the Ji Shui Temple in half an hour at most and charge into the temple.

Xu Tui was not afraid of Gu Teng alone. Even if he was not a match, it would not be a problem for him to teleport and escape. However, there were 13 Planetary realm powerhouses with different cultivation levels behind Gu Teng, as well as 100 Heavenly Court guards.

These 100 Heavenly Court guards were what Xu Tui was afraid of. As long as five to six of them hit Xu Tui, he would die.

“Bao Zhang, I remember that our Ji Shui Temple should have three Star Officials, 15 Deacons, and more than a thousand Constellation Divine Guards. Where are they?” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui, who had the Star Lord Seal, subconsciously lost his previous respect for Bao Zhang. Judging from the relationship with the Star Lord Seal, Bao Zhang was now his subordinate, and a subordinate of a low level.

Even Bao Zhang himself did not notice anything unusual. Instead, he said to Xu

Tui respectfully, “Sir, I don’t know about this.”

Bao Zhang spontaneously addressed Xu Tui as Sir. This change in address was very natural.

Xu Tui was extremely stunned. He had only refined 30% of the Star Lord Seal. Why was Bao Zhang, who was still his senior, so respectful to him? 1–10w powerful was the Heavenly Court’s control over these guys back then?

“You don’t?”

“That’s right. Back then, most of them should have been brought to participate in the battle by the Star Lord. I stayed behind to guard the house,” Bao Zhang said.

“Guard the house…’

Xu Tui was a little speechless. Xu Tui was still thinking about refining the Star Lord Seal. Even if he did not have hundreds of thousands of soldiers in the Southern Heavenly Gate, it was not bad to have a thousand elites.

However, he did not expect that only Bao Zhang’s team was left.

Only Bao Zhang was left in this team. The other Constellation Divine Guards had all been killed by Gu Teng when they fled into the Ji Shui Temple. In other words, Xu Tui had worked hard for a long time to obtain a bare-bones Star

Lord Seal, as well as a Six-Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Bao Zhang. He was a little dejected.

Suddenly, the dejected Xu Tui suddenly realized something. He suddenly raised his head and looked at Bao Zhang. “Bao Zhang, you said that the hierarchy in the Heavenly Court is strict, right?”

“Of course!”

“Then…” Xu Tui suddenly took out the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1