Chapter 1460 - 1460: The Seal Of The Hall

Chapter 1460: The Seal of the Hall

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the main hall of the Ji Shui Temple, a small seal could be seen floating on the table through the open door. The handle of the seal had the head of a leopard and emitted a faint blue light. It floated there, mysterious and oppressive.

Xu Tui did not enter rashly. When he stood at the door and sized up the place, Bao Zhang rushed over. “Senior, this?”

At this moment, Bao Zhang was still very valuable. Xu Tui still maintained his previous attitude. “I don’t understand the current Heavenly Court.”

As he spoke, Xu Tui looked at the jade slip in Bao Zhang’s hand.

Bao Zhang was not idle either. In this short period of time, he had already obtained a jade slip. It should be the information that Xu Tui needed previously.

“This is some of the information I know about the small universe of the Heavenly Court. However, my status is limited, and so is my knowledge. What I know about higher-level things are just rumors. Just refer to them. I hope they can help you bring more brothers away.” Bao Zhang’s eyes were filled with hope.

Back then, too many people had died. If he could get out alive, he naturally hoped to bring more brothers away.

Yes.

Brother!

Back then, Lord Hei Yang had said that anyone who joined was a brother.

Xu Tui took the jade slip and probed it with his mind power. In an instant, he understood all the records inside. He immediately understood many of the situations. For example, why could the Great Xi Clan only obtain two commander-level positions in the Southern Heavenly Gate Army?

This was because in the ancient Heavenly Court, there was a clear rule that high -ranking officials of the various small universes could only be held by humans.

The military had drawn this line clearly.

In the army of the Heavenly Court, human experts had to be the generals of more than 10,000 people. Among the guards of the Heavenly Court, the commanders led 10,000 guards. In other words, the positions of great commanders and generals of the Southern Heavenly Gate had to be taken up by humans.

However, where did these higher-ups of the true Heavenly Court’s defense army go? Not only that, but in theory, the various high-level positions in the Heavenly Court had to be held by humans.

For example, the main official in the Ji Shui Temple was Star Lord Ji Shui, and he should be a human. Another example was the Heavenly Venerates of the five orthodox gods of the Heavenly Court, including the orthodox gods of the various departments below the Heavenly Venerate.

Of course, in comparison with the army, this was not necessary. It was not a must. That meant that there were exceptions. For example, among the previous Star Lords, there were humans and sub-clans like them.

That’s right. In ancient times, the Muyas were called the sub-clan of the human race. However, their status was slightly higher than the Great Xi Clan. The Great Xi Clan were just tools and puppets in the ancient era.

“Senior, I want to know if I can get my hands on this seal.” Xu Tui looked at the seal of Star Lord Ji Shui in the main hall of the Ji Shui Temple His eyes were shining. With this seal, would he be able to grasp the power of the Ji Shui Temple? Or would he have a certain status in the Heavenly Court?

“I don’t know about that.” Bao Zhang shook his head. “The hierarchy in the Heavenly Court is extremely strict. Without orders, I don’t dare to step into the main hall. If you dare to step into the main hall, the restriction will immediately be activated.”

Xu Tui turned around and sized up Bao Zhang. He had the urge to step in and see what restriction it was.

“Senior, why don’t you try? Perhaps the restriction has disappeared after so many years?” Xu Tui looked at the fearful Bao Zhang and gave him an idea.

Xu Tui purely wanted to use Bao Zhang to pave the way. Who knew what would happen if he stepped into the main hall? Would he attract the lightning’s punishment or some restriction to kill him in one move?

It was not bad to let Bao Zhang scout the way.

However, Bao Zhang did not know what Xu Tui was thinking. He purely thought that Xu Tui, a fellow clansman, really wanted to give it a try. After hesitating for a few seconds, Bao Zhang said, “Then I’ll…

“Yes, be careful, Senior!”

In the next second, Bao Zhang carefully approached the door of the main hall. Then, he slowly extended his left hand and probed the interior of the main hall. The moment the fingertip of his left hand stepped through the door of the main hall, an invisible screen of light appeared.

“How dare you!” A thunderous roar, accompanied by dark lightning, instantly exploded at the door.

Bao Zhang screamed and staggered back. Xu Tui gasped when he froze. Bao Zhang’s left hand had already disappeared. It was directly destroyed. Was the restriction at the entrance that powerful?

One had to know that Bao Zhang was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“It’s still there. Not only is this restriction here, but it’s even more powerful than before.” Bao Zhang stared at the door of the main hall with a terrified expression.

“In that case, we won’t be able to enter or obtain the seal?” Xu Tui frowned.

“That might not be the case,” Bao Zhang suddenly said.

“Why?”

“Lord Hei Yang must have his reasons for asking you to come and giving you the mission to obtain the seal of the Heavenly Court. We are all people with restrictions, and are controlled by the Heavenly

court. But you guys are ditterent. you guys are clean. Who knows! Try it.” This time, it was Bao Zhang’s turn to encourage Xu Tui.

Xu Tui thought about it and felt that what Bao Zhang said made sense. However, the restriction was too powerful. He thought about it. He did not reach out with one hand like Bao Zhang. Instead, he put away his other fingers and slowly tapped the door of the main hall with his index finger.

Even if he was counterattacked by the restriction, only one finger would be blown off. It was acceptable since his combat strength was not damaged. As his fingertips approached the door of the main hall, an invisible screen of light suddenly appeared.

Just as Xu Tui thought that his finger was about to die, he suddenly felt something between his fingers. With a light push, he actually entered! His finger passed through an invisible restriction screen.

There was no attack!

Xu Tui was stunned, but Bao Zhang muttered to himself, “As expected, everything was within Lord Hei Yang’s plan. Kaedo, quickly go in and see if you can keep this seal.”

Although Bao Zhang was urging him, Xu Tui did not dare to be anxious. Instead, he slowly reached his arm in. When he felt that it was okay, he poked half of his body in. He stuck half of his body in and was fine. Then, he stuck his head out.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have no one to cry to if his head was blown off by the restrictive lightning when he entered the room.

Ten seconds later, Xu Tui easily stepped into the main hall. His mind power slowly enveloped the seal. There was an indescribably grand power inside. It felt a little similar to the origin power he had obtained on Ceres Star, but not.

Under the contact of his mind power, the seal of Star Lord Ji Shui did not reject Xu Tui’S power, but it did not accept it.

Xu Tui did not seem to be able to enter with his mind power.

“It doesn’t repel me, but I couldn’t enter it.” Xu Tui looked at Bao Zhang.

“It’s already a blessing to not be repelled.” Bao Zhang had a happy expression. “Kaedo, in ancient times, if you wanted to get the seal of Star Lord Ji Shui, you had to be conferred by the Jade Emperor or the Emperor. With their conferment, the new Star Lord could officially ascend the throne and become Star Lord Ji Shui. The non-rejection was probably Lord Hei Yang’s plan. It was a good thing that you’re not repelled. If you aren’t repelled, it means you could hold it. Although you could not become Star Lord Ji Shui and obtain his authority, you could wield the seal. To a certain extent, wielding the seal is like the arrival of a Star Lord. If you use it well, it will have endless magical effects.”

Xu Tui somewhat understood what Bao Zhang meant. He was not Star Lord Ji Shui, but if he could hold the seal of Star Lord Ji Shui, it would be equivalent to some kind of authority. It had the meaning of a leader and a driver.

In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power and enveloped the seal. The moment he enveloped it with his mind power, the seal spun and landed in his hand. Xu Tui suddenly understood something the moment it landed on his palm and enveloped it with his mind power.

He already knew the second control method of the Star Lord’s seal. It was this method of constant perseverance yields success.

Xu Tui held it in his hand and wrapped it with his mind power. He felt that his mind power had begun to fuse into the Star Lord’s seal. In an instant, an extremely small connection was established between him and the seal.

Xu Tui felt that as long as this continued, he should be able to completely control the seal one day. But it was extremely slow now. It was terrifyingly slow. This slow refinement process might be measured in years. It might take five to ten years or even more to refine and control the seal.

Xu Tui did not know why this was happening. Was it because the small universe of the Heavenly Court had sealed itself off? Or was it the so-called plan of Lord Hei Yang that Bao Zhang had mentioned?

Everything was strange.

In the next moment, Xu Tui tried to use his mind power to invade it to see if he could speed up the refinement process. He sank his mind into the mental figure and activated his powerful mind power to the limit. He wrapped it and squeezed it over. Three seconds later, the outcome was clear.

It was a little useful.

However, the acceleration was also extremely limited.

During the process of strengthening the refinement, Xu Tui suddenly realized that the red fire slip under his mental figure’s butt had suddenly moved. With a thought, he activated the red fire slip and shot out a red light. He wrapped it with his mind power and surged towards the seal.

In an instant, the Star Lord’s seal shone brightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1