Chapter 1463 - 1463: The Real Wielder?

Chapter 1463 - 1463: The Real Wielder?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Galaxy, the center of the Great Xi Clan’s rule, Planet Atlan.

Above a circular building that was filled with a technological feeling, the energy shadow of Yuan was flickering above. The 32 pairs of energy wings on its back looked exceptionally eye-catching.

In the square in the circular building, hundreds of experts from the Great Xi Clan who were dragging various energy wings behind them and had perfect streamlined bodies knelt on the ground and quietly listened to Yuan’s instructions.

“Lu Qi, the true Battle of the Era is about to begin. Bring the elites you have trained over the years and charge into the solar system. I look forward to your performance!”

As the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi half-knelt on the ground and patted his chest in greeting. “Please rest assured, Great Father. Your descendant will definitely bring you glory. He will spread your power seeds throughout the entire solar system in the shortest time possible.”

As the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi had 16 pairs of energy wings on his back and an extremely powerful aura.

“My child, I completely believe this. However, I hope that you can use the experience you have gained from the Milky Way Battlefield over the years to the future war of the era. My honor is not important. What is important is the final outcome.” Yuan’s voice was powerful and stable.

The chief executive of the Great Xi Clan raised his head slightly and looked at Yuan in the air. “Great Father, I don’t dare to make wild guesses about your revelation. Please enlighten me.”

“Actually, you’ve already done very well over the years. Just continue. Whether it’s the Spiritual Race or the Muyas, they are our allies in the future era war. However, at the same time, they are also our competitors and enemies,” Yuan said.

Lu Qi was slightly stunned. He already understood what Father meant.

“Thank you for your enlightenment, Great Father. I will order the executives to personally lead a team to investigate the changes around the solar system and wait for an opportunity to take action. As soon as we have the chance, we will charge into the solar system and spread the power seed of Great Father,” Lu Qi said.

The phantom in the sky nodded slightly. The energy hand suddenly reached back and took off four pairs of huge energy wings. Then, the four pairs of huge energy wings slowly floated down from the sky.

“In a short period of time, the strongest power will definitely not be able to enter the solar system. If there are people who can enter, reward it. It should be able to bring them superpowers. I believe that you will use it well,” Yuan said.

“Thank you for your reward, Great Father. I will definitely let your reward play its role.” Chief Executive Lu Qi respectfully received the four pairs of energy wings and brought a group of elites to thank him again.

In the sky, the energy wings on Yuan’s back became 28 pairs. The other 28 pairs of energy wings trembled slightly, and four pairs of energy wings were born. The concentration of energy on the entire Planet Atlan and the surrounding starry sky suddenly decreased.

“If there’s progress, you can wake me up.” After saying that, the huge wings of light on Yuan’s back trembled slightly. Then, they turned into countless spots of light and slowly dissipated into the world.

The chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, half-knelt on the ground with a group of elites. He only slowly stood up when the light spots completely dissipated.

Spiritual Race, Sacred Spiritual Planet, Sanctuary.

Great Elder Xu Yi knelt on the ground with a group of elders. In the sky, the phantom of the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor was looking down at them. This was the first time the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had visited the Sanctuary in nearly a thousand years.

Even though the Holy Ancestor had personally taken action 60 years ago and killed Gavro, he did not arrive at the Sanctuary.

“Xu Yi, you’ve been in power for 300 years, right?” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race suddenly spoke.

“Holy Ancestor, I am in charge of the Spiritual Race. In another five years, it will be 300 years,” Xu Yi replied carefully with a nervous expression.

“We actually have a natural advantage over the solar system, don’t we?” After saying this, the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race looked coldly at Xu Yi.

Instantly, Xu Yi was covered in sweat. At his level, how could he not understand what the Holy Ancestor meant? He was dissatisfied. He was dissatisfied with him, the person in charge.

“I’m incompetent. Holy Ancestor, please punish me!” The Spiritual Race’s Great Elder, Xu Yi, slammed his head on the ground and apologized.

The elders behind him all hit their heads on the ground and broke out in a cold sweat. No one had expected that the first thing the Holy Ancestor would do when he personally came to the Sanctuary in a thousand years was to interrogate them.

“Punishment?” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race sneered. “Back then, I went through a lot of trouble and prepared the plans long ago. I left a way in and out for you to operate as soon as possible. It was also for the battle of the new era.

“However, I realized today that your development in the solar system was no different from that of the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas. If I had noticed this a year ago, all of you would have gone to the Dragon Slaying Platform! Hmph!”

With a cold grunt, blood flowed out of the eyes, ears, mouth, and nose of the Spiritual Race’s Great Elder, who was kneeling on the ground.

Xu Yi became even more terrified. The Holy Ancestor was furious. What else could they do other than kneel and beg for forgiveness when the Holy Ancestor was angry? The other elders, including those below the main seat, all begged for forgiveness. Their bodies trembled under the pressure of the Holy Ancestor.

After a minute of silence, the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race let out a cold grunt. “If it weren’t for the fact that changing commanders at the last minute is a huge taboo, Xu Yi, I would have let you take a look at the Dragon Slaying Platform today.”

“Holy Ancestor, please spare my life. Please take pity on me.” Xu Yi was terrified!

“In the solar system, the Ji Shui Constellation of the 28 constellations of the Heavenly Court has already returned. Four other orthodox gods are also returning. In the future, more constellations and orthodox gods would return.

“The return of these constellations and orthodox gods would greatly increase the power of the solar system. But at the same time, it would also completely liberate the solar system from its sealed state.

“In the future, other than the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the other small universes of order and various sizes would appear one after another and return to the right track. There was no need for me to explain the importance of the Samsara Small Universe and the four origin small universes. I hope that you won’t disappoint me. Otherwise, hmph!”

After a cold grunt, the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race instantly disappeared. He did not say the consequences, but the consequences were terrifying. At the very least, Great Elder Xu Yi had to make a trip to the Dragon Slaying Platform.

If he makes a trip to the Dragon Slaying Platform, his soul would really dissipate!

“Don’t worry, Holy Ancestor. We will definitely repay you with our lives.” Xu Yi touched his head to the ground. He was really frightened.

In the air, another soft grunt came from the direction where the Spiritual

“The return of the orthodox gods and constellations of the Heavenly Court will definitely bring about the suppression of certain rules, especially in places close to the Heavenly Court. These eight spirit treasures were personally made by me. They can help you resist the power of the rules of the Heavenly Court. If they are used well, they can also help you kill powerful enemies.” “Thank you for the treasure, Holy Ancestor.” First Elder Xu Yi bowed repeatedly.

“From today onwards, you will report the changes in the solar system once a month. You cannot slack off.” The voice of the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual

Race rang out again.

“We will follow the Holy Ancestor’s decree.”

The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race no longer made a sound. Three minutes later, the Great Elder of the Spiritual Race, Xu Yi, who was kneeling on the ground, slowly stood up from the ground and wiped the cold sweat off his forehead.

Pope Qiao An of the Muya God Clan, who was enveloped in holy light, was leading a group of red-robed and purple- robed bishops and bowing in front of the supreme Lord of the Muya God Clan.

Klens was also included.

A minute ago, Klens was still on Planet Meria, which was tens of thousands of miles away. Klens happened to be in the Holy Temple when the Pope’s summons came. Be it the Almighty God or the Pope’s summons, Klens appeared in the towering Holy Temple in the small universe of the Holy Land.

The omnipotent Lord, whose holy light was as blazing as the sun, was looking down at them from above the towering Holy Temple.

“My family and brothers, the start of a new era is imminent. Next, our main target will be the solar system. The disputes with the Great Xi Clan and the

Spiritual Race inside and outside the Milky Way could be postponed. Of course, I believe that you will do better than me in this aspect. Your future will be better.”

Amidst the chanting, countless holy lights sprinkled down. The auras of the red-robed and purple-robed bishops present soared by a large margin.

Facing the supreme Lord, no bishop dared to look up, much less resist. He allowed the holy light to enter his body. However, no one noticed that a few balls of holy light were exceptionally bright.

One of the balls fused into the body of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, causing his cultivation aura to increase greatly.

There was also a rather powerful ball of holy light that had originally landed on Pope Qiao An. However, the holy light on Qiao An’s body swayed slightly and actually pushed away the holy light ball that was about to fuse into her body. In the next moment, this especially shiny holy light ball landed on the golden scepter in Pope Qiao An’s hand.

Pope Qiao An glanced at it but did not move. This holy ball of light fell into her Pope’s Scepter. In an instant, the Pope’s Scepter in her hand became even more dignified.

After the group of bishops thanked the Lord for his generosity in unison, the almighty Lord gave a few more instructions. With a wave of the holy light, the bishops who had gathered disappeared again.

Only Pope Qiao An walked out of the towering temple on her own.

Seeing that he had appeared in the Holy Temple of Planet Meria again, Bishop Klens felt like a dream. Suddenly, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, could not suppress his reverence for the Lord. He knelt on the ground and prayed quietly to the statue of the Lord.

In the small universe of the Holy Land, after Pope Qiao An walked out of the towering Holy Temple, the huge shadow in the void slowly condensed into a normal human shadow. He supported his chin with his hand and assumed the posture of a thinker.

After a long time, the omnipotent Lord of the Muyas suddenly sighed softly..

“Are we really the true wielders of all of this? Why do I feel that everything has not developed in the direction I hope for?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1