Chapter 1462 - 1462: Eternal Battle Of Eradication

Chapter 1462 - 1462: Eternal Battle of Eradication

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Milky Way, Planet Meria.

When the statue in the Holy Temple emitted a dense holy light, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, who was enjoying the service of a few young and beautiful believers in the room, suddenly opened his eyes.

With a wave of his hand, the three beautiful female believers serving him fainted on the spot. The moment he put on his purple robe and tidied his clothes, Klens appeared in front of the statue of the temple and bowed piously. “Supreme Lord, it’s my honor to finally see your heroic bearing again.”

It was also at this moment that various clergymen continuously gathered behind Klens. Those pious believers and fanatics also gathered and bowed. The holy light on the statue of the Holy Temple was even stronger. This dense holy light pierced through the sky, passed through the galaxy, and finally gathered in the body of the phantom above the small universe of the holy land of the Muya God Clan.

For a moment, holy light burned in a portion of the Milky Way and illuminated the void.

“My children, I’m with you. I’ve been here!” A grand voice echoed inside and outside the Holy Temples of the Muyas on various planets. Countless Muyas had tears on their faces at this moment. Those Muyas who usually spoke nonsense and were disrespectful knelt there at this moment and trembled non-stop.

The glory of the Lord had reappeared!

On the other side of the Milky Way, the dim starry sky suddenly lit up. A ball of starlight slowly bloomed. The phantom of the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor stood in the void like a god, as if he was looking down on the entire Milky Way.

A grand voice sounded in front of the figure of the Lord of the Muyas.

“Hei Yang, what’s the point of always playing such tricks? It’S not like we don’t know what little money you have.” The Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor sneered.

“My subjects need not Imow of my existence,” Hei Yang said. “Also, the Hei Yang you mentioned is my past. The current me is the present.”

Just as they were arguing, a ball of energy suddenly exploded in the sky above another galaxy in the Milky Way. The shadow of a giant of the Great Xi Clan suddenly lay across the void and looked in their direction.

“Look, this is the real liar! The people of Yuan are the pitiful ones.” Hei Yang pointed at the phantom and laughed.

“You and Yuan are both hypocrites!” The Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor scolded bluntly.

“It’s been so many years. Every time we meet, you guys will talk nonsense. Is there any point?” The voice of the Great Xi Clan’s Yuan sounded.

“Then why don’t we have a battle?” The Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor seemed to have a violent temper.

“Hmph, if you have the strength, you should save it to deal with those people. The power of those people is already waking up, right?” Yuan sneered.

“Awaken? I’ve been searching for so many years, but why can’t I find the place where their power sleeps?” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race finally got back to the point.

“To be honest, up until now, I still don’t understand if those people are asleep or dead!” The Lord of the Muyas asked. The scene returned to normal.

This question made Yuan and the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor fall silent at the same time. If they could confirm it, they would not have continuously issued holy oracles over the years, ordering their people and believers to constantly rush into the solar system to explore in various ways.

“Actually, the answer should be revealed soon. The orthodox gods and the 28 constellations in the Heavenly Court are beginning to return. All of you should have seen it, right?” Yuan said.

“That’s right. The answer is about to be revealed. The last final battle will finally happen! After this battle, it will be revealed who can last forever and control the heavens,” the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race said.

“Then what do you think of our chances of winning this battle?” When the Lord of the Muyas asked this question, his voice was low. There was a faint hint of fear. “The chances of winning?” Yuan sneered. “Could it be worse than before?”

“After all, previously, we…” The Lord of the Muyas hesitated.

This made the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race a little angry. “Hei Yang, you’re still that coward after so many years!”

“Hmph!” The Lord of the Muyas sneered. “This is called caution!”

“Both of you, we all succeeded in such a terrible situation 3,000 years ago! Now, even if they have recovered, what can they do with a little backup? We should definitely win this battle! ” Yuan said with grit.

“It’s a pity that the solar system has been made like an iron bucket by them! Even if we want to barge in, we will have to pay the price of never being able to recover. We can only wait for their power to slowly dissipate.” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race was looking in the direction of the solar system.

“The power of so many stars inside and outside the Milky Way has been transported to the solar system by them. It has to be terrifying! However, to be honest, these people in charge were a group of true lunatics. They clearly know that it’s a bottomless pit, but they still have to fill it in!” Yuan said.

“That’s why I’m worried,” the Lord of the Muyas said leisurely again.

“Then let’s be more cautious,” Yuan said.

“This is also the reason why I revived and gathered you.” At this moment, the holy light of the Lord of the Muyas shone. It had a different deep look.

“What?” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race looked over.

“All these years, our three races have almost beaten our brains out in the Milky Way, right? This kind of war is inevitable. However, they were about to wake up. The Stars of the Heavenly Court and the orthodox gods had already begun to return.

“Compared to the battle of the Great Dao between us, the battle with the wielders is the true battle of the Great Dao! After all, the Great Dao between the three of us still had the possibility of coexisting.

“However, in the battle of the Great Dao between the three of us and the wielder, there was only life and death! Whether it was us or the Great Dao, we had to completely destroy the other party if we wanted to survive.

“Otherwise, we and our Great Dao will eventually die out!” the Lord of the Muyas said seriously. These words made sense. Yuan and the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race nodded at the same time.

“Then what do you mean?” Yuan took the initiative to ask

“Send out your holy decrees, oracles, and revelations! Get the little fellows below to start pushing forward with all their might. At the same time, form an alliance and cooperate to deal with those guys. We’ll talk about other things after we completely obliterate all traces of their existence, or rather, create a passageway for us!” the Lord of the Muyas said.

“After fighting for so many years, is it possible to suddenly form a full-scale alliance and cooperate?” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race sneered.

“We don’t pursue intimacy! At the very least, we can get the little guys to cooperate on a large scale. Yuan, your descendants’ style of doing things is really similar to yours. You can actually cooperate with the Blue Star humans!” Hei Yang looked at Yuan.

“They have to survive, right?” Yuan chuckled and did not waste any time. He said, “Since our opinions are the same, I’ll give a revelation. A full-scale alliance and cooperation? Of course, we have to prevent you from stabbing us in the back.”

“I hope it works.” After Hei Yang sighed in pity, Yuan, Hei Yang, and the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor took action at the same time. Countless lights began to reflect towards the planets that were affected by the radiation of their bodies’ energy.

Almost at the same time, be it the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, or the higher-ups of the Great Xi Clan, they were all stunned. The holy decree, revelation, and oracle were given to them at the same time.

On Planet Meria, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, was also stunned when he saw the oracle suddenly announced by the statue. It had been many years since the Lord had such a direct oracle.

Was the battle starting? Was it an all-out battle? Was the legendary Eternal Battle of Eradication finally about to begin?

However, this was the understanding of the higher-ups.

On other planets, countless Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race were celebrating because their supreme existence had displayed a miracle, a sage, and enlightenment. Their supreme existence was still around and had not forgotten them..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1