Chapter 1467 - 1467: Killing Gu Teng (1)

Chapter 1467 - 1467: Killing Gu Teng (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Pass down my military order to surround and annihilate this person.” When the military order was issued, Gu Teng pointed at Xu Tui with a gesture. He wanted the 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court to work together to kill Xu Tui.

To be honest, they could kill ten of Xu Tui, let alone just one of him now. With so many elites, the power of a collective battle was too terrifying. It was not just Gu Teng. Following Gu Teng’s military order, the remaining 10 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan retreated to make way for the guards.

After all, in their eyes, although the guards of the Heavenly Court looked similar to them, they were like consumables. They would rather have a hundred Heavenly Court guards die than a clansman of the Great Xi Clan.

This was also the purpose of Gu Teng’s previous actions. The remaining 10

Great Xi clansmen who were about to attack Xu Tui logically retreated. All of them wanted to watch the show. They wanted to watch Kaedo, who was also Xu

Tui, be blasted into pieces by the guards of the Heavenly Court.

Gu Teng had the same thought.

These 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court were his greatest reliance in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. In an instant, the 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court moved in unison. Their auras locked onto Xu Tui.

However, just as the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan were looking forward to it, a seal with the head of a leopard suddenly soared into the sky behind Xu Tui’s head.

A blue-gold light shone down and enveloped Xu Tui.

“How dare you? The Star Lord is here. Hurry up and retreat. Do you want to rebel?”

The shout caused the 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court who had just locked onto Xu Tui to tremble at the same time. All of them retreated in panic, and their auras were extremely chaotic.

In the Heavenly Court, it was a serious crime to offend a superior. Even the deputy generals had to look up to the 28 Star Lords. Any of the 20 Star Lords had a position equivalent to the great commander of the guards of the Heavenly Court. They were not someone they could compete with.

It was not something that the position of commander could compete with. If Gu Teng had obtained the seal of the great commander of the Heavenly Court’s guards, they would still be able to resist the 28 Star Lords.

However, Gu Teng was only given the position of commander.

Gu Teng was stunned. The remaining Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan were also stunned.

Xu Tui shook his mind power. A large number of figures suddenly appeared opposite Gu Teng and the others. This figure was led by Cai Shaochu from the Huaxia Sector. The moment he suddenly appeared, he charged over with a murderous aura.

The Illusory Reality of Spiritual Concealment!

This time, Gu Teng was so scared that he peed his pants.

Cai Shaochu’s strength was Six Satellites to begin with. His strength was comparable to the Seven Satellites. He had also brought more than ten Planetary realm experts to attack. Coupled with Xu Tui, their group was probably not enough.

He wondered if the Heavenly Court could attack Cai Shaochu and the others.

Would Kaodo’s Star Lord Seal prevent the guards of the Heavenly Court from attacking Cai Shaochu and the others?

With this mentality, Gu Teng gave another order. “Pass down my military order to surround and annihilate the Blue Star Humans.”

This time, Xu Tui did not interrupt. The elite                 of the Heavenlv Court also

charged toward the experts of the Huaxia Sector led by Cai Shaochu.

The remaining 10 Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan surrounded Xu Tui.

Gu Teng also personally charged towards Cai Shaochu. He had to deal with this group of people first. Otherwise, all his previous efforts would be in vain if Kaedo fell into the hands of this group of people.

Up until now, Gu Teng had not discovered Xu Tui’s disguise. Although he felt that there were many abnormalities in Kaedo, time was tight, so he did not think too much about it.

Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas, and Bao Zhang silently charged out of the Ji Shui Temple. They used their strongest attacks from behind to attack the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan.

Before this, Xu Tui had already calculated their combat strength carefully. What kind of target could be killed in one strike?

He had to severely injure the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan with this attack.

The strongest, Bao Zhang and Belas, surrounded and killed a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan.

Under the sneak attack, the Six Satellites’ Bao Zhang and the low-level Five Satellites’ Belas instantly killed this Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse on the spot.

It was mainly because their attention was completely focused on Xu Tui and the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Huaxia Race who had just appeared. They did not notice anything behind them.

Kitawan, Lang Xu, and Feng Ran focused their fire on the other Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse under Gu Teng the moment they came out.

It was three against one.

And it was a sneak attack!

So there was no suspense in the outcome.

Even though this Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great XI Clan had a shocking reaction and did his best to save his life at the critical moment, he could only protect his mental body and secondary energy core. The energy core and other physical bodies were all shattered.

He was seriously injured and lost his combat strength on the spot.

As for Xu Tui, he had directly transformed into a 30-foot-tall Earth Body. The Mountain Seal had been condensed into a Mountain Flying Sword. In his mind, the new Supernova of the Blizzard Domain had long been included in the Vajra’s main force field.

All the power in the Vajra Force Field increased the power of the Mountain Nova.

The two-star halo of the Mountain Nova instantly expanded to three-star halo.

The Golden Mountain Flying Sword whistled and broke through the energy defense of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse who was defending with all his might. It accurately passed through the core of his mental body in a destructive manner.

Instant kill!

In an instant, another Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan died or lost his combat strength..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1