Chapter 1469 - 1469: Advanced Military Position?

Chapter 1469 - 1469: Advanced Military Position?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Gu Teng’s aura in his mental perception completely dissipated. Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief. His tense nerves finally relaxed.

Gu Teng had seen too many of his methods. If he could not kill him, his identity as a spy would probably be exposed. There was a connection between the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas.

To be honest, Xu Tui did not have absolute confidence in killing Gu Teng before the battle. What surprised Xu Tui was that the God Slaying Sword that he had high hopes for had been blocked by Cobalt Teng. He was not injured at all.

This made Xu Tui not even dare to use the Small God Slaying Sword. If he had used the Small God Slaying Sword, he would have instantly consumed more than half of his mind power. And if Gu Teng was still unscathed, then Xu Tui was about to cry.

In this battle, Xu Tui had actually used all his abilities and methods to the extreme.

For example, the Blizzard Domain. For example, Xu Tui had thrown out 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals to strengthen the Blizzard Domain and use it to increase the power of the ice seal. For example, the unknown Vajra Secondary Force Field’s enhancement. He did not use the enhancement of the red fire slip However, Xu Tui had directly activated the holy power in a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to increase the power of the ice seal.

After being sealed by the ice, Gu Teng had actually become a live target. What was left was to be blasted to death by Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword a few times.

With the three enhancements, he managed to kill the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Gu Teng. It had to be known that within the Muyas, most of them would use the power in their personal holy tokens or the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to increase their attacks and defense.

However, how did they use it?

The holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was enough for them to increase their strength ten or even a dozen times.

Xu Tui used it all in one go. As for the directional enhancement of the Vajra Secondary Force Field, it was even rarer. As for spending money, such a divine-level method could not be used by non-rich people.

After Xu Tui spent money to transcend the heavenly tribulation and break through last time, the 200,000 Origin Crystals in his hands had decreased to 127,000 grams.

He had more than 120,000 Origin Crystals now. His assets had decreased drastically.

Therefore, under such circumstances, it was normal for Xu Tui to kill the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Gu Teng, with the strength of a Three Satellites that had seven star halos.

According to his initial plan, Xu Tui had no intention of using the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

After Gu Teng was killed, the remaining four experts of the Great Xi Clan fled. Before they could start to escape, one of them was killed by Bao Zhang and the others.

Xu Tui only fluctuated his mind power three times in a row. The three ice seals instantly exploded. There was no need to completely seal them. As long as he stopped them, they would die. Moreover, under the enhancement of Xu Tui’s blizzard domain, he could easily freeze the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses without using the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

There were no Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses left in the Great Xi

Clan.

He killed it easily.

Xu Tui did not dare to relax when he saw how easily Bao Zhang, Kitawan, and the others had surrounded and killed the remaining Great Xi Clan members. Instead, he kept activating the Star Lord Seal and looked at the 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court warily.

He was afraid that the 100 elite guards of the Heavenly Court would go berserk on the spot because of the death of their commander. That would be too much.

“All of you, retreat. This is in front of my Ji Shui Temple. Why are you gathered here?” Xu Tui shouted softly. At the same time, he activated the Star Lord Seal. The Star Lord Seal shone brightly, causing fear to appear in the eyes of the guards.

They glanced at the frozen Commander Gu Teng and could only retreat first. They did not have Xu Tui’s abilities and did not know about the life and death of Commander Gu Teng.

“Bring these corpses back to the hall.” Xu Tui shouted. Thirty seconds later, when Bao Zhang, Kitawan, and the others brought 13 corpses of the Great Xi Clan into Ji Shui Temple, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief.

Xu Tui and the others felt immense pressure from the 100 guards of the Heavenly Court, three of whom were Seven Satellites and 15 were Six Satellites. They only felt a little safer when they returned to Ji Shui Temple.

Lang Xu looked the most miserable at this moment. His body was in tatters and most of it was damaged.

They had no possibility of repairing the corpses of the Heavenly Court guards.

Xu Tui casually threw out the corpse of the captain for Lang Xu to replace. Lang Xu’s combat strength instantly recovered.

This scene shocked Bao Zhang. His clansman had extremely complicated methods. Not only did he have a tactical strategy, but he also seemed to have a wide range of methods. Could someone get a captain so casually?

“Sir, this is the seizure.” Kitawan sent Xu Tui a large number of hexagonal energy blocks. They were all found on the corpses.

There were no Origin Crystals. This made Xu Tui, whose wealth had decreased drastically, feel a little helpless. This harvest was not good.

“Can you try and see if you can use this energy block?” Xu Tui said to Kitawan.

Kitawan nodded happily and tested it on the spot. He looked a little surprised as soon as he tested it. “Sir, not only can we use the energy blocks of the Great Xi Clan, but we also seem to…

“What else?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“The energy here can also be used to strengthen our bodies,” Kitawan said.

“Oh?” This time, Xu Tui was surprised. He had obtained a large number of energy blocks from the bodies of the Heavenly Court guards that he had killed previously. However, these energy blocks could only recover the energy in the bodies of the Heavenly Court guards. They could only be used for battle and could not be used for cultivation.

However, it was a pleasant surprise that the energy blocks he obtained from the Great Xi Clan could be used by the guards of the Heavenly Court to cultivate. In other words, if they could obtain a large number of energy blocks from the Great Xi Clan, Kitawan and the others could also continuously cultivate and strengthen themselves.

Of course, they had to have a fixed body.

Xu Tui thought about it and put away the energy blocks of the Great Xi Clan. He was not in a hurry to let them cultivate. Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others had only obtained the corpses of the Five Satellites Captains.

It was not too late to let them cultivate and strengthen themselves after they obtained higher-level corpses.

Unfortunately, he did not capture Gu Teng alive.

Xu Tui’s original intention was to capture Gu Teng alive and obtain the commander seal from him. That would solve many problems. However, using all his enhancement methods to kill a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was already Xu Tui’s limit.

Xu Tui did not dare to capture him alive. That was playing with fire. If he did not play it well, he would die. With a thought, the ice seal on Gu Teng’s body immediately shattered.

Almost at the same time that the ice seal on Gu Teng’s body was undone, a tiny seal that was glowing with a white light and filled with killing intent instantly soared into the sky from Gu Teng’s head. It was about to escape.

It fled in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate camp.

Xu Tui realized what it was in an instant. This was definitely commander seal, who could let one become the commander of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

At that moment, Xu Tui was enlightened. It could also be considered an experience.

Previously, when Xu Tui had trapped and killed Günter, the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace that Günter had refined had escaped. At that time, Xu Tui had used the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace in his body to restrain it under Little Six’s guidance.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not instinctively use his mind power to restrain it. Instead, he subconsciously injected his mind power into the Star Lord Seal and suddenly activated the power of the Star Lord to restrain the seal.

As expected, the commander seal that was about to escape stopped in place under the restraints of the divine might of Star Lord Seal.

However, it only stopped in place.

Xu Tui felt that it was just a restraint. He could not refine it and could not control the commander seal of the Heavenly Court guards. The killing power of the seal of the Heavenly Court was too great.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the red fire slip. Previously, with the help of the red fire slip, he had quickly refined the Star Lord Seal. In that case, could the red fire slip assist him in quickly refining the seal?

The answer came immediately.

It could not.

He used his mind power to bring along the red light of the red fire slip and surged toward the commander seal. Not only did there not be any movement, but Xu Tui’s mind power was also killed by the killing intent of the commander seal.

This seal was very fierce.

Seeing this, Bao Zhang could tell that Xu Tui was refining the seal. He quickly said, “Sir, there’s still a possibility of slowly refining the seals of the various Star Lords and orthodox gods of the Heavenly Court. This was because the various Star Lords, orthodox gods, and other clergy paid attention to inheritance, opportunities, and so on.

“As for the seal of the Heavenly Court’s army, they have to have an edict or a high-level military appointment. Otherwise, no one can casually refine the army’s seal.”

Xu Tui nodded. He could only temporarily retract his mind power. That made sense. However, it was not good to use the Star Lord Seal to restrain the commander seal. The consumption of mind power was quite large.

“Little Six, can you control it?” Xu Tui immediately thought of Little Six, a strange guy, since he could not refine it.

According to Bao Zhang, it had to be a high-level military position. Little Six definitely did not have a high-level military position. Could it be that Little Six had once had a high-level military position?

This made Xu Tui a little confused.

“You obtained the seal of the commander of the Heavenly Court?” Little Six was very surprised. “I don’t know if I can refine it. I have to try.”

“I can’t enter the Southern Heavenly Gate. Go to the edge of the camp.” Xu Tui felt that he should be careful if he barged into the Southern Heavenly Gate camp without orders. He might be surrounded by the other guards of the Heavenly Court who were on duty.

“Okay!”

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui brought Bao Zhang, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas to the edge of the Southern Heavenly Gate camp. Little Six had already patrolled the entrance of the camp with his subordinates and was waiting here.

Since there was no commander in the camp, it was very convenient for Little Six to move.

Xu Tui pointed at the commander seal which was trapped by the divine might of the Star Lord Seal. In the next moment, the colonel that Little Six had possessed immediately collapsed to the ground. An extremely powerful mental fluctuation pounced toward the ball of light in front of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui controlled the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal to open a small gap and let Little Six’s mental body enter.

Thirty seconds later, the commander’s seal trembled. It retracted its soaring killing intent. As it spun, Little Six’s voice sounded. “It’s done.”

Xu Tui was elated when he heard that. He immediately contacted Cai Shaochu..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1