Chapter 1479 - 1479: When I Have To Be Exposed

Chapter 1479 - 1479: When I Have to Be Exposed

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After entering the Purple Night Saint Realm, dense Origin Energy assaulted his face.

The energy in the Purple Night Saint Realm was actually thicker than outside the Moon Gate, which was also the interior of the Heavenly Court. Even when he breathed, what entered his body was energy.

This was definitely a holy land for cultivation. Compared to this place, the energy-gathering cultivation base that Xu Tui had set up on Planet Peach was nothing. If he could set up an energy gathering array here, the cultivation effect would definitely be impressive.

After entering the Purple Night Saint Realm, Neff should have a very clear goal, or rather, a map. There were palaces in the Purple Night Saint Realm. Every palace occupied a large area and had a majestic aura. Most of the palace was enveloped in boundless clouds, adding countless mysteries and immortal aura.

It seemed that the destination that Neff was about to reach was not close. He kept leading the team at high speed. While he was running, Xu Tui contacted Little Six once and specially asked him about the Purple Night Saint Realm and the Moon Gate.

Unexpectedly, Little Six could answer this question this time. He said that he had entered and left in the past.

Little Six also gave an answer to Xu Tui’s description. In the ancient times, entering and leaving the Purple Night Saint Realm was also a qualification. Anyone who could enter and leave the Purple Night Saint Realm freely was an ancient powerhouse.

However, not all powerful beings could enter and leave the Purple Night Saint Realm.

Those who had reached a certain level, such as those who had reached the level of a Small Universe or were close to it, could enter and leave the Purple Night Saint Realm after being verified by the Purple Night Sacred Gate.

The other kind of people who could enter and leave the Purple Night Sacred Gate was those who held the high-level seal of the Heavenly Court.

However, there was a difference.

For example, the Gumyas who held the high-level seal could also pass through the Purple Night Sacred Gate. However, every time they had to pass, the Purple Night Sacred Gate would spontaneously report to the officer on duty and record it.

There was only one possibility that he could use a drop of blood essence to open the Purple Night Sacred Gate—a human descendant who held the high-level seal of the Heavenly Court!

In other words, he had to be an existence who had completely refined the high-level seal of the Heavenly Court and had human bloodline.

The high-level seal of the Heavenly Court that Little Six mentioned was not an ordinary item.

At the very least, the three seals that Xu Tui currently had, the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, and the Huo De Star Lord Seal, were not high-ranking official seals.

However, the Huo De Star Lord Seal was already at the top of the mid-grade Heavenly Court’s seal.

In other words, according to Little Six’s judgment, the mysterious person who had taken out his blood to open the passageway of the Purple Night Sacred Gate must have the bloodline of the Blue Star humans. He must have completely refined a high-level seal of the small universe.

The level of this high-level seal was definitely higher than the Huo De Star Lord Seal that Xu Tui had refined.

Was that the Lord of Myths, Ullr?

At this moment, Xu Tui was a little confused. Under normal circumstances, no one could completely refine a high-level seal of the Heavenly Court so quickly. Or rather, they had methods that Xu Tui did not know about.

This time, Neff led everyone for more than 30 minutes and stopped in front of a mountain of clouds. The clouds were endless like a mountain. It looked rather imposing. However, why did he stop in front of the clouds?

“Kaedo, take out all your seals.” While Neff ordered Xu Tui, he also took out a seal that he had obtained previously. Xu Tui followed his orders. “Inject your mind power into your seals separately. Remember, focus on your Huo De Star Lord Seal. Then, use the aura of the three seals to probe into the clouds.” Neff explained in extreme detail.

Xu Tui did as he was told. In the next moment, with the Huo De Star Lord Seal and the other two seals as support, a total of four lights gathered into a pillar of light and entered the cloud mountain.

In an instant, the cloudy mountain dissipated.

A towering mansion that was like a mountain instantly appeared in front of everyone. A plaque that had suddenly appeared instantly shone brightly. Not only did no one dare to look at it directly, but it also made Xu Tui have the urge to worship it on the spot.

In fact, it was not an urge to worship. It was a real worship.

It was fine since Xu Tui and Neff had the seals. Other than Xu Tui and Neff, everyone behind them, including Bao Zhang, Xiang Zhi, Yang MO, and the others, knelt on the ground the moment they saw the plaque. Their auras were instantly restrained to the extreme.

At the same time, the words “Shenxiao Prefecture” appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. The moment the words ‘Shenxiao Prefecture’ appeared, Xu Tui instantly felt grateful to the two teachers, Bian Yuan and Qu Qingshan.

Back then, in order to comprehend the Mountain Formula, Qu Qingshan had asked Xu Tui to read more when he learned the abilities of the School of General Senses. Bian Yuan had provided Xu Tui with a large number of ancient books.

Half of them were ancient books from the Huaxia Dao Sect. Furthermore, because of the status of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, many of the books they obtained at that time were not available in ordinary libraries.

Therefore, Xu Tui had a better understanding of the legends and Daoism of Huaxia.

The Shenxiao Prefecture was the residence of Heavenly King Yuqing in the

Huaxia Dao Sect. Its full name was also Shenxiao Yuqing Prefecture. Heavenly King Yuqing was also known as the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He was one of the six rulers.

The leader of the six rulers was the legendary Jade Emperor who controlled the Heavenly Court!

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole in Shenxiao Prefecture was definitely one of the top leaders of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui felt a chill run down his spine the moment he understood all of this.

Did the Muyas want to obtain the Great Emperor’s Seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole?

Xu Tui did not know about the seal that Neff had taken down. However, the soutnern Dipper ‘l’rue Lord seal and tne soutnern Huo De Star Lord seal were definitely planned by the Muyas. Otherwise, the combination of the four seals would not have allowed the Shenxiao Prefecture to appear so easily.

“Continue and pay your respects again!” Neff said.

Xu Tui followed his instructions. He had an idea. So what if he opened the door? If the Great Emperor’s Seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole appeared, Xu Tui was confident that he could refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole first with the red light in the red fire slip.

He could be considered to have picked the peach that the Muyas had been plotting for a long time. At that time, if the Muyas knew many of his true identity, the plan creator would probably vomit blood. After paying such a huge price, he was actually taken advantage of by a Blue Star spy.

It felt good to think of such an outcome.

Therefore, Xu Tui did as Neff asked and did not cause any damage.

Following Neff’s request again, Xu Tui injected his mind power and activated the three seals to shoot out light into the door of Shenxiao Prefecture. At the same time, he activated the three seals to slowly approach.

Moreover, according to Neff’s request, it was an attitude that requested an audience.

This situation lasted for about ten seconds. The plaque of Shenxiao Prefecture suddenly cast a beam of light. After it landed on the four seals, the door of Shenxiao Prefecture suddenly opened.

Inside the open door, he could see the innermost hall from afar. There was a huge seal slowly blooming with a five-colored light. The color was a little dark.

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. This was the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Why was no one guarding it?

Unlike the other seals, there were guards like the Gumyas. From the looks of it, he could start refining if he rushed in.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he thought of this. He activated the three seals as he strode forward. He wanted to step into the Shenxiao Prefecture and refine the Longevity Emperor’s seal first.

Xu Tui felt that there was a high chance that there was no danger. The door to the Shenxiao Prefecture had already been opened. Moreover, Xu Tui still had the seals of the Huo De and Southern Dipper. He was not in much danger.

He had to refine it first. Whoever was faster would be considered the winner.

Just as Xu Tui was about to step into the Shenxiao Prefecture, Neff, who was at the side, suddenly took a step forward and blocked in front of Xu Tui. Then, he stared at Xu Tui with a warning gaze. “Kaedo, step back.”

Xu Tui was stunned. However, as the gazes of the Muyas from all directions gathered on him, Xu Tui could only obediently retreat.

“Kaedo, this seal is the goal of our trip. It will be a great contribution to obtain it! Furthermore, it is extremely important to us. Lord Xiliude had previously indicated that I had to refine this seal! Therefore, don’t interfere in this refinement.” After saying that, Neff added, “Moreover, I think that you should refine the three seals in your hands to a higher level as soon as possible. Otherwise, when we go back, Lord Xiliude might ask you to give up one of them.”

Neff’s words were both a reminder and a warning. Moreover, it was not just a verbal warning. Following Neff’s voice, Xiang Zhi, Yang MO, Bunet, Lally, and the other Planetary realm experts all turned their attention to Xu Tui.

Among them, there was Neff’s leadership and jealousy. Xu Tui instantly understood that Neff had made up his mind not to let him touch the South Pole Heavenly King Seal.

“Alright, according to the previous arrangements, stand guard and defend for me. After I refine and collect this seal with all my might, you will receive great contributions and benefits. Kaedo, go over there and find a safer place to speed up the refinement of your seal.”

It was obvious that Neff was worried about Xu Tui. Before he entered the Shenxiao Prefecture, he had even specified a location and mission for Xu Tui so that Xu Tui would not go in and refine it first.

Then, Neff stepped into the Shenxiao Prefecture.

The other Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms spread out within a five-kilometer radius and patrolled in advance.

Xu Tui slowly walked to another corner and glanced at the door, especially when Lally was staring at him. Xu Tui roughly knew that Neff must have specially instructed him not to let him in.

If he could not enter, could he just watch as the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, one of the six rulers of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, fell into the hands of the Muyas?

He can’t do it!

That would not do!

Xu Tui made a decision after thinking about it for a minute. His identity as a spy had reached a point where he had to be exposed. Of course, he had to make good use of it before he was completely exposed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1