Chapter 1470 - 1470: You Know Too Much

Chapter 1470 - 1470: You Know Too Much

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Little Six had easily refined the commander seal. This made Xu Tui even more puzzled. What kind of high-level military position had Little Six received back then? He could even easily refine and control the commander’s seal.

It had to be known that according to the military system of the Heavenly Court guards, commanders were usually experts at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. It could be a human at that time or a golden-armored puppet.

However, he was definitely a mid- to high-level general. In that case, Little Six’s military position back then was probably not simple.

However, Little Six, who had refined the commander seal, felt a little awkward. He had returned to the body of the colonel with a commander seal. His military might was clear, but he was not strong enough.

“Are there any corpses of the Eight Satellites’ golden-armored puppets in the Southern Heavenly Gate camp? Or are there any commanders of the Eight Satellites?” Xu Tui asked.

“I took the opportunity to patrol several times, but I didn’t find the corpses of the other commanders of the Eight Satellites. The commanders, including the great commanders, seemed to have disappeared. I saw the great commander’s tent, but the restrictions and military law are strict. I can’t enter,” Little Six said.

“In that case…” Xu Tui turned around and looked in the direction of the Ji Shui Temple. It was not appropriate for Little Six, a commander, to possess the body of a colonel. It was very easy to be killed.

In that case, the few deputy generals with Seven Satellites in the Southern Heavenly Gate Army were Little Six’s best choice. Not far from Ji Shui Temple, there were still 100 elite guards waiting.

These Heavenly Court guards seemed to have received the orders of a high-level general previously. Then, without any follow-up, they would stay where they were and be a little stupid.

However, this made it a little easier for Xu Tui to do things.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui and the others brought Little Six into the Ji Shui Temple.

Xu Tui started to set up again after he entered the Ji Shui Temple. He continued to spend money. He smashed down 5,000 grams and spent another five minutes creating a blizzard domain where the cold wind whistled and water turned into ice.

At the same time, the Vajra Secondary Force Field controlled the Mountain Nova and enhanced the Blizzard Domain Nova.

In the next moment, Little Six went out and used his status as the commander of the Southern Heavenly Gate to call a deputy general who was carrying out military orders into Ji Shui Temple.

After this deputy general entered the Ji Shui Temple, Little Six ordered him to stand in a space of ice that had been prepared beforehand and instantly cast an ice seal.

The Seven Satellites’ golden-armored puppet only had the combat strength of the Six Satellites.

Xu Tui had made ample preparations beforehand. He then led it to the designated combat position. It was very easy for the ice seal to succeed. After smashing the mental hammer seven to eight times, Xu Tui used his mind power to invade it. He wanted to control the mental body and trigger its self-destruction program.

With a bang, his mental body exploded. The corpse of the Seven Satellites turned into an empty shell.

Little Six instantly entered. With the help of the commander’s seal, Little Six could control it freely in 30 seconds after he entered. Ten seconds later, Little Six, in the body of a deputy general, used his status as the commander and called a Seven Satellites into the Ji Shui Temple.

This time, it was even easier than the last time.

This was because this time, Commander Little Six had taken action.

The corpse possessed by Little Six was also a guard at the Seven Satellites. However, the combat strength that Little Six could unleash was clearly stronger than those standard Seven Satellites.

After obtaining the second corpse of the Seven Satellites, Little Six directly used his status as a commander to appoint Kitawan as a deputy general.

Kitawan successfully entered the corpse of the Seven Satellites. It was only three minutes later that he was able to familiarize himself with the corpse of the deputy general and control it. In these three minutes, Little Six had already lured the third deputy general into the Ji Shui Temple one by one. He first sealed them with ice before triggering their self-destruction.

Then they would obtain the corpse.

Currently, only Kitawan and Lang Xu were the corpses of the deputy general.

Feng Ran and Bolas were the corpses of the colonels. However, Xu Tui still got Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas to refine the corpses of the two colonels.

At the critical moment, it could be used to replace consumption. While he was waiting, Xu Tui called out to Bao Zhang softly. He had experienced everything from Kaedo transcending the heavenly tribulation to breaking through, to killing Gu Teng, to snatching the corpse of the deputy generals.

Bao Zhang’s thoughts of seniority had already been thrown to the back of his mind. Seniority was the least valuable in front of strength. Previously, Bao Zhang felt that he was very qualified with the strength of the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

Now, Bao Zhang only wanted to work hard and get Xu Tui to bring him out. He wanted to completely break through the restraints and regain his freedom.

Xu Tui called him forward. Bao Zhang thought that Xu Tui was going to give him some mission. He carefully waited and listened.

However, in the next moment, Bao Zhang felt a chill run down his spine. In an instant, a bone-piercing cold assaulted him. Layers of ice instantly sealed him. In his fear, Bao Zhang instinctively used his ability to bombard the ice seal. He was fast, but the ice seal recovered even faster.

What was worse was that the indescribable cold was invading his body at an extremely fast speed. He had to use a large amount of power to resist the cold. Otherwise, he would have turned into a lump of ice in a short period of time.

Bao Zhang, who gave up resisting and fought the bone-piercing cold with all his might, asked Xu Tui in shock and fear, “Lord Kaedo, what are you doing? “If I did something wrong, just tell me. I’ll change it. Even if you want to punish me, even if you want me to die, you have to let me die clearly, right?” Bao Zhang was really anxious. He had personally seen Xu Tui use such a method to kill a total of 18 Heavenly Court guards just now. Seven of them were Three Satellites.

Xu Tui looked at the terrified Bao Zhang and slowly shook his head. “Bao

Zhang, to be honest, you did very well. I’m not dissatisfied.” “Then why did you deal with me, Sir?” Bao Zhang became anxious. “Because… you know too much.”

Bao Zhang was stunned. He knew too much? At this moment, Bao Zhang understood. He had experienced many things in the ancient Heavenly Court. It was indeed a problem for him to know too much.

However, he did not know much. Just now…

Suddenly, Bao Zhang reacted. The many doubts he had previously were magnified in his heart.

Why did Kaedo know how to use a sword? Why did he have many methods that the Muyas did not? Why could he control the guards? Questions surfaced in his mind. Bao Zhang understood that there might be something wrong with Kaedo.

But that was it.

He really did not know the specific problem.

Xu Tui shook his head gently when he saw that Bao Zhang had understood. Bao

Zhang did know too much. It was very likely that he would continue to be a spy. If he brought Bao Zhang along, the possibility of him being exposed would be too high.

Therefore, he had to deal with Bao Zhang. Even if Bao Zhang was in the Six Satellites Planetary realm, he had to deal with him. In any case, he was from a foreign race.

Bao Zhang was really frightened when he saw Xu Tui’s expression. Previously, Xu Tui had wanted to kill someone when he appeared like this. This also meant that he was going to kill him. Then, what was the point of him staying here like a puppet for 3,000 years?

He had just seen the dawn of freedom and was about to be killed. His soul would be destroyed. Then, his 300 years of loneliness would have been in vain. He might as well have died in battle 3,000 years ago. He might have been able to charge out.

But now…

After 3,000 years of hard work, Bao Zhang’s courage and ferocity had been mostly worn down. For three thousand years, he was waiting for freedom with every moment. Every moment was to live.

When freedom was about to arrive, he had to be killed. He was exceptionally indignant!

Out of the unwillingness to wait for 3,000 years, or out of the instinct to survive, Bao Zhang blurted out, “Sir, give me a chance. I want to live. I’ll do anything!” Bao Zhang was really anxious.

Xu Tui had wanted to attack and kill Bao Zhang, who knew too much. He suddenly stopped when he heard Bao Zhang’s words. There seemed to be room for maneuver.

“You’ll really do anything I say?” Xu Tui asked.

“Really!” Bao Zhang was overjoyed when he heard that there was a chance of survival.

“Are you willing to betray your race or even attack your so-called brothers?” Xu Tui asked.

As soon as these words were spoken, no matter how stupid Bao Zhang was, he could tell what was going on. He understood a little. There might be a problem with Kaedo’s identity. After pondering for a few seconds, Bao Zhang smiled bitterly and said, “Sir, it’s been 3,000 years. Where did I get my clansmen and brothers? Three thousand years had passed. Even if I recognized them, they might not… remember me. It’s better to… live!”

After he finished speaking, Bao Zhang knelt on one knee toward Xu Tui and said, “Bao Zhang is willing to serve Sir. Sir’s orders are where I was bathed in blood.”

Xu Tui sized up Bao Zhang. This guy was indeed worthy of being able to survive 3,000 years ago. He had some standards. It was not bad to accept him. If he could completely subdue him, it would be even more perfect to use him to confuse the Muyas.

“I can accept your loyalty! However, you should know that this loyalty is useless. I need to plant a Spiritual Mark in your mental body to control you. Of course, as long as you perform well, I won’t treat you badly. You should have seen them. I’m actually quite good to them,” Xu Tui said.

Bao Zhang nodded when he heard that. From his observation, it was indeed quite good.

“Sure. However, Sir, your Ji Shui Star Lord Seal can actually control my life and death. A Star Lord directly controls the life and death of the Star Officials and Deacons under him. As long as I have a divine position, I won’t be able to escape the attack of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal,” Bao Zhang said.

A minute later, Xu Tui understood what Bao Zhang meant. As long as Bao Zhang had a divine position, if Xu Tui controlled the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal to attack him, Bao Zhang would not be able to dodge or withstand it. He would only die.

That was under the premise that Xu Tui had completely refined and controlled the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. But Xu Tui felt that the speed at which his mind power refined the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal seemed to have increased.

At this rate, he would be able to completely refine the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal in a few days at most.

However, this kind of suppressive control was not as convenient as the spiritual mark.

This was especially so for Xu Tui’s current main mind power planet. It had reached seven star halos. He could completely plant a Spiritual Mark in the Six Satellites Planetary realm, Bao Zhang, to control his life and death.

What else could Bao Zhang do but accept this? He had already started to bend his knees to survive. How could he have a bottom line? The bottom line had long been gone the moment he bent his knees.

Three minutes later, Bao Zhang, who had been branded with a spiritual mark, stood solemnly beside Xu Tui again. This time, neither Kitawan, Lang Xu, nor Little Six were on guard against him.

That was because Bao Zhang was already one of them.

“Let’s go. Bring me to the Southern Heavenly Gate camp.” In the next moment, Kitawan and Lang Xu carried Xu Tui. The others protected Xu Tui and flew straight to the Southern Heavenly Gate camp.

As for Xu Tui, he began to purify the Soul Crystals in the quantum dimensional chain as he flew to replenish the negative energy in the God Slaying Sword.

After all, there was nothing wrong with being careful..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1