Chapter 1475 - 1475: Exchanger (1)

Chapter 1475 - 1475: Exchanger (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Neff definitely had a very clear goal. It was certain that the Muyas’ understanding of the small universe of the Heavenly Court was very detailed.

He could actually imagine this.

The inheritance of the Blue Star humans seemed to have been interrupted. At least for the time being, there was no ancient existence from 3,000 years ago.

However, Xu Tui had been undercover among the Muyas during this period of time. He had gathered all kinds of fragmented information that he had obtained. He was certain that the omnipotent Lord of the Muyas was most likely an existence from 3,000 years ago.

Similarly, the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan were probably the same.

Therefore, the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, and the Great Xi Clan all had extremely clear goals after entering the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

For example, after the Great Xi Clan entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court, they secretly controlled the Southern Heavenly Gate and directly rejected the Blue Star humans.

Therefore, it was extremely correct for Xu Tui to think of a way to continue his status as a spy.

As Neff gathered his main force and advanced, Xu Tui realized that the Muya team had actually grown stronger.

Other than Xiang Zhi from the True Lord Nandou Manor, there was another Six Satellites Planetary realm Muya. He should be the predecessor of the Muyas that Neff had saved when he obtained the other Heavenly Seal.

Xu Tui temporarily called him a Gumya.

Other than that, there were also 12 Five Satellites Planetary realm Gumyas following them. However, these 12 Gumyas had chaotic auras and did not have much spirituality in their eyes. They should be people who were controlled by the Heavenly Court.

People like Xiang Zhi, who had listened to their orders, should be following the main group.

This was an extremely powerful force. It was especially useful when they encountered external enemies.

For example, if they encountered a team from the Blue Star, these 12 people with the strength of Five Satellites would be a terrifying combat strength.

Neff led the team for about 15 minutes in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. They encountered two teams of Gumyas, but Neff ignored them and dodged them. He did not even hesitate to have a conflict with one of the teams and did not use the Holy Light Ball to subdue them.

Fifteen minutes later, Neff brought the team to a magnificent palace. Such a palace was rare along the way.

Xu Tui was a little shocked. According to Bao Zhang’s previous instructions, this position should be the manor of the southern Star Lord Huo De.

Was Neff’s target here?

After arriving at the front of the Star Lord Huo De’s manor, Neff gave a few simple instructions. The people under him spread out in all directions and defended the surroundings. Only Xu Tui, Bunet, Bao Zhang, Xiang Zhi, and Yang MO, the three Planetary realm Gumya of the Six Satellites, were left by Neff’s side.

Lally, the officiant, was also assigned to guard the surroundings.

Lally had successfully been kicked out of the core circle by Xu Tui. He had lost the chance to refine the Heavenly Seal.

“Kaedo, use your Southern Dipper True Lord Seal to knock on the door,” Neff suddenly said.

The seal had such a function?

Xu Tui instantly thought of many things. He immediately followed Neff’s instructions and took out the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal. Then, he slowly activated it and landed in front of the entrance of the Star Lord Huo De Manor.

In an instant, an extremely thick screen of light rose. However, the moment it rose, a door appeared because of the light of the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal.

At the same time, Neff’s reminder sounded. “Get ready. When the person in charge comes out, create an opportunity for me if he can kill his way out.”

In the next moment, a bird-headed Gumya appeared at the door of the Star Lord Manor.

The bird-headed Gumya first glanced at the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, then glanced at Xu Tui. He instantly shouted angrily at Xu Tui, “How dare you?

Who are you? How dare you impersonate True Lord Nandou?”

Almost at the same time, Neff shot out a holy light ball first. However, the bird-headed manager was extremely fast. Before the holy light ball exploded, it was incinerated into nothingness by a flame.

Xu Tui was stunned.

At the same time, the bird-headed manager shouted, “There are foreign enemies trespassing. Defense!”

What stunned everyone was that the person-in-charge did not attack. Instead, he chose to retreat into the Star Lord Huo De Manor. Seeing that the door of the manor had just opened was about to close, Neff became anxious.

It was easy to knock on the door with the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal once, but it might not be able to be opened the second time.

However, it was too late for Xu Tui to command.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s performance shocked Neff.

Xu Tui supported himself with the three ice shields enhanced by holy power and the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal. He rushed into the Star Lord Huo De Manor that had not been closed yet.

In an instant, the bird-headed Gumya was furious. He waved his hand, and he and the dozen or so immortals behind him attacked Xu Tui.

At the same time, Neff pounced behind Xu Tui at lightning speed. Two holy balls of light shot out from two different directions and blasted toward the bird-headed manager.

The first holy light ball was still incinerated, but the second holy light ball instantly exploded.

Holy light that was echoing with a strange fluctuation rippled out. The person-in-charge, who was attacking Xu Tui, was instantly stunned.

In the next moment, the holy light ball that had just exploded turned into a beam of holy light and entered the head of the bird-head at lightning speed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1