Chapter 1478 - 1478: The Thoughts Of The Strong

Chapter 1478 - 1478: The Thoughts of the Strong

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The exchanger that Neff found appeared on the other side of the moon door. In other words, he was opposite Neff, Xu Tui, and the others. There seemed to be two worlds separated by a door.

In Xu Tui’s current understanding, it was impossible to cross the moon door in front of him with strength. Even the Eight Satellites Planetary realm Huaxia Swordsman, Shang Long, would not be able to pass, let alone the Bishop of the Muyas, Xiliude.

The restriction of the Moon Gate that led to the Purple Night Saint Realm was too terrifying.

One could imagine how shocked Xu Tui was when the exchangers appeared in the Purple Night Saint Realm on the other side of the Moon Gate. How did they get in?

This group of people were all wearing black standard armor and looked extremelv oppressive. Strangelv, thev were all wearing helmets that had a strong technological feeling. This helmet emitted layers of light, making it impossible to see what the person behind the helmet looked like. It should be to disguise his identity and not be recognized.

However, Xu Tui could tell at a glance that these people were undoubtedly the Blue Star humans. The reason why he made this judgment was because of the helmet.

The characteristics of technology were even harder to change than supernatural power. This was because top-notch technological equipment required countless low-level and mid-level science and technology to support it. This included the most difficult material processing technology to break through.

Therefore, technological equipment was the most difficult to impersonate.

The technology of the Blue Star was completely different from that of the Great Xi Clan because the way they supplied energy was different.

The technology on the Blue Star was also different from that of the Spiritual Race. The technology of the Spiritual Race walked the path of comfort and support. Most of the manufacturing styles came from the Mechanical Spirit Race, so it was very easy to recognize them.

The concealment helmets worn by the group of people in front of him had a low-frequency jammer, preventing their mind power from entering the helmets.

Xu Tui was too familiar with the characteristics of this technology. It was all the technology of the Blue Star Humans.

In other words, the group of people in front of him should be the Blue Star Humans! The possibility that the enemy had engraved it and impersonated it was extremely low. There was no point in doing so at such a critical moment.

Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly shifted. Numbers!

There were 14 people in this group. The leader exuded the faint aura of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The other was a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui had originally thought of The Myth’s disappearing team. However, he felt that it did not match. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, should be a peak Five

Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He did not have the Seven Satellites.

The Myth team that had never appeared outside the Southern Heavenly Gate and within the Heavenly Court were the most suspicious.

Xu Tui had wanted to eliminate the suspicion of the Myth team from the queue. On second thought, if it was the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, then he definitely had the possibility of breaking through to the Six Satellites.

What about the additional Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse? Didn’t the Six Satellites Bao Zhang also appear beside Xu Tui? It made sense that he had another Seven Satellites by his side. In that case, could this Blue Star human team that had come to exchange with the Muyas be The Myth?

“How’s your gain?” Neff took the initiative to speak, but Neff’s question also revealed that he was not too familiar with the people on the other side.

“Didn’t Mr. Xiliude give you an explanation? Why are you talking so much nonsense? Have you prepared what we want? To be honest, you guys are too slow. It took you so long to reach the Purple Night Saint Realm. We’re so bored from waiting!”

The Blue Star humans on the other side were very cautious. Even their voices had been changed by high-tech. Xu Tui could not capture the characteristics of their voices. However, the more careful the other party was, the more Xu Tui could confirm that this team was from the Blue Star.

This was because only the Blue Star humans needed to hide their identities so carefully. The other races did not need it at all. No matter what kind of team it was, as long as they did such a thing, they would be traitors.

They would immediately be surrounded and annihilated by the other forces of the Blue Star. That was why they were so careful.

This was especially so for the helmet. Its goal was to not leave any evidence. It was just like how Xu Tui had already realized that the team opposite him was from the Blue Star. However, what could he do?

He could only know. However, he did not know who the other party was! Even

if they guessed that the other party might be a team from The Myth, so what? It was just a guess. There was still no evidence.

To be honest, Xu Tui’s anger was rising. He had risked his life here and become a spy to fight for all kinds of possibilities. However, some traitors on the Blue Star were still selling out the interests of the entire Blue Star for their own benefits.

At that moment, Xu Tui had already made up his mind. One day, he would definitely kill all the traitors on the Blue Star. Not only did he have to kill all the traitors of the Blue Star, but he also had to nail these traitors to the pillar of shame of history!

“I’m ready.” Neff immediately became obedient after being choked by the other party.

“I want to look at the goods first.”

Hearing this, Neff took out 10 holy balls of light. As expected, they wanted to trade for the Holy Light Ball. Moreover, there were indeed many holy balls of light in Neff’s hand. He easily took out ten of them.

“What about what we want?” Neff asked.

“That’s easy.” As he spoke, the mysterious person opposite him raised his hand. Suddenly, two drops of blood that emitted a strong energy fluctuation flew out from in front of him and floated in front of the moon door.

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. It was blood. Why would the Muyas exchange for the blood of the Blue Star humans?

“How would I know if it can let us through this moon door?” Neff said in silence after watching for a few seconds.

“Two drops. One is for you to come in, and the other is for you to leave. You can come in right now,” the mysterious person on the other side said.

“Alright, how do we trade then?”

“A face-to-face deal, of course.”

“But how can we trade in person through this door?” Neff did not understand.

“Hah!” The mysterious person on the other side chuckled and waved his hand. He walked straight towards the moon gate. Under everyone’s shocked gazes, the moon gate that had erupted with a terrifying restriction was no longer moving.

Under everyone’s stunned gazes, the mysterious person stood at the moon gate as if he had stepped through his own door. The restriction of the moon gate was opened, and the 13 people behind him quickly passed through the moon door.

Neff was stunned. He came over just like that?

“Let’s trade.” The mysterious person brought two drops of blood to Neff and urged him.

Neff hesitated for a moment, but he did not trade immediately. Instead, he asked carefully, “How long can this door that was opened with blood last? Can it allow all of us to pass? Or can it only pass through a few people? Also, are there any other taboos in your blood?” Neff asked.

“A drop of blood essence floating here can open the door for at most three seconds. How many people enter in three seconds will depend on your own abilities. As for taboos, of course. The existence of this drop of blood essence was only 72 hours. Furthermore, external forces were forbidden from entering it. Once any external forces enter it, it will be contaminated and destroyed,” the mysterious person said.

Neff pondered for three seconds before nodding. Blood essence was very important to everyone. It was a very sensitive information carrier. It was normal for there to be such restrictions.

“I’ll give you half of the Holy Light Ball first. We’ll give you the other half after we successfully go over. You can just go over and retrieve it.” Neff did not trust this mysterious person much. He was still very careful.

“Sure,” the mysterious person agreed readily.

Neff began to make arrangements for the pass, but Xu Tui immediately entered the microscopic perception state with his mental perception. At the same time, he activated his spiritual resonance with all his might.

Although their heads were covered by technological equipment, Xu Tui could still sense the frequencies of their mental bodies through his microscopic perception. He could remember the characteristics of their spiritual fluctuations through his spiritual resonance.

After remembering all of this, Xu Tui could guarantee that he would immediately know that they were the same group of people the next time he saw them. He knew that they were the current traitors of the Blue Star!

Of course, this was only Xu Tui’s own identification. It could not be used as evidence. However, Xu Tui was beginning to have the mindset of an expert.

Did he need evidence?

There was no need!

As long as Xu Tui confirmed that they were traitors from the Blue Star, he could use his own judgment to judge them. As for the evidence, he could kill them and find them later. Most people did not notice Xu Tui’s actions. Even the Seven Satellites Planetary realm did not notice him.

However, the mysterious Six Satellites Planetary realm cultivator suddenly glanced at Xu Tui.

“Neff, the people below you are using their mind power to detect me. What do you mean? Do you want war?” the mysterious person suddenly asked.

Neff was shocked. He glanced at Xu Tui and immediately used his gaze to stop Xu Tui. Xu Tui quickly stopped. “I’m sorryu He should be just curious. It’s my fault for not explaining it clearly previously. However, he’s just a small Two Satellites. He can’t sense anything.”

Neff still had some standards. With a few words, the matter was over. This mysterious Six Satellites Blue Star human did not really want to start a war and let it go.

A minute later, after arranging everything, Neff slowly controlled a drop of blood given by the mysterious person and fused it into the moon door. In an instant, a door that only two people could pass through appeared on the moon door.

Whether it was the Planetary realm or the quasi-planetary realm, their speed was extremely fast. Being prepared, their speed was extremely fast, like a line.

In less than three seconds, perhaps a little more than two seconds, the 30-odd Planetary realm experts and nearly 50 quasi-planetary experts on the Muyas’ side passed through the Moon Gate at lightning speed.

Safe!

In the next moment, the blood dissipated, and the moon door closed again. Just as everyone was focused, the mysterious Six Satellites once again brought the Seven Satellites expert and a few Planetary realm experts through the moon door and extended his hand toward Neff.

Neff hesitated for a moment before handing the remaining five holy light balls to the mysterious person.

Seeing this, the mysterious person smiled. “That’s right. You guys are much more straightforward than the Spiritual Race. Those bastards from the Spiritual Race even wanted to play mind games with me, but I taught them a lesson.

“However, I personally suggest that you should hurry up. It has been 15 minutes since the Spiritual Race entered.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that.

The Spiritual Race had also made a deal with this mysterious person. Then it was very likely that it was the Spiritual Race’s ancient jade slip, which was to block the Divine Restriction.

Since this mysterious person had already entered the Purple Night Saint Realm that the Spiritual Race and the Muyas wanted to enter, why did he want their holy light ball and ancient jade talisman?

Why was that? What was the mystery behind this? Xu Tui could not figure it out for a while.

“The Spiritual Race has already entered first?” Neff’s expression changed slightly. He did not expect that he would still be a step slower than the Spiritual

Race. I’m sorry, I’ll leave first!” Neft shouted and left. He led everyone and ran in a direction.

The mysterious leader sneered when he saw this scene. “Sir, do you think they can get what’s inside?” “Of course they can get it.”

“Sir, wouldn’t that be letting them take advantage?”

“It’s one thing to be able to obtain it. Whether they can refine it or not and how long it will take to completely refine it is another matter!” As he spoke, the mysterious person suddenly sighed softly.. “Twenty years, at least 20 years!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1