Chapter 1472 - 1472: Emergency

Chapter 1472 - 1472: Emergency

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The team of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had completely disappeared. This was really strange. Logically speaking, with the strength of a peak-level Five Satellites, lightning-type supernatural being like Ullr, he would not be able to die even if he wanted to.

But now, it was silent.

So he had to be careful. Otherwise, there were terrifying enemies that Xu Tui and the others did not understand in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Or there might be a problem with the Lord of Myths, Ullr, and the others.

He had to be careful if he encountered it.

Xu Tui rejected Cai Shaochu’s suggestion to unite. He decided to continue being a spy.

Although the humans from the Huaxia Sector or the Blue Star had come in, from the looks of it, be it the humans from the Huaxia Sector or the Blue Star, they knew too little about the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

On the contrary, the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, and the Great Xi Clan have their targets.

Xu Tui could not interfere with the targets of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race. However, he felt that he could still get past the Muyas. If he had the chance, he would continue to trick the Muyas.

At the same time, Xu Tui seriously suspected that the Muyas had a higher target. He had to get close to them as a spy.

However, before they separated, Xu Tui got An Xiaoxue to brand her Spiritual Mark on the captive Carrillo that he controlled. He also handed her a total of three corpses of the Seven Satellites.

This way, in an emergency, be it An Xiaoxue or the Huaxia Sector, they would have one more late-stage Six Satellites, and the kind that could be sacrificed at any time. Their safety would soar.

After all, in Xu Tui’s opinion, the current three Planetary realm powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector were still a little weak, even though Cai Shaochu was very strong.

This way, Xu Tui would be much more at ease.

Xu Tui did not have many captives. It would be much more convenient if there were a few more. Unfortunately, the resistance of Planetary realm powerhouses was very firm. It was really difficult to make them give up and surrender.

A few minutes later, Cai Shaochu left with the team. Xu Tui gave Little Six another strategy before leaving with Bao Zhang.

Currently, Little Six only had one greatest enemy—the other commander of the Great Xi Clan, Jin Tai. If Jin Tai brought people back, it was very likely that he would have a battle with Little Six’s team.

In theory, both sides had the same military strength, but there were more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses on Jin Tai’s side. Little Six could not defeat them.

Therefore, he had to come up with a plan in advance.

Unfortunately, the tents of the great commander and the other commanders were protected by restrictions. They could not enter. They could forcefully attack the energy defense. However, if they attacked forcefully, they would definitely attract the siege of the surrounding armies.

Even the lowest-level commander’s tent had an army of 10,000 Heavenly Court guards.

Xu Tui could only leave first. He threw Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas into the quantum dimensional chain. The only one who accompanied him was Bao Zhang.

Xu Tui was going to look for Neff. Before he went to look for him, Xu Tui used the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to contact Neff. As they were all in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, or rather, they were not too far away, it was very easy to contact them.

Xu Tui knew Neff’s current location very well. He could roughly sense their location from the Origin Crystal powder that he had injected into the mental magnetic pillar.

Neff was very surprised and delighted by Xu Tui’s survival. Of course, surprises were greater than delightment. After all, everyone thought that Xu Tui would definitely die under such circumstances.

Not only was Xu Tui not dead, but he had also not become a captive. He had even escaped.

Although Neff was very surprised and curious, he did not ask for the details immediately. Instead, he told Xu Tui his location and asked him to rush over and gather with them. No matter what, it was good to have another force in the small universe of the Heavenly Court without any follow-up power. Xu Tui could not teleport quickly because he was carrying Bao Zhang.

The journey took about 20 minutes.

Xu Tui was still flying in the boundless buildings. It had to be known that with Xu Tui and Bao Zhang’s current flying speed, it would only take them an hour to fly around Planet Peach. However, in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, there were still boundless buildings after flying for more than 20 minutes from the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Just how big was the small universe of the Heavenly Court?

On the way, Xu Tui saw countless courts of the Heavenly Court. According to Bao Zhang’s information, most of them knew which court of the Heavenly Court it was. He even met five to six groups of Muyas who looked different.

Or rather, they were the predecessors of the Muyas like Bao Zhang.

However, Xu Tui did not try any of them. He still had two portions of the Holy Light Ball and the ancient jade talisman in his hand. He had to use them sparingly. Furthermore, he could not use them casually. He had to maximize their value.

During the flight, Xu Tui became more and more familiar with the effects of the Star Lord Seal.

The Star Lord Seal was not only related to power, but it also had a certain effect on mobilizing the Origin Energy of the world in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

To be precise, a clergy seal like the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal had the effect of mobilizing the Origin Energy of the Heavenly Court.

However, the extent of the mobilization was related to the level of the seal, the concentration of energy in the area, and the degree of refinement of the seal.

Currently, Xu Tui has refined the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal to 40%. He could barely increase the concentration of energy within a thousand-meter radius by less than 10%.

This 10% concentration of energv was not verv meaningful to most DeoDle.

However, for the School of General Senses, the increase in the surrounding concentration of energy meant that the ability they materialized could also be enhanced to a certain extent.

The strength of the abilities of the School of General Senses was also related to the concentration of energy in the area. However, this influence was definitely ranked behind mind power and the influence of supernovas.

After a few attempts, the ability of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal to mobilize the energy of the world was a little like a mandatory command.

It was very strong.

Currently, the enhancement to Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal was less than 10%, but it was not bad. According to this situation, if Xu Tui completely refined the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal in the future, this increase would probably reach 20%.

A 20% increase was very impressive!

“Lord Kaedo!” After approaching Neff and the others, Derry, another Four Satellites Planetary realm Muya, and 10 quasi-planetary experts were on guard around Xu Tui.

The two of them were extremely surprised by Xu Tui’s survival. Derry did not dare to ask, but the Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse exclaimed, “You broke through! Mr. Kaedo, not only did you escape, but you also broke through to the Planetary realm.”

In an instant, it caused the Muyas nearby to exclaim. In this short moment, Xu Tui had already finished communicating with Derry and obtained an important piece of information. Neff, Bunet, and the others had already brought them to take down the second Divine Duty Hall of the Heavenly Court.

Currently, they have just entered the Divine Duty Hall of the Heavenly Court. As for what kind of Divine Duty Hall it was, his status was not high enough. It could be seen from the fact that he had been sent to the edge to be on guard.

However, it was very likely that Neff, Bunet, and the others were refining the seal of the Divine Duty Hall of the Heavenly Court in front of them.

“Alright, I have an emergency. I have to report it to Lord Neff!” Xu Tui did not have the time to waste with the Muya. He wanted to enter, but he was stopped by the Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“Mr. Kaedo, although you managed to escape, you have to obtain Mr. Neff’s permission…”

“Is that so?”

In the next moment, Bao Zhang suddenly appeared in front of this Muya. His powerful Six Satellites Planetary realm aura scared that Muya.

Xu Tui took the opportunity to rush in. He could not stop him even if he wanted to.

Xu Tui had just rushed a thousand meters into the hall and walked around to the main entrance of the hall when he realized that Neff, Bunet, and the others were surrounding a large seal and refining it with all their might.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly tightened..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1