Chapter 1471 - 1471: Pass And Strange

Chapter 1471 - 1471: Pass and Strange

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had seen what it meant to be able to cover the sky with one hand, what it meant to have strict military rules, and what it meant that mice will play when the cat’s away.

Other than Little Six, there was no other commander or officer above the commander level in the entire Southern Heavenly Gate camp.

The commanders of the Southern Heavenly Gate camp and above, as well as the generals of the south, had mysteriously disappeared.

Therefore, Little Six, the commander, had the highest military position.

However, the strictness of military law was also reflected here. Even though Little Six had the highest military position, the only people he could command on a large scale were his subordinates.

There were barely 10,000 Heavenly Court guards.

As for the other commanders’ camps, Little Six could easily enter with his status as a commander. However, he could not give any military orders or mobilize the troops.

This was also the reason why the Great Xi Clan’s Gu Teng and Jin Tai could only control two commanders.

They could not mobilize the troops. Instead, they discovered a bug-like opportunity.

As the commander, Little Six could not mobilize any troops other than his main forces. In other words, Little Six’s military orders could only be passed through the main forces.

However, if Little Six summoned the deputy generals of the other troops for questioning alone and only asked questions that did not involve military operations, these deputy generals of the Heavenly Court would come over.

After all, Little Six had a status of a commander and those questions did not involve military orders.

Therefore, under Little Six’s orders, the deputy generals lined up to enter the commander’s tent. Then, they were easily subdued by Xu Tui, Bao Zhang,

Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others. Then, there was the standard procedure.

Subdue, control, and obtain the entity of the deputy general.

Soon, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas, and Carillo each changed into the bodies of the deputy generals. Each of them had prepared at least two spare corpses.

From start to finish, Xu Tui had asked Little Six to lure a total of 16 deputy generals over. He easily lured them over.

Two of the corpses were even stripped of their golden helmets and armor by Xu Tui.

The defensive ability of the standard armor of the deputy general not only exceeded all the standard armor made by the Blue Star Humans that Xu Tui had seen, but it could also adapt to the size of his body. It also had a certain level of defense against mental attacks.

If he injected enough energy, it would be able to block the full-powered attack of Kitawan and the others, who were also in the bodies of the deputy generals. It was roughly equivalent to blocking the full-powered attack of a peak-level Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Why was it the peak of the Six Satellites?

After obtaining the corpses of the deputy generals, Xu Tui conducted a basic test on the strength of Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and the others in a short period of time.

He realized that he was not as optimistic as before.

That obtaining the corpse of the Seven Satellites’ deputy general would allow him to unleash the abilities of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui had also thought of the reason why the captains they possessed could unleash the strength of a Five Satellites.

Previously, most of their mental bodies were already close to the Five Satellites. Therefore, after obtaining the corpse of the Five Satellites Captain, they could immediately unleash the combat strength of a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

However, after taking over the corpse of the Seven Satellites, there was a huge difference in the cultivation of their mental bodies. Naturally, they could not fully unleash the power of the corpse.

What surprised Xu Tui was that after Little Six obtained the corpse of the Seven Satellites’ deputy general, the combat strength he displayed was that of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

It should be because Little Six’s mental body was powerful.

With Little Six as the commander, it would be very easy for the Blue Star Humans trapped outside the Southern Heavenly Gate to enter.

After Commander Little Six forcefully asked his subordinates to take over the city defense, the Blue Star Humans were let in in the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Actually, Xu Tui had specially discussed something with Cai Shaochu before he let them in. Should he let in all the teams from the Blue Star? How about letting only the teams from the Huaxia Sector or related friendly teams? After all, who knew what these guys would do if they let the teams from the American Sector and the India Sector enter the Southern Heavenly Gate?

Xu Tui was a little unhappy. However, Xu Tui still decided to let them all in after communicating with Cai Shaochu.

Firstly, it was for the current situation and secondly, for the future.

The current situation was very simple. If they treated each other differently now, the Blue Star Alliance that was originally not close would probably disintegrate in front of them. The teams that could not enter the alliance would probably have a mental breakdown on the spot when they saw the other teams enter. It was hard to say what they could do.

It was better to let them in. Whether it was dispersing the enemy’s strength, sharing the blame, or obtaining something, it was fine. No matter what, he was still a human from the Blue Star. The higher-ups of the other sectors were not stupid. Even if they really defected, what else could they do other than be inferior?

At the same time, letting them in would allow him to control the uncontrollable factors.

Secondly, it was for the future.

Both Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu have preliminary thoughts for the future. However, if they wanted to succeed, they had to make plans early. Letting them in was one of the plans. After letting these people in, Xu Tui returned to his original appearance and met these people.

The moment he met everyone, be it Haren, Augusto, Anrevich, Ganjiv, Huang Gu, and the others from the India Sector, they surrounded Xu Tui and asked him a question at the same time.

They asked Xu Tui how he obtained control of the Heavenly Court’s defense forces. All of them were extremely anxious. Ruan Tianzuo was also very anxious. However, because of Cai Shaochu or because he was in the Huaxia Sector, he did not surround him.

The Planetary realm experts from the other sectors surrounded Xu Tui anxiously.

However, from the perspective of a bystander, so many experts were surrounding Xu Tui and asking him questions. They already had the intention of forcing him.

“Everyone, would you believe me if I said that it was a coincidence and could not be replicated?” Xu Tui smiled.

It had to be said that the Planetary realm powerhouses of the India Sector were very stubborn. Even though Itavi had mysteriously disappeared, he did not learn his lesson.

Ganjiv, the strongest Five Satellites Planetary realm expert in the India Sector, became anxious. “I don’t believe you! If you want us to believe you, tell us the method and process.”

Xu Tui glanced at Ganjiv. The aura around him fluctuated slightly. The aura of the Two Satellites Planetary realm charged toward Ganjiv.

Ganjiv’s heart skipped a beat.

Although Xu Tui was only a Two Satellites, he had publicly killed a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse when he was in the quasi-planetary realm. It could not be speculated with common sense.

However, he glanced at Haren, Augusto, and the others behind him. He felt that these people should be his strong backing, so he continued to ask.

“Xu Tui, as an ally, I think that you should reveal this key information in detail,” Ganjiv asked again.

Xu Tui’s expression turned cold. His gaze charged toward Ganjiv like a blade. “Ganjiv, did I go through so much trouble to let you in so that you could interrogate me about these irreplicable details? If that’s the case, I think it would be a better suggestion to ask you out.”

In the next moment, Little Six, who was standing beside Xu Tui, and the other deputy generals took a step forward at the same time. Their killing intent locked onto Ganjiv.

Ganjiv was shocked, but he did not retreat. He also had a strong backing. He felt that his request was actually very reasonable.

Just as he was about to fight head-on, Ganjiv suddenly realized that both sides were empty at the same time. When he turned around, he saw that Haren, Augusto, and the others had already retreated and distanced themselves from him.

They looked like they were not in cahoots with him.

Ganjiv froze. However, this fellow’s expression changed extremely quickly. He forcefully opened his face like a chrysanthemum and turned it into an extremely gentle smile.

“Since it can’t be replicated, we won’t ask! We have to thank Mr. Xu for his strong support this time. If not for Mr. Xu, we would definitely not have been able to successfully enter the Southern Heavenly Gate this time. We will definitely reward you heavily after we return to Ceres. However, at this moment, we can only pay our highest respect to Mr. Xu’s contribution.” As he spoke, Ganjiv led a group of experts from the India Sector and bowed to Xu Tui in public.

They bowed 90 degrees. They looked like they wanted to turn their waists into 120 degrees.

Xu Tui was stunned. Damn it, his attitude changed faster than flipping a book. How shameless! He had been fighting head-on just now, but now, he had placed his face on the ground and stepped on it.

Impressive.

Xu Tui had already made his decision. Since the students from the India Sector were so stubborn, Xu Tui would teach them an unforgettable lesson. He wanted to chase them out of the Southern Heavenly Gate again and see how strong their heads were.

However, Ganjiv had changed so quickly.

Xu Tui felt that Ganjiv might even kowtow to him. Was he still the top expert in the India Sector? He could not flare up anymore. Of course, it was not that Xu Tui could not bring himself to do it.

Xu Tui had long learned how to turn against someone if he really flared up. He also knew how to be shameless. Today, letting him in could be considered as laying the groundwork for the future. Letting them in together could be considered a shield for the Huaxia Sector team. After all, it could distract the enemy.

Although he was tidying up, Xu Tui still gave him some basic information. There were so many official seals in the Heavenly Court. How could Xu Tui

alone take them? It was better to fall into the hands of the Blue Star humans than into the hands of outsiders.

Five minutes later, other than the team from the Huaxia Sector, the teams from the other sectors all left the Southern Heavenly Gate camp under the guidance of the team sent by Little Six.

Xu Tui had another gift for the team from the Huaxia Sector.

There were a total of 13 people from the Huaxia Sector. Xu Tui had each prepared a set of standard armor for the guards of the Six Satellites Heavenly Court. This should be able to greatly increase their survivability.

After a brief exchange with Cai Shaochu, Cai Shaochu reminded Xu Tui again.

Up until now, none of the Blue Star Human teams had seen or contacted the Myth Lord, Ullr’s team.

This was very strange!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1