Chapter 1474 - 1474: The Real Target Of The Muyas?

Chapter 1474 - 1474: The Real Target of the Muyas?

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Neff and Lally looked at the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal dancing with the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal in a daze. Surprise and disappointment were written all over their faces.

However, Neff quickly composed himself.

Although he had not refined the slightly higher-grade Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, in terms of the overall plan, refining the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal in such a short period of time would be beneficial to their plan.

Next, he had plenty of opportunities to expand his personal benefits.

Neff’s gaze swept past Xu Tui. He could not help but feel a little envious. He was really a guy that made people jealous. Not only did he obtain the attention of Lord Klens and Lord Xiliude, but he also obtained two seals of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

With such a harvest, as long as Kaedo could return alive, his future would be limitless.

Of course, if he could successfully complete this mission, his future would be limitless when he returned. He might even be able to squeeze into the true decision-making level.

“Kaedo, see if you can open the restriction in the hall. We need to search. Hurry up and refine it,” Neff shouted.

Xu Tui pretended to try, but he did not activate the restriction in the hall.

Currently, he was already rather familiar with the functions of the Heavenly Seal. He activated the power in the red fire slip and quickly refined the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal to 10%.

Yes, this was the Southern Dipper Lord True Seal.

When Xu Tui refined it to 5%, a lot of information automatically surged into his mind. The official system in the ancient Heavenly Court was complicated. The levels and jurisdiction were a little chaotic, but some levels were still very clear.

For example, True Lord Nandou was almost at the same level as Divine Lord Meng Zhang, the superior of Star Lord Ji Shui. In terms of status, he was higher, but in terms of combat strength, he was lower.

However, there was no doubt that the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal was one level higher than the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal that Xu Tui had refined previously.

Xu Tui had an obvious feeling about this after he stopped the enhancement of the red fire slip.

When a normal mind power was immersed and refined, the speed at which it refined the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal was much slower than the speed at which it refined the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal.

Lord Nandou was one of the lords of the Wu Dou. He had six Star Lords under him, who were Siming, Silu, Yanshou, Yisuan, Du’e, and Shangsheng. This was the information that appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

However, he could not discover anything from this information.

Xu Tui’s ancient legend of Huaxia was very different from the true small universe of the Heavenly Court.

For example, the so-called Heavenly Soldiers and Heavenly Generals of the Heavenly Court were actually golden-armored puppets that were under control. Furthermore, its control was extremely precise.

In that case, did Neff get lucky this time, or did he specially find it? It would be fine if it was the former. If it was the latter, the Muyas might have a plan that Xu Tui did not know about.

“Congratulations on mastering the True Lord’s seal! In the future, when you completely refine the True Lord’s seal, you will be able to find the seals of the other Star Lords and confer the title of a new Star Lord.”

Suddenly, a Muya man with a long elephant trunk walked out of the True Lord Manor and congratulated Xu Tui.

“This is Senior Xiang Zhi, the senior who taught us previously,” Neff introduced.

Xu Tui glanced at Xiang Zhi. A Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse

Where they had disappeared to was currently a mystery. Those who were left behind should be Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses like Bao Zhang and Xiang Zhi.

Xiang Zhi felt a little uncomfortable with Xu Tui’s coldness. However, when Bao Zhang respectfully appeared behind Xu Tui and saw Xu Tui put the Ji Shui Star Lord into his body, Xiang Zhi instantly changed his expression.

Even if he was saved, before he completely obtained his freedom, the other Star Lords’ seals still had a pressure on him. Especially in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

An accident happened when Xu Tui put the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal back into his body. Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui could only put the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal back into his body. He could not put the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal that he had just refined into his body.

Xu Tui also stopped using the red light in the red fire slip to continue refining the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal. Judging from the current situation, he still had to preserve some of the red light in the red fire slip.

However, the moment the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal entered his body, the red fire slip and the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal bloomed with light at the same time. It actually produced a little traction towards the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal that had only been refined by 10%.

It seemed to be guiding the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal into his mind.

Xu Tui was stunned. Was he pulling a team? Or was it because the refinement rate of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal had already reached 35%?

Xu Tui did not dare to display this abnormality in front of everyone. He put the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal into his holy power bag in front of everyone.

However, when he put it into the holy power bag, he changed his mind power slightly. The Southern Dipper True Lord Seal was guided into his mind by the red light of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal and the red fire slip.

In an instant, a wisp of starlight suddenly flew out of the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal and entered Xu Tui’s red fire slip.

This time, Xu Tui learned his lesson. He immediately used his mind power to observe the red fire slip. He understood immediately. Before this, in order to deal with the crisis, Xu Tui had filled the red fire slip with the negative power of the God Slaying Sword through the purification of the Soul Crystal.

As the starlight of the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal was injected, Xu Tui’s red fire slip’s God Slaying Sword became empty again.

Due to the abnormal situation previously, Xu Tui specially remembered the situation of the God Slaying Sword very clearly. Therefore, he immediately found the change. The overall size of the God Slaying Sword had increased. It had increased by nearly 10% compared to before. Even the red fire slip had changed and become thicker than before.

This made Xu Tui come to a conclusion. Could the red fire slip be related to the ancient Heavenly Court? Otherwise, why would it be strengthened after refining the Heavenly Court’s seal?

If the red fire slip would continue to be strengthened when Xu Tui absorbed and refined enough Heavenly Court Seals, the power of the God Slaying Sword would probably grow to an extremely terrifying extent.

“Kaedo, how long will it take for you to set off again?” Since the other restrictions in the True Lord Nandou Manor could not be opened, Neff could not wait any longer. However, he still asked about Xu Tui’s condition before he set off. After all, Xu Tui had just “hardly” refined the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal.

“I need ten minutes.” Xu Tui casually reported the time. He also needed to adjust his condition and think at the same time. “By the way, Lord Neff, do we have a specific target next?” Xu Tui asked.

“Just follow me later.” Neff did not answer directly, but he was basically certain that there was! This might very well mean that the Muyas had come to the small universe of the Heavenly Court with ample plans. They would not be like the Blue Star humans who had come to try their luck.

“By the way, Lord Nett, when I fled, I saw the people ot the Great Xi Clan, who were guarding the area, let the Blue Star humans in.” Xu Tui threw out a bomb.

As expected, Neff, who was still sitting on the ground to recover his strength, stood up in shock from this news. “Is the Great Xi Clan crazy? Why did they let the Blue Star humans in? Are they looking for trouble?”

After being shocked, Neff looked at Xu Tui and said, “Kaedo, did you see this with your own eyes?”

“Sir, it’s absolutely true!”

“The bunch of puppets from the Great Xi Clan are indeed the most unreliable,” Neff cursed as he paced around. He said worriedly, “If the Blue Star humans come in, we have to speed up. Complete our plan as soon as possible. Otherwise, there will be changes.”

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he heard that. He quickly said, “Lord Neff, I feel that the Blue Star humans seem to be very stupid. Previously, they were trapped outside the Southern Heavenly Gate like headless flies.

They seemed to know nothing about the internal affairs of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“I think that even if the Blue Star humans come in, they should not be able to pose any threat to us. Actually, I think that if we have the chance, we can also take the opportunity to hunt a portion of the Blue Star humans to reduce the threat in the future,” Xu Tui suggested sincerely.

Hearing this, Neff shook his head. “This matter is not as simple as you think! The humans of the Blue Star were trapped outside the Southern Heavenly Gate previously because of the Great Xi Clan and because military law was strict. However, it’s a little different within the Heavenly Court.”

“How is it different? I feel that we seem to be very relaxed.” Xu Tui continued to ask.

At this moment, Xu Tui was no longer afraid of being suspected. Who dared to suspect after he had sacrificed himself previously? Besides, Neff would not easily suspect him when he had two Heavenly Seals. The cost of suspecting him was too high.

“You don’t know, but the Heavenly Court here was purely established by the Huaxia humans in the beginning. Later on, it continued to expand and fight. Only then did it rule billions of miles of the Star Field. However, many of the official positions in the Heavenly Court originated from the Blue Star or Huaxia. They will have a natural opportunity if they enter. It will depend on their luck. ”

At this point, Neff stopped talking. Instead, he urged, “Hurry up. We have to hurry.”

“Okay!” Xu Tui nodded and thought carefully for a few minutes.

Although Neff basically did not reveal any information, if he thought about it carefully, he still revealed some key information. Of course, it could also be understood that Xu Tui’s actions since he entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court had completely gained Neff’s trust.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui used the colony of Tri Ling Ding to send a message to Cai Shaochu. “Principal, those roots or Deity Positions originate from the official seal of the Heavenly Court in Huaxia. Try your luck. The possibility of obtaining something is higher.

“For example, the 12 Yuan Chen, the Four Blasphemy Dragon God, the Mountain God, and so on,” Xu Tui gave a suggestion.

As for the location, Xu Tui had given Cai Shaochu a sketch that he had obtained from Bao Zhang when he met him previously. After informing them of all of this, Xu Tui slowly stood up to express his agreement.

“Let’s go!” Neff did not waste any time. He led the team in a certain direction.

He had a target!

Neff had a definite target!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1