Chapter 1476 - 1476: Exchanger (2)

Chapter 1476 - 1476: Exchanger (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In an instant, the bird-headed manager shuddered. His eyes suddenly became more lively. ‘You guys… Did you come back?” While he was puzzled, he had already stopped the attack of the immortals behind him.

However, in this split second, Bao Zhang, Xiang Zhi, Yang MO, and Bunet had already attacked with all their might and killed four immortals from the Star Lord Manor.

It might be because of their intelligence, but the combat strength of the immortals of the Star Lord Manor were the same as the guards of the Heavenly Court. Although they were at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, their combat strength was not as high as the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

They had no choice but to kill them. No one knew how long it would take to control the person in charge. If they did not think of a way to reduce the enemy’s number first, they would definitely be the ones to suffer later.

After the bird-headed manager recovered his clarity, the battle immediately stopped.

Neff looked at Xu Tui, who had begun to treat his injuries with his holy power, with approval. Then, he communicated with the person-in-charge. Xu Tui’s performance was much better than Lally’s previous performance.

As for why Xu Tui was injured?

The reason was very simple. Xu Tui had faced the attack of the person-in-charge with the strength of a Six Satellites just now. Although he did not use his full strength, it was still very sharp.

Even with the enhancement of the holy light, Xu Tui found it very strenuous when he could only use his ice-type ability to defend. Of course, if it was the Vajra Barrier, Xu Tui would probably be unscathed. But Xu Tui was a spy, he had to pretend.

A minute later, the person-in-charge opened the door and let Neff, Xu Tui, Bunet, and the others into the manor.

Everyone also knew the name of this bird-headed Gumya. His name was Xuan Tan.

With Xuan Tan leading the way, the three of them entered the vast manor. They saw another seal in a main hall with a door that was opened.

This was the seal of the Star Lord Huo De. This seal was completely fiery red. Its color was a little dark, but it was larger than the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal.

Could it be that the size of the official position in the ancient Heavenly Court was also related to the size of the seal?

The next thing was to refine the seal.

Neff glanced at Xu Tui and Bunet and called out, “Let’s refine it together. Refining it at the same can vaguely increase the refinement speed of the others. Time is tight. Whoever refines it will control it.”

Immediately, Bao Zhang, Xiang Zhi, and the others stood guard at the periphery. Xu Tui, Neff, and Bunet began to refine it. Currently, Xu Tui felt that he had to preserve his identity as a spy. Therefore, he could not fight too openly.

The refinement began. Xu Tui said, “Lord Neff, I feel that the Southern Dipper

True Lord Seal seems to be able to help me speed up the refinement.” Neff’s gaze shifted and he nodded. “That’s a possibility. Try it out.”

“Okay!”

Xu Tui was a little surprised by Neff’s permission. Neff was more generous than Xu Tui had imagined. Or did he have a more important goal? Regardless of whether the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal had the effect of accelerating the refinement, Xu Tui sent the red light in the red fire slip into Huo De Star Lord

This was even if Xu Tui deliberately controlled the time. He did not want to arouse the suspicion of others too quickly. Ten minutes later, Xu Tui had refined 1% of the Huo De Star Lord Seal. The aura after the refinement directly rejected Neff and Bunet’s mind power.

Neff and Bunet were pleasantly surprised. Xu Tui’s performance was too eye-catching. In terms of quantity, Xu Tui had already grasped three Heavenly Seals.

Xu Tui’s importance increased again.

Neff was fine. Even though Bunet had a good relationship with Xu Tui, he was still a little jealous. He also wanted a seal.

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui, who had refined 10% of the Huo De Star Lord Seal, slowly began to control the newly obtained seal. Perhaps it was because the level of the Huo De Star Lord Seal was rather high, but Xu Tui had used a total of 15 strands of red light in the red fire slip to refine it to 10%.

At this moment, there were about 15% of the red light in the red fire slip left, which was less than 20 strands.

While they were waiting, Xu Tui seized the time to refine a few more grams of

At this point, Xu Tui had also refined the Huo De Star Lord Seal.

Just like before, when Xu Tui secretly absorbed the Huo De Star Lord Seal into his body, another red stream of light flew out of it and landed into the red fire slip.

The God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip increased by more than 10% this time.

In terms of enhancement, it was a little greater than the enhancement of the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal. Not only did the patterns on the red fire slip become clearer, but even its size had become a little larger. It had a three-dimensional feel.

This made Xu Tui even more puzzled. What was the background of this red fire Slip?

At this moment, the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, and the Huo De Star Lord Seal were spinning around Xu Tui’s mental body, while his mental figure was stepping on a red fire slip.

The four lights intertwined and connected. Xu Tui’s mind power was dynamically diffused.

Under such circumstances, the refinement of the three seals was constantly deepening..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1