Chapter 1473 - 1473: Successful Insertion

Chapter 1473 - 1473: Successful Insertion

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the main entrance of this unknown hall, Neff, Bunet, and Lally were strengthening and refining a huge seal.

A Myriad Thoughts Holy Token appeared behind them, strengthening their mind power. However, it was obvious that the progress was relatively slow. Refining the Heavenly Court’s seal was still relatively difficult.

It might also be because they had just begun to refine it. Xu Tui could sense that they had yet to refine this unknown Heavenly Seal.

However, Xu Tui had just arrived when the Four Satellites Muya behind him, who had been frightened by Bao Zhang’s pressure, came to his senses and shouted a warning.

“Lord Neff, I can’t stop Kaedo from barging in with a stranger!”

This warning immediately angered Bao Zhang. Bao Zhang might have wanted to show his loyalty and kill him, but Xu Tui stopped him with a mental voice transmission.

The Muyas on guard nearby, including Neff, Bunet, and Lally, looked at Xu Tui at the same time. Bunet was overjoyed and exclaimed, “Oh my god, Dear Kaedo, you’re still alive. That’s great! The blessings of the Lord are really everywhere.”

Lally also had a surprised expression. Neff had already known that Xu Tui was still alive. He was not too surprised now. However, he was stunned after taking a look.

“Kaedo, you… you broke through to the Planetary realm?” Neff exclaimed.

“Lord Neff, I did break through. At the critical moment of life and death, I was quite lucky and broke through. Moreover, the energy here is extremely dense. It allowed me to break through to the second level of the Planetary realm continuously,” Xu Tui said loudly.

As soon as he said that, the Muyas around him, including Neff and the others, were a little surprised. There were also many people who were envious and jealous.

Even Gabe had the same emotions. He had continuously broken through to the rlhvvo Satellites Planetary realm. His strength could be said to have increased exponentially on such a foreign battlefield. More importantly, the status of a quasi-planet officiant and a Two Satellites Planetary realm officiant was completely different.

Even if the former was valued by Lord Xiliude, he was only a quasi-planet. However, the status of an officiant at the Two Satellites Planetary realm who was valued by Lord Xiliude was completely different.

Currently, Neff had the highest status in the exploration team sent by the Muyas, followed by Bunet, and then the Officiants Lally and Carillo.

Carillo disappeared without a sound. Now, the third person in this team was Lally. At this moment, Lally felt a strong threat. This threat came from Kaedo’s various situations.

For example, Kaedo, who was a quasi-planetary, had the combat strength to fight a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. For example, Kaedo was valued by Bishop Xiliude and even praised by the purple-robed Bishop Klens.

And now, Kaedo was already at the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

Lally felt that his status was being rapidly threatened. Perhaps, in the future operations, Kaedo would be qualified to refine the Heavenly Court’s seal. That was a threat.

At the thought of this, Lally’s mind raced. He asked anxiously, “Kaedo, we want to know, under what circumstances did you escape? You weren’t captured, were you?”

Lally wanted to make an issue out of this and cause others to continue targeting Xu Tui.

Xu Tui shook his head to himself when he heard that. The higher-ups of the Muyas, who were also within the Holy Temple, had long learned the habits of internal strife among the higher-ups of the Blue Star.

This was actually a good thing for Xu Tui. He felt that in the face of the level of internal strife on the Blue Star, the internal strife of the Muyas was still at the intermediate stage. It was too direct.

“Lally, do you think that I should have died in battle and escaped? Did my sacrifice at that time be exchanged for your doubts?” Xu Tui retorted.

It made Lally speechless. It was not easy to answer. Even Neff felt a little embarrassed.

“Kaedo, he should be just curious! Welcome back, our hero, Kaedo!” Neff, who was refining, expressed his welcome. His gaze suddenly turned to Bao Zhang and his eye-catching appearance.

Xu Tui replied with a smile. His mind was also working at high speed. He was considering how to participate in the refinement of the seal. It would be a loss if he had to watch helplessly as the seal was refined by any of the three of them.

However, it was a little difficult to participate out of thin air. There were at least ten Planetary realms and dozens of quasi-planets between him and Neff and the others.

“Kaedo, who is he?” Neff was curious. He suddenly asked about the identity of Bao Zhang, who was behind Xu Tui.

“Are you referring to Bao Zhang?” Xu Tui pointed at Bao Zhang behind him. He suddenly had a thought. He had a chance.

“Yes, this looks like an expert of our race, and a Six Satellites at that, but I’ve never seen him before.” Actually, Neff already had an answer in his heart, but he did not dare to believe it.

“Mr. Bao Zhang should be a predecessor of our Muyas! I met him when I was escaping and obtained his help. That was how I managed to escape. That was how I entered the Ji Shui Temple and obtained the chance and time to break through.” Xu Tui explained his escape and break through briefly.

Hearing this, Neff and Bunet’s pupils constricted. “The ancestors of our Muyas!

Ji Shui Temple! There should be a Ji Shui Star Lord Seal in the Ji Shui Temple. Kaedo, do you see it? Did you try to refine the seal?” Neff said anxiously.

At this moment, every seal was very important. This involved the final key plan. Xu Tui smiled to himself when he heard that. That was what he had been waiting for.

“Is that what you mean, Lord Neff?” Xu Tui activated his mind power and the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal immediately flew out from behind his head. The moment it flew out, the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal shone brightly.

Then, the glowing Ji Shui Lord Seal suddenly flew toward the seal in the hall. Xu Tui exclaimed at the same time, “Lord Neff, what’s going on? Why is this Star Lord Seal not under my control? It’s about to fly toward the seal.

“It… It’s still guiding me!” Xu Tui exclaimed. His body seemed to be guided by some force as he staggered toward the hall in front of him.

Some of the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Muyas who were blocking Xu Tui avoided him, some were at a loss, and some stood firmly in place.

Neff, Bunet, and the others were also shocked by this accident.

“Refine into your body? Kaedo, how far have you refined the Star Lord Seal?

You can actually refine it into your body?” As Neff exclaimed, he looked at Xu

Tui, who was being guided by an inexplicable power, and gave another order.

“Move aside and let Kaedo in. The rest of you, continue to be on guard.”

The human wall in front of Xu Tui successfully moved aside. Bao Zhang wanted to follow in to protect Xu Tui’s safety, but Xu Tui, who was in an uncontrollable disguise, shouted, “Bao Zhang, you don’t have to come in. I’m very safe. Be on guard outside!”

“I will follow your instructions.” Bao Zhang followed Xu Tui’s orders very well.

This scene had a different meaning in the eyes of Neff and Bunet.

If the Six Satellites followed Kaedo’s orders so obediently, then Kaedo’s identity and status would be completely different. He could even be on equal footing with Neff in terms of value.

Before Neff could think through this scene, a light blue divine light suddenly shot out from the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal that had just rushed forward and enveloped the inexplicable seal.

“Lord Neff, it… This Ji Shui Star Lord Seal seems to be helping me refine this seal. What… what should I do?” Xu Tui still looked panicked.

Neff looked at the light that enveloped him and frowned. The other seal suddenly rose from his chest, but there were no abnormal signs. There was nothing unusual about the Star Lord Seal.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. Neff and the others had already refined a Heavenly Seal.

Neff wanted to use the Heavenly Court’s seal that he had refined to see if there was any situation similar to the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. The answer was clearly no. While Xu Tui was still thinking about the reason, Neff had already found a reason for himself.

“Why doesn’t the seal I refine have such an effect?” As he spoke, Neve shook his head. “It should be because I haven’t refined it enough. I can’t even refine it

into my body.” After saying that, Neff turned to look at Xu Tui and said, “Kaedo, participate in the refinement too. Perhaps your Ji Shui Star Lord can help us refine the seal faster.”

With Neff’s permission, Xu Tui’s mind power openly poured out. He also began to surround and refine the Heavenly Seal.

Originally, Xu Tui’s idea was to use his mind power to forcefully insert and refine it if Neff did not want to. He would tell the public that it was guided by the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. Even if Neff was unhappy, he did not dare to go overboard.

After all, Bao Zhang with a strength of Six Satellites was standing behind Xu Tui. At the same time, Bunet and Xu Tui’s relationship could be said to be that of life and death. It would be even more perfect if Neff agreed now.

As for Lally, he could only watch sourly when Xu Tui revealed the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal and Bao Zhang. He no longer had the right to interrupt.

While Xu Tui’s mind power began to refine the unknown Heavenly Court’s seal, he also took out a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. He used the holy power inside to increase his mind power to speed up the refinement.

The four of them refined it with the enhancement of their holy power. Their auras were very chaotic and complicated.

Silently, Xu Tui used his mind power to wrap around a red light of the red fire slip. It surged toward the unknown seal. In the next moment, the unknown seal trembled slightly. Xu Tui’s mind power was the first to seep in.

At this moment, Xu Tui had a grasp of the refinement state.

Neff and Lally’s refinement progress was the fastest. A wisp of mind power had already seeped into them, but they were still a distance away from controlling it.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony. He sent out five red lights in a row. In just a few minutes, Xu Tui’s refinement of the seal had reached about 5%.

He had a certain level of control.

At the same time, he activated his mind power slightly. The power within the unknown seal was slightly activated. In an instant, it shook out the mind power that Neff and Lally had already seeped into.

“What’s going on? Why has my mind power been counterattacked?” Lally exclaimed. He desperately wanted to refine this seal, but now, he had to make ducks and drakes of it.

Neff was also shocked, but he knew more and had more experience. He instantly turned to look at Xu Tui.

“Kaedo, did you successfully refine it?” Neff exclaimed.

“Lord Neff, I think I’ve succeeded. My mind power seems to be able to guide the seal slightly.” Xu Tui looked confused.

Neff was stunned. Lally asked in shock, ‘Why… why did you refine it so quickly?”

There was no need for Xu Tui to answer. Bunet, who was at the side, had already found an answer for Xu Tui. “Lord Kaedo defeated me when he was in the quasi-planetary realm. And now, he’s in Two Satellites Planetary Realm, his strength has increased greatly, and his refinement speed is fast. I think that it should be very normal. Otherwise, how could Lord Kaedo be valued by Lord Klens and Lord Xiliude at the same time?”

Lally was stunned. Neff was relieved.

Xu Tui secretly praised Bunet. What a godly teammate! The forceful insertion and refinement was successful!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1