Chapter 1477 - 1477: Exchanger (3)

Chapter 1477 - 1477: Exchanger (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In just an hour or so, the refinement level of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal had increased to 40%. The refinement level of the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal had increased to 12%. The refinement level of the Huo De Star Lord Seal was also constantly increasing.

“Let’s go.”

A few minutes later, Neff set off with his team again. This time, the team that set off included Xuan Tan, the Gumya, and his eight Five Satellites Planetary realm subordinates.

The Muya team was once again strengthened.

On the way, Neff did not say a word. He only led everyone deeper into the Heavenly Court. The deeper they went, the larger the palaces in the Heavenly Court became, and the smaller the buildings. It looked more and more strict.

After running for 15 minutes, Neff suddenly stopped at the entrance of a huge moon door. He looked at the huge moon door with a vigilant expression.

“Lord Xuan Tan, get your subordinates to try breaking through the palace restrictions. ”

“It’s useless,” Xuan Tan replied as if he was talking in riddles.

“We won’t know until we try. Otherwise, we’ll have to pay a high price.”

“Alright.”

In the next moment, Xuan Tan forcefully ordered one of his Five Satellites subordinates to walk straight towards the moon door.

The moment he stepped into the moon door, light instantly surged around the moon door. This light turned into dense lightning and blasted towards the Five Satellites Muya who had just stepped into the moon door.

It was dense and fast.

Furthermore, the lightning did not come from one direction. Instead, it blasted towards the Five Satellites Muya from all directions. It was a very strange feeling.

Almost instantly, lightning struck down and the Five Satellites Gumya disappeared.

He disappeared!

He had really disappeared.

There was only a little black dust that could prove that the Five Satellites

Gumya had existed here. Everyone was shocked when they saw this scene. Neff, Bunet, and Xu Tui gasped. The restrictions here were too powerful. One would turn into ashes. Not to mention the Five Satellites, even Neff would have turned into ashes.

Xu Tui estimated that he would not be able to withstand it even if he used his full strength to activate the Vajra Barrier, used the enhancement of his holy power, and used the Mountain Nova to defend himself.

There were at least a hundred bolts of lightning that blasted over from all directions just now.

“Lord Neff, what is this place?” Xu Tui asked.

“Purple Night Saint Realm!” Neff glanced at Xu Tui. This time, he did not hide anything. It was obvious that he completely trusted Xu Tui. “This is where the previous ruler of the Heavenly Court lived. The important meeting place of the Heavenly Court, the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, is within the Purple Night Saint Realm.” After a pause, Neff seemed to explain, but also seemed to be muttering to himself, “It looks like I can only exchange with them.”

Xu Tui could only watch from the sidelines. He understood what an exchange meant. It should be the same as the exchange between the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas. However, who was the other party that Neff would exchange?

It should be impossible for the Great Xi Clan. If the Great Xi Clan could enter the Purple Night Saint Realm, there would be no need for the previous exchange. Could Neff’s so-called exchange target be the Spiritual Race?

Xu Tui was not anxious when he saw Neff contacting him. He only waited quietly.

As long as Neff could contact the exchange target, Xu Tui would know who

Neff’s exchange target was sooner or later. There was no need to ask further. He would only be a suspect. Neff used a contact number that Xu Tui had never seen before. After contacting him for a while, he said to everyone, “Wait a while. Those who need to recover, quickly recover.

“Everything inside is unknown. You have to maintain your state at its peak.”

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony. He started to recover on the spot. Ten minutes later, as Neff announced his arrival, Xu Tui instantly stopped cultivating and stood up. He was stunned after taking a look. The person who came to exchange was actually… the Blue Star humans!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1