Chapter 1482 - 1482: Super Home Ground

Chapter 1482 - 1482: Super Home Ground

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In front of the Shenxiao Prefecture, with Xu Tui as the center, a blizzard domain with a radius of 1,500 meters was enhanced to a terrifying level by Xu Tui in just five minutes. The strength of the Blizzard Domain Domain was no longer enough to describe the transformation of water into ice.

The five-minute blizzard had caused a 10-centimeter-thick layer of snow to fall on the ground under Xu Tui’S control.

Outside the blizzard domain, ice and snow kept melting and then being frozen because of the temperature difference. In a short period of time, they had already condensed into a thick layer of ice.

The temperature of the entire snowstorm had reached minus 30 degrees in a short period of time. Due to the howling wind and snow, his body temperature might be around minus 40 to 50 degrees Celsius.

The 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals that Bunet had gathered from the other Muyas were not for nothing.

In terms of strength, excluding the ice mountain protection from before, the blizzard domain was only slightly weaker than the blizzard domain that Xu Tui had spent 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals to create when he survived the last wave of heavenly tribulation.

After all, it was caused by Xu Tui’S quasi-planetary cultivation.

Xu Tui was in the Three Satellites Planetary realm. Furthermore, the new star of the Blizzard Domain was a standard three-star halos.

In terms of ability power, it had increased by about 1.5 times. As a result, the enhancement of 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals was almost comparable to the effect of spending 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui did not even spend a gram of Origin Crystals this time.

In the blizzard domain, the Planetary realm Muyas were a little better. Their powerful physique and cultivation made them feel a little uncomfortable in a place with a temperature of minus 50 degrees.

But the quasi -planets were suffering. Many of the weaker cultivators had already activated a little power to resist the cold.

“Lord Kaedo, I feel that your Blizzard Domain Domain is probably two to three times stronger than the Blizzard Domain Domain that I fought previously ,” Bunet suddenly sighed.

“Also, the radius of your Blizzard Domain is as high as 1,500 meters. This has already surpassed many Three Satellites Planetary realms. However, the larger the radius of your Blizzard Domain, the safer we will be.” Bunet and the group of Muya Planetary realm experts praised.

Xu Tui smiled and nodded. His smile was a little strange. Were they praising the beauty of the cemetery they had dug for themselves?

To be honest, Xu Tui was not confident without the Blizzard Domain. However , he was not afraid at all with the blizzard domain created by these five minutes and 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui even dared to fight two Neffs. The Blizzard Domain that he had used time and a large number of Origin Crystals to create in advance was definitely his super home ground.

Xu Tui even felt that he could fight the Seven Satellites Planetary realm here. He was inexplicably excited!

Xu Tui felt a little helpless about the radius of the Blizzard Domain. It was only because of Kaedo’s identity that he could create a blizzard domain with a radius of 5,000 meters.

After breaking through to the Planetary realm, his main mind power planet had been continuously enhanced to the seventh star halo. His combat distance had already broken through to 5,000 meters.

The 5,000-meter radius was the range of Xu Tui’s instantaneous ability.

Speaking of which, the Blizzard Domain was an exception. The larger the Blizzard Domain, the better. The larger the blizzard domain, the more mind power Xu Tui would consume and the more Origin Crystals he would consume.

Correspondingly, the smaller the range of the Blizzard Domain, the less money he had to spend.

Under normal circumstances, it would be best to use a blizzard domain with a radius of 1,000 meters at this moment. However, considering that there were many people, Xu Tui decided to use the 1,500-meter blizzard domain.

After all, he did not have to spend Origin Crystals himself.

The Muyas did not lack Origin Crystals!

“Kaedo, activate your Blizzard Domain well. As long as you can hold on until I complete the preliminary refinement of the seal, you are the greatest contributor to our Heavenly Court’s return operation! As for the Origin Crystals, everyone had to pay if Kaedo needed them.

“I, Neff, guarantee that after I obtain this seal, I will make you earn back several times the Origin Crystals that you scattered today. All of you might become overlords in the future!”

Neff, who was in the Shenxiao Prefecture, was constantly paying attention to the situation outside. He was overjoyed when he saw Xu Tui’s blizzard domain spread out. He had been very worried previously. But now, he was at ease.

Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain has been strengthened and expanded. If two to three Six Satellites experts came, they would definitely be wiped out. Even if seven to eight Six Satellites experts came, they would be able to destroy one wave first. Then, it would be settled.

Neff had personally witnessed Xu Tui’S exciting battle tactics in the Blizzard Domain. It could only be described as breathtaking. After deliberately giving his instructions, Neff retracted his mind power and focused on refining the seal.

Among the Muyas, people like Neff who had the power of bloodline mainly cultivated the power of bloodline and mind power.

Xu Tui’s mind power spread out with the Blizzard Domain. It could be said that it enveloped the entire Blizzard Domain. It could be said that all the Muyas present were under the surveillance of Xu Tui’s mind power.

Xu Tui also sensed Neff’s mental retreat. Since Neff’s mind power had retreated, it was time for him to take action. Although the commotion here might make Neff pay attention again in ten seconds or a minute or two, it was enough.

Xu Tui sighed slightly in his heart when he saw Bunet on his left. It was time to say goodbye. After saving his life, Bunet had indeed treated Xu Tui very well. Of course, he might be able to try to capture him.

Xu Tui’S mind power surged as he continuously gave orders. Although the Blizzard Domain had been activated, he still had to use the necessary methods. He had to reduce all accidents as much as possible and kill the enemy in the shortest time possible.

Because of the cold and low cultivation, a low-level Planetary realm powerhouse, Gabe, who was hiding in the quasi-planetary crowd, took out two mysterious things that were contained in black bags from the holy power bag when no one was paying attention.

However, Xu Tui’s mind power had already taken over these two things the moment he took them out.

The wind and snow instantly covered it and landed on the ground. It was as if there were two more ice cubes on the ground. Then, Gabe glanced at the two ice cubes. As his eyes revealed fear, he trembled and walked to the other side.

Bao Zhang and Derry, who were beside Xu Tui, also walked toward another group of Planetary realm powerhouses led by the Two Satellites and Three Satellites.

Gabe was 500 meters away from the two ice blocks. He still felt that it was not safe enough and retreated further. He was a full 800 meters away before he stood still, trembling. He glanced in Xu Tui’S direction, but his nerves became tense.

Xu Tui, who was at the center of the elite group at the front, suddenly shifted his gaze and reminded, “Be careful. The enemy is here. They have already arrived at the edge of the Blizzard Domain and are probing.”

Due to Xu Tui’S Blizzard Domain, everyone•s vision and various sensory methods were actually a little restricted.

When Xu Tui reminded them, they immediately saw 12 to 13 figures standing at the edge of the Blizzard Domain. The number of enemies matched Xu Tui’s previous information. The enemies of more than ten Six Satellites and even Seven Satellites were indeed very strong.

Everyone looked at Xu Tui. Due to the cover of the Blizzard Domain, the command of the battle had unknowingly moved from Bunet to Xu Tui.

“Lord Bunet, they are still probing. Make tactical arrangements near every enemy. I will use all kinds of methods in the Blizzard Domain to cooperate with you in battle,” Xu Tui took the initiative to say.

“Okay!”

Bunet made preliminary arrangements based on the vague location of the enemy.

Xu Tui’s mind power moved slightly. He pressed the activation switch of the two ice blocks.

Three-phase thermal bomb!

What Gabe took out and put down were two three-phase thermal bombs. It exploded almost at the same time.

Boom!

The two explosions combined into one and instantly exploded into a terrifying wave of air that spread in all directions. The distance was too close. Many of the quasi-planetary experts, Two Satellites, and Three Satellites Planetary realm experts were within a 100-meter radius of these two three-phase thermal bombs.

This was especially so for the quasi-planetary and Planetary realms that had to focus fire on the enemy from afar. Basically, most of them were within 500 meters of these two three-phase thermal bombs.

In an instant, flesh and blood turned to ashes.

The quasi-planetary Muyas disappeared into nothingness on the spot. The Two Satellites and Three Satellites Planetary realm were within 500 meters of the three-phase thermal bomb. If they were on guard, they would still be able to survive.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain first gave them a sense of security. Then, they would never have dreamed that a three-phase thermal bomb would explode beside them.

How was that possible?

Yet the truth was so magical!

More than ten Two Satellites and Three Satellites Muyas were incinerated into ashes by the explosion of the three-phase thermal bomb. They did not even know how they died.

As for the 40-odd quasi-planetary experts, most of them died after this wave. There were still four Planetary realm experts who survived behind, but all of them were injured. The sudden explosion behind them stunned Bunet and the others. They did not understand what was going on at all!

It was instantly chaotic!

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui roared, “Lord Bunet, the enemy has charged in!”

Under the interference of the Blizzard Domain, more than a dozen figures at the edge of the Blizzard Domain rushed in.

“Face the enemy first. Lally, look behind you,” Bunet ordered loudly.

Lally, who was an officiant, was beside Bunet. The Six Satellites and the Five Satellites Gumya beside Bunet, including Bunet and the other Five Satellites Muya, pounced out at the same time.

Derry and Gabe, who were behind, had already pounced towards the severely injured Muyas. Bao Zhang quickly approached a Five Satellites Gumya and ambushed him.

Xu Tui also activated his mind power. The ice seals exploded one after another. The first person to become an ice sculpture was Lally, who was supporting the rear..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1