Chapter 1480 - 1480: Return

Chapter 1480 - 1480: Return

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He had to be calm every time something major happened.

Both his father, Xu Jianguo, and the principal, Cai Shaochu, had told Xu Tui this many times. Xu Tui had been exercising this point. Therefore, Xu Tui knew that it was time for him to expose his identity.

However, he did not act rashly.

Instead, he first followed Neffs instructions and found a corner. As he mechanically absorbed the energy of the Origin Crystals to recover, he purified a Soul Crystal and filled the portion of the God Slaying Sword.

At the same time, he was thinking about how to fight this battle.

The first was the goal of this battle.

Xu Tui confirmed two targets for him in the battle that did not hesitate to expose his identity.

Objective One: Stop Neff from refining the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Objective Two: Think of a way to snatch or refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Of these two goals, the first had priority over the second. If he wanted to achieve his goal, the safest way was to kill Neff.

Neff was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Moreover, there were guards around him. If they wanted to kill him, they had to come up with a meticulous battle plan. Strategic tactics had to be in place.

With Xu Tui’s current strength, it was possible for him to kill a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse under normal circumstances.

However, it was a little difficult to kill a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The God Slaying Sword that had expanded three times should have the possibility of severely injuring or killing Neff. However, as the commander-in-chief of the Muyas’ exploration of the small universe, Neff definitely had a powerful life-saving trump card.

It was just like how Xu Tui had confidently used the God Slaying Sword to deal with Gu Teng. He had wanted to severely injure Gu Teng with one strike. However, Gu Teng had used some kind of life-saving treasure to take Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword head-on and was not injured at all.

Therefore, he had to consider these unexpected possibilities.

At the very least, he had to have two chances to kill Neff.

There were also three other Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

These three people were Xiang Zhi, Yang MO, and Xuan Tan. As these three people had already been removed from the spiritual control, their combat strength as a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was definitely not to be underestimated.

As for the Five Satellites Immortals of the various Star Lord Prefectures that they led, it was not a problem.

Currently, Xu Tui has the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. Those Five Satellites Immortals would not dare to attack Xu Tui without the orders of a higher clergy.

Unfortunately, he had just obtained the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal and the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal. Due to the limited red light of the red fire slip, the refinement level was not high.

If he could refine it to more than 30%, he might be able to command the two Six Satellites Planetary realm experts, Yang MO and Xuan Tan. He clearly could not do it in a short period of time.

The red light restoration of the red fire slip was not fast. Xu Tui had to save the remaining portion for refining the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He could not use it all.

Based on this calculation, Neff had a total of four Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, two in Five Satellites, 11 Planetary realm powerhouses from the Muya, 15 Gumyas in the Planetary realm, and 47 quasi-planetary Muya.

What about Xu Tui’s strength?

Xu Tui, Bao Zhang, and the Seven Satellites’ deputy generals controlled by Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas.

In reality, these four people only had the strength of the mid to late-stage of the Six Satellites.

Moreover, because they were possessing the corpses of the Heavenly Court’s deputy generals, their attacks and defenses were actually relatively simple.

Under such circumstances, they would be at a disadvantage if they encountered a Six Satellites expert of the same level. In other words, Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others with the strength of Seven Satellites might be slightly weaker than Xiang Zhi and the others in a real battle. Or rather, at most, they would be evenly matched and would not be able to win quickly.

The only advantage was that the four of them each had two substitute Seven Satellites corpses. But in battle, especially in such a large-scale chaotic battle, it was also very dangerous for their mental bodies to leave their bodies and possess them again.

The nails that Xu Tui had planted in the enemies, Derry and Gabe, would not affect the situation much.

After calculating the situation, Xu Tui’s chances of winning were too small.

This was especially so for the 15 Five Satellites Gumyas. These people did not dare to attack Xu Tui, who had the Star Lord’s seal, but they could completely attack Bao Zhang, Kitawan, and the others.

Xu Tui, the fake JI Shui Star Lord, could not command them.

Strategic tactics!

Xu Tui thought about it carefully and felt that he had to start with his identity. Officiant Kaedo was currently the third person in this team. If it was used well, it would definitely have a miraculous effect.

Xu Tui’S mind raced. In less than ten minutes, a bold battle plan was announced. However, he did not take action immediately. Instead, he spent five minutes reviewing the operation twice. Only then did he decide to take action.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui stood up. The God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip had been completely filled. It had basically returned to his peak state.

Xu Tui stood up and walked toward the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture. When they saw Xu Tui walk over, Lally, Xiang Zhi, and the others guarding the place revealed vigilance. Clearly, Neff had specially instructed them to be wary of Xu Tui.

“How’s the refinement going, Lord Neff?” Xu Tui looked around.

The Shenxiao Prefecture was extremely vast. From the outside, one could only see the faint situation in the prefecture and Neff’s figure. They could not see much.

‘We just have to be careful. Lord Neff will come out and inform us when he succeeds in refining it.” Lally gave Xu Tui a soft nail.

Xu Tui spread his hands and smiled when he heard that. “Lally, why are you nervous? I’m just taking a look.”

“I’m not nervous,” Lally said anxiously.

“Hah!” Xu Tui gently surrounded him. Then, he shouted softly, “Bao Zhang, Derry, let’S go. Follow me to patrol the surroundings and eliminate the danger.”

Bao Zhang and Derry agreed at the same time and left with Xu Tui. Xu Tui’s departure allowed Xiang Zhi, Lally, and Bunet to heave a sigh of relief. This was especially so for Bunet. He and Kaedo could be said to be life-and-death friends. However, he had to abide by the orders Neff gave him. This made him a little troubled.

No one noticed that when Xu Tui left with Bao Zhang and Derry, Gabe’s head was suddenly covered in cold sweat.

Xu Tui had just given him an order. This order made Gabe’s hands tremble.

Gabe was very hesitant. “Sir, why do you have to do this? If you do that, you will be exposed. I suggest that you consider it carefully.” Gabe quickly communicated with Xu Tui’s consciousness.

Xu Tui only replied to Gabe. “Gabe, you have only one choice between carrying out an order and death. Do you understand?”

Gabe, who was not far from the entrance of the Shenxiao Prefecture, was stunned. His face was bitter. “I understand.”

A minute later, Xu Tui, Bao Zhang, and Derry arrived at the furthest vigilant point. At this vigilant point, there was a Five Satellites Planetary realm Gumya, a Three Satellites Planetary realm Muya, and five quasi-planets.

This vigilant point was only 1,000 meters away from the nearest one behind. Basically, if there was any movement here, a sentry post at the back would immediately know. Reinforcements would arrive in one to two seconds. Therefore, he had to be fast.

Xu Tui’s first plan was to gather his strength to do something big. The Muyas were very powerful here, but their power was relatively scattered. They were ordered by Neff to spread out and stand guard.

However, the distance they spread out was not far. They were all within a three-kilometer radius. This three-kilometer distance was Xu Tui’s chance.

“How is it? Did you notice any enemies?” Xu Tui asked kindly after he arrived at the furthest sentry post.

The Five Satellites Gumyas did not feel anything, but the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm of the Muyas were very happy and enthusiastic.

Who was Kaedo? He was the most popular person in front of Bishop Xiliude. He had broken through from a quasi-planetary to the Two Satellites Planetary realm in a day. He had a bright future ahead of him. Who did not want to curry favor with him? Even if he did not curry favor with them, he could not offend him, right?

Therefore, they were all very enthusiastic.

Xu Tui smiled as he dealt with the situation. He frowned when he saw the Five Satellites Gumya staring at the surroundings. In the next moment, he activated his mind power. A group of figures suddenly appeared in front of him.

It was Illusory Reality. In an instant, this sudden figure attracted the attention of the Five Satellites Gumyas and the other Muyas.

Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas were silently released by Xu Tui. They each found a target and pounced over. Bao Zhang, Derry, and Xu Tui also attacked at the same time.

Seven against seven.

However, Xu Tui’S strength was definitely overwhelming as it was a sneak attack. Belas went up alone and killed two quasi -planetary experts with a slap. Bao Zhang and Lang Xu pounced at the Five Satellites Gumya at the same time.

In fact, the Five Satellites Gumyas people had spiritual control. Their true combat strength was only at the mid to late stages of the Four Satellites. Two mid- to late-stage Six Satellites ambushed a midto late-stage Four Satellites, it was definitely an instant kill.

In less than a second, all seven of them were killed. However, the fluctuations of the battle here were inevitably discovered by the vigilance points at the back.

“What’s the situation? Are there any enemies?” As he roared, the vigilant team behind him instantly pounced forward. It was the same configuration. One Five Satellites, one Three Satellites, and five quasi-planetary experts.

“There are indeed enemies!”

Xu Tui’s appearance stunned the security team behind him. “Lord Kaedo, where are the enemies?”

“The enemy… is behind you.”

Almost at the same time, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas charged out from both sides. Xu Tui, Bao Zhang, and Derry pounced out as well.

The battle was over in a second. However, this time, the continuous powerful energy fluctuations instantly alerted the surrounding Muya teams. In an instant, four to five vigilant teams rushed over at the same time.

“The two of you, leave!” While Xu Tui was giving orders to Bao Zhang and Derry, he suddenly wiped his face and removed his disguise. The moment the golden armor covered his body, the flying sword instantly circled up.

Xu Tui was back..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1