Chapter 1486 - 1486: The Mysterious Exchanger Reappears

Chapter 1486 - 1486: The Mysterious Exchanger Reappears

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had personally tempered Bunet’s head. This could be considered his respect for this admirable enemy. As for the physical body and the others, they were thrown to Gabe and Derry. Bunet’s head had only contributed 27 grams of Soul Crystals to Xu Tui. It was not much, but it was not bad.

Other than that, he also obtained more than 34,000 grams of Origin Crystals and 12 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens from Bunet’s holy power bag. At this point, the total number of Origin Crystals in Xu Tui’s hands had reached 250,000 grams. Compared to the Africa Sector, he could be said to be as rich as a country.

Of course, this was the previous data.

The Africa Sector now occupies many asteroids. The production of Origin Crystals had greatly increased. They should be much richer than before.

The total number of Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens in Xu Tui’s hands had also reached an astonishing 110. This thing was actually a good thing.

Although it could not be used during the heavenly tribulation, it could be used to increase the power of all abilities under normal circumstances. It was very useful.

Xu Tui spent about 15 minutes doing these things. However, these things were not his main focus during these 15 minutes. His main focus was to carefully spread his mental perception into the dissipating blizzard domain. He carefully searched for the enemy who was spying on him.

However, this enemy who was spying on him was very careful.

Xu Tui even used his microscopic perception, but he could not track it. The passive resonance of the spiritual resonance could give him feedback that someone was spying on him.

The enemy might be very powerful!

Xu Tui thought about a countermeasure.

The first countermeasure was to hide in the Shenxiao Prefecture of the

Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and try to quickly refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor in a short period of time. Then, the Shenxiao Prefecture would be Xu Tui’s safe house.

However, this countermeasure might have too many things he could not control.

What if the enemy could also be called the Shenxiao Prefecture of the Longevity Emperor of the South pole?

The second countermeasure was to take the opportunity to kill or severely injure the spy. From the spy’s actions, he seemed to be observing him. It was as if the mantis was stalking the cicada or the oriole behind.

However, he did not attack Xu Tui immediately. This meant that he was also a little afraid of Xu Tui. If the other party had arrived early, he would have seen the strength Xu Tui had displayed and his subordinates. This spy basically knew Xu Tui’s strength.

In that case, Xu Tui basically understood what he was afraid of. One possibility

was that they were afraid of the strength of Xu Tui and his subordinates. However, if that was the case, the spy basically did not have a chance. He could only watch.

The other possibility was that the spy was afraid of Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain. The blizzard domain created by paying money could even deal with Neff, whose cultivation had increased to the Seven Satellites. This spy might be afraid of this.

Of course, it was also possible that he was afraid of losing too much, so he was still observing the opportunity.

Xu Tui was more inclined to the latter. This spy was more afraid of his Blizzard Domain.

Xu Tui quickly made a decision. The feeling of being watched by an enemy hiding in the dark was too uncomfortable and dangerous. A moment of carelessness would bring about a fatal threat. He had to lure this enemy out. After all, it was easier to dodge an open enemy than a false friend.

This was especially so when the spy thought that Xu Tui had not noticed him.

Xu Tui slowly made arrangements as he thought. Since the enemy was afraid of his Blizzard Domain, Xu Tui allowed the Blizzard Domain to slowly dissipate and not maintain it. However, the arrangements were being made quickly.

The first step was to set up a welcome gift bag for the spies. After all, they were in the Blizzard Domain. The enemy’s prying was also greatly affected.

Xu Tui simply combined the four three-phase thermal explosions into one and placed them on the ground. Then, he sealed them with ice. At first glance, it looked like the ice blocks in the Blizzard Domain.

Xu Tui even made a few ice cubes of the same size to cover it up. He could not make too many arrangements. If he did, the enemy might not take action. After adjusting his condition, Xu Tui got Kitawan, Belas, Bao Zhang, Yang MO, Lally, Lang Xu, and Feng Ran to guard his back at a relatively close distance.

As for him, he slowly walked towards the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture. It was worth mentioning that Yang MO had pledged his loyalty to Xu Tui after Xu Tui killed Neff and Bao Zhang persuaded him.

Of course, the Spiritual Mark was essential.

Just like Bao Zhang, Yang MO was unwilling to wait for death after waiting for 3,000 years. Moreover, in terms of status, Xu Tui had already refined the seal of the Southern Dipper Lord. He was Yang Mot s superior. This was also one of the foundations of his loyalty.

Yang Mots strength was similar to Bao Zhang’s. They were both Six Satellites, but his combat strength was slightly stronger than Bao Zhang’s because he was a fire-element supernatural being.

When Xu Tui walked toward the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture, most of Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain, which had a radius of 1,500 meters, had already dissipated.

At this moment, the Blizzard Domain was only 300 meters in radius. The surroundings were cold because of its existence.

The power of the remaining Blizzard Domain had also been greatly weakened. The door of the Shenxiao Prefecture had already been closed. The reason why it was closed was because of the three-phase thermal explosive that Xu Tui had used against the Muyas.

The energy shockwave from the explosion of the three-phase thermal bomb automatically closed when it reached the entrance of the Shenxiao Prefecture. The defense of the Shenxiao Prefecture was extremely terrifying.

Xu Tui did not know how terrifying it was.

The shockwave of the two three-phase thermal bombs that exploded at a distance of 400 meters did not even cause the restrictions of Shenxiao

Prefecture to fluctuate.

Xu Tui walked to the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture. He was led by the

Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal, followed by the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, then the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, lastly by the Jingmu Star Lord Seal. The moment he injected his mind power at the same time, Xu Tui instantly activated the divine might of the four seals.

It was bound to the spot by Xu Tui’s seal. Then, Xu Tui used the red light of the five red fire slips to quickly refine it to 5%. It barely reached the level where it could activate the divine might of the seal.

Their main goal was to open the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole again.

Just like before, Xu Tui activated four Star Lord Seals at the same time. With the modesty of his subordinates, he vaguely expressed his intention to see him.

Ten seconds after the divine might of the four seals shot into the plaque at the entrance of Shen Xiao Prefecture, the plaque suddenly shone with a clear light. In an instant, the door of Shen Xiao Prefecture slowly opened again.

This time, Xu Tui suddenly sensed a fluctuation in the spying aura that he had not been able to find previously.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. It was not because he was afraid. This spy should not be purely afraid of his power. Instead, he was waiting for him to open the door of Shenxiao Prefecture. This spy’s true goal was to wait for Xu Tui to open the door of Shenxiao Prefecture so that he could rush in.

The target of this spy was the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole in the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Almost at the same time, dozens of powerful auras erupted behind him. With two bolts of lightning as the lead, at least five extremely powerful attacks blasted toward Xu Tui at the same time.

Among these five extremely powerful attacks, there were two attacks from Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

Xu Tui was shocked. The enemy’s lineup was stronger than he had imagined. This was especially so for the lightning attack. It arrived almost instantly. Even though Xu Tui was prepared, he still looked a little pathetic at this moment.

He had caught a shark!

However, Xu Tui’s previous preparations were not for nothing.

At the same time that the six layers of Vajra Barrier had already risen, Xu Tui activated the power in the two Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens at the same time. One of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens enhanced his Vajra Barrier, while the holy power in the other Myriad Thoughts Holy Token surged into the ice puppet that had just crawled up from the blizzard domain under his feet.

In an instant, the 30-foot-tall ice puppet seemed to be equipped with a layer of armor that flashed with holy light. It instantly blocked two attacks for Xu Tui. The other attack was blocked by Kitawan.

It was the attack of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Kitawan was severely injured again. Half of his arm was gone.

To be honest, Kitawan has been performing very well recently.

Xu Tui took the other two lightning attacks head-on. One was blasted out by a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, and the other was blasted out by a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Lightning flashed wildly. Xu Tui’s six layers of Vajra Barrier shattered continuously. The enhancement of the holy light was also instantly shattered. However, the time bought by the holy power allowed Xu Tui to add two more Vajra Barriers.

He had survived.

Xu Tui survived the two bolts of lightning. However, the enemy’s firepower was much fiercer than Xu Tui had imagined. There were more enemies than Xu Tui had imagined. Nine Six Satellites, two Seven Satellites, more than 40 Five Satellites Gumyas, and more than 10 Planetary realm experts were attacking from all directions.

Xu Tui had just survived when two bolts of lightning continued to blast toward him. He had the intention of blasting Xu Tui to death. This made Xu Tui gasp. This power was simply crushing. This was a thought that he had planned for a long time. He wanted to completely kill Xu Tui and obtain the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

The aura of one of the lightning-type Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses was very familiar. It was the mysterious Blue Star human who had exchanged with Neff previously!

A lightning type supernatural being!

Xu Tui could basically confirm this person’s identity. He had misjudged. This was the enemy’s plan to kill!

However, Xu Tui was not afraid at all. The experience he obtained from countless life-and-death battles made Xu Tui consider the most extreme situations when he made plans in advance.

For example, in front of him!

Xu Tui had a plan for this situation from the beginning.

He had countless questions in his mind. For example, when the mysterious Blue Star exchanger left, there was only one Seven Satellites. How did he obtain so many people in just an hour or two?

However, he had to suppress all his doubts first. He had to deal with the situation in front of him first..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1