Chapter 1488 - 1488: Can It Be Overlayed? (1)

Chapter 1488 - 1488: Can It Be Overlayed? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Is it the Lord of Myths, Ullr?” This was the doubt that appeared in Xu Tui’s mind the moment the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture closed.

Xu Tui highly suspected the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. The point is as follows.

Firstly, the teams from the various sectors of the Blue Star had only entered the inner area of the Heavenly Court through the Southern Heavenly Gate with Xu Tui’s help. No team had entered the Purple Night Saint Realm yet. Only The Myth’s team was an exception.

The Myth team had mysteriously disappeared after entering the small universe of the Heavenly Court. That was completely possible.

Secondly, he was a lightning-type supernatural being from the Blue Star.

Xu Tui had already determined that the mysterious exchanger was the Blue Star humans after his encounter before the Purple Night Saint Realm. Whether it was the technological equipment that he used to hide his identity or his original quantum life frequency, they all had the characteristics of a Blue Star

Human.

Xu Tui was very confident in this. Under microscopic perception, the quantum frequencies of the original lifeforms were extremely different.

There was no need to mention the Great Xi Clan. The difference between the Muyas and the Blue Star humans was also very large. Even though the quantum frequency of the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans’ original lives was highly similar, there was still a difference.

Only Ullr could fit into the category of the lightning-type supernatural being with the strength of Six Satellites. Ullr had the cultivation of the peak of the Five Satellites. It was not difficult for him to break through in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Thirdly, Little Six said that if he wanted to rely on a drop of his blood essence to open the door to the Purple Night Saint Realm, he had to have the bloodline of a Blue Star Human.

According to Xu Tui’s further communication with Little Six, humans on the Blue Star only had one requirement for bloodline if they wanted to use their blood essence to open the door to the Purple Night Saint Realm.

The clearer request should be for the Huaxia humans. However, Little Six was not too sure about this. In the ancient Heavenly Court, the existences who could give others their blood as proof of entering and leaving the Purple Night Sage Realm were all from the Huaxia Bloodline.

It was unknown if Ullr had the Huaxia bloodline, but he was definitely a human from the Blue Star. With these three points, Xu Tui could basically confirm that the mysterious exchanger was the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

After the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture closed, he was deep in thought. From an overlooking perspective, it was normal for this mysterious exchanger to attack Kaedo after spying on him, including wanting to rush into the Shenxiao Prefecture to obtain the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Even if the mysterious exchanger was Ullr, this operation was normal. Xu Tui could not get angry. After all, Xu Tui’s identity at that time was still Kaedo, the officiant of the Muyas.

However, his previous exchange of resources with the Muyas and the Spiritual Race made Xu Tui extremely angry. Even though Xu Tui had not refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he understood the importance of the seal.

This was one of the six rulers. He was one of the true rulers of the ancient

Heavenly Court. In the minds of many people, the ruler of the ancient Heavenly Court was the Jade Emperor, but the Jade Emperor was only the leader of the six rulers.

The ancient Heavenly Court ruled so many galaxies. It could be seen from the jurisdiction of the 28 Constellations that the districts they ruled even exceeded the Milky Way. With such a large range of governance, the leader of the six rulers was only the leader of the six rulers. The other existences also had extremely shocking authority.

If it fell into the hands of the Muyas, the consequences would be…

In other words, if Xu Tui was not here, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole would have fallen into the hands of the Muyas. Although it would take a long time to completely refine it, it would still fall into the hands of the enemy.

At that moment, Xu Tui was furious, but he was also exceptionally calm.

The humans of the Blue Star had to be integrated. They could not continue like this.

The enemy was no longer at their doorstep. Instead, they had already arrived at their home and dug up the grave of the Blue Star’s ancestor. There were still people in the Blue Star who were selling their overall interests for their own benefits.

If this continued, he would be able to trick himself to death within the Blue Star humans without the enemy taking action.

He had to hurry up with that plan.

Outside the Shenxiao Prefecture, the lightning around the Lord of Myths, Ullr, flickered as he stared at the situation in the Shenxiao Prefecture. Although he could not see anything, he was still watching and thinking.

was it Xu Tui?

The God Slaying Sword was too obvious. Up until now, Xu Tui was the only one who had the God Slaying Sword, be it the Blue Star humans, the Spiritual Race, or the Muyas. In that case, the reason for the Muyas’ internal strife was clear.

Xu Tui had used some method to become a spy among the Muyas. That was why there was internal strife among the Muyas. This was a good thing. No matter what, it would affect the overall situation of the Blue Star better.

In an instant, Ullr thought of how Kaedo, the low-level officiant of the Muya, had used his mind power to spy on him when he was exchanging with Neff. Previously, he only felt that the Muyas did not have strict rules. However, from the looks of it, Xu Tui was investigating their true identities.

In other words, Xu Tui was suspecting them. In other words, Xu Tui, the spy, had already seen with his own eyes how they dealt with the Muys and the Spiritual Race. There shouldn’t be any real evidence left, but did they need evidence among the top existences?

There was no need!

Behind Xu Tui were Shang Long and Cai Shaochu. It was also possible to secretly deal with him.

“Would they believe me if I said that I only wanted to quickly obtain more seals of the Heavenly Court through exchange and did not fundamentally betray the interests of the Blue Star Humans?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1