Chapter 1487 - 1487: Is It Him?

Chapter 1487 - 1487: Is It Him?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were too many enemies! It was much more than Xu Tui had imagined. Therefore, he immediately turned the welcome gift bag into a farewell gift bag.

Almost the moment the attack began, Xu Tui instantly used his mind power to detonate the four three-phase thermal bombs that he had planted previously. Now, Xu Tui felt that he had buried too little.

At the same time, Xu Tui gave orders to Kitawan, Bao Zhang, and the others to enter the residence. They had to retreat into Shenxiao Prefecture first.

The attacks of the two lightning-type supernatural beings landed on Xu Tui again. Xu Tui’s left eye had already turned black.

Teleportation!

Xu Tui instantly disappeared. But he teleported extremely close to where he disappeared this time. He only teleported into the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture that had just been opened. The attacks of the two terrifying lightning-type supernatural beings missed. The energy waves of the four three-phase thermal bombs exploded.

The scene seemed to have entered slow motion at this moment.

Kitawan and the others, who had received Xu Tui’s order half a second in advance, retreated into the Shenxiao Prefecture.

The energy wave of the three-phase thermal bomb spread out at lightning speed. It could be foreseen that when the energy wave of the three-phase thermal bomb hit the entrance of Shen Xiao Prefecture again, the door of Shen Xiao Prefecture would immediately close again.

In a short period of time, the Shenxiao Prefecture would become Xu Tui’s safe house.

Clearly, the mysterious exchanger opposite him had an extremely stunned expression the moment the three-phase thermal bomb exploded. Why did the Muyas have so many three-phase thermal bombs? Why was he so familiar with

Previously, he had only seen the internal strife of the Muyas. However, because of the powerful blizzard domain, he could not see the specific situation.

The mysterious exchanger suddenly understood Xu Tui’s goal. He wanted to close the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture.

That would not do!

He had tried his best to hide his aura so that the Muyas could open the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture again. If it was closed again, then the previous concealment would be meaningless. It was also at this moment that the mysterious exchanger suddenly let out a shrill whistle.

A seal that was glowing with lightning instantly shone brightly.

The lightning exploded like spider meat, bringing with it the other Seven Satellites and eight Six Satellites. They turned into lightning and quickly circled around the range of the three-phase thermal bomb and rushed towards the door of Shenxiao Prefecture.

The other Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being did the same. His intentions could not be more obvious. He wanted to use the speed of the lightning to rush into the Shenxiao Prefecture before the three-phase thermal bomb closed the door.

There were a total of nine Six Satellites and two Seven Satellites. As long as they rushed into Shenxiao Prefecture, they would definitely be able to take down Xu Tui and his group.

He had the confidence.

Xu Tui, who was opposite him, also saw their actions. He instantly understood the intentions of the mvsteri011R exchanger

If two Seven Satellites and nine Six Satellites really rushed into the Shenxiao Prefecture and fought them, the situation would probably be very bad.

Death in battle might be the final outcome.

Therefore, Xu Tui’s goal was very obvious.

He had to stop it!

In a flash, Xu Tui saw the key to the problem. It was all because of the seal that was emitting lightning that those experts are only able to attack so quickly. Otherwise, other than the two lightning-type supernatural beings, no one else would be able to enter.

Xu Tui would definitely accept the offer if the two lightning-type supernatural beings really barged in before the Shenxiao Prefecture closed. He might be able to completely lock onto the identity of the mysterious exchanger and even obtain evidence.

One with the strength of Seven Satellites, and the other Six Satellites. With Xu Tui’s current lineup, he could still take them down. Of course, the prerequisite for all of this was that Xu Tui had to stop the mysterious exchanger from using the lightning seal to bring the other nine experts in.

Otherwise, there was no need to mention anything. In an instant, Xu Tui instantly slashed out with the God Slaying Sword. The moment the God Slaying Sword appeared, it disappeared. Then, it appeared again and slashed out.

It was extremely fast!

The moment the God Slaying Sword appeared, the mysterious exchanger panicked for a moment, but his reaction was also extremely fast. The God Slaying Sword appeared above his head and he could not dodge, so the lightning seal controlled by the mysterious exchanger instantly sank and landed on his head. He wanted to use this extremely high-grade lightning seal to take Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword head-on.

The mysterious exchanger was full of confidence in the power of his seal. Moreover, this was a completely refined Heavenly Court seal!

Almost instantly, the God Slaying Sword slashed in. The moment it slashed in, the face under the mysterious exchanger’s mask was still filled with confidence. However, in the next moment, his expression instantly changed drastically.

Under normal circumstances, the impact of the God Slaying Sword slashing into the lightning seal should be extremely small. But when the God Slaying Sword actually slashed in, his lightning seal instantly trembled. Seven of the nine lightning bolts instantly dissipated.

At the same time, the aura of the lightning seal dissipated by about 5%. This shocked the mysterious exchanger to the extreme.

However, Xu Tui did not know about all these changes. He only knew that his God Slaying Sword had only dispersed the seven lightning branches of the target. In that case, two Seven Satellites and three Six Satellites might eventually charge into Shenxiao Prefecture.

The risk was still very high. Therefore, another sword light rose above Xu Tui’s head. The Small God Slaying Sword that was glowing with golden light. The moment the sword light of the Small God Slaying Sword rose, a milky white light instantly entered. Then, the sword light disappeared.

Xu Tui had activated another Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to enhance the Small God Slaying Sword. However, the moment the Small God Slaying Sword appeared, the mysterious exchanger was shocked.

There was more! How could there be such a sword light? Moreover, this faint golden sword light instantly attracted the attention of the mysterious exchanger.

All of these characteristics were exactly the same as the guy who had disappeared recently.

Could it be that guy? Was this the reason for the internal strife among the Muyas?

Even though 5% of his lightning seal had been destroyed, he still endured the pain and protected the lightning seal above his head again. He was a little afraid of this sword light. The consequences would be unpredictable if it really entered his body. Therefore, he had to use the lightning seal to block it.

Xu Tui had used his energy transmission speed, so the sword light was extremely fast. The moment it appeared, it slashed at the mysterious exchanger’s head. The sword light once again slashed into the lightning seal above the mysterious exchanger’s head.

This time, the remaining two branches of the lightning seal instantly collapsed. The lightning seal paused for a moment, and even the mysterious exchanger fell out of the lightning. His secret technique was completely interrupted.

However, the mysterious exchanger was confused.

It was different!

This sword was different!

This sword won in terms of power. It only dissipated the lightning branch of his lightning seal, but it did not hurt the foundation of the lightning seal. The dark sword light just now had directly injured the foundation of the lightning seal.

Just what kind of sword light could directly injure the foundation of his lightning seal and dissipate 5% of the power of his lightning seal?

It had to be known that his lightning seal was one level lower than the Longevity Emperor’s seal. However, it was definitely a high-level clergy seal in the Heavenly Court. It was extremely powerful.

Not any power could injure its foundation. Moreover, no matter how strong other forces were, they would not be able to injure the foundation of his Lightning Great Seal. The foundation of the Lightning Great Seal was actually two different lines from the supernatural power of others.

“That dark sword light just now had a special power?” In an instant, the mysterious exchanger came to a realization. Even though he had come to his senses, his lightning escape had been completely interrupted by the two swords. There was no longer any possibility of entering Shenxiao Prefecture.

At this moment, they could only watch as the energy shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb blasted into the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Just as the restriction on the entrance of Shen Xiao Prefecture was about to be activated and the entrance of Shen Xiao Prefecture was about to open again, another bolt of lightning suddenly rushed to the entrance of Shen Xiao Prefecture.

This lightning was actually faster than the energy shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb. From the looks of it, it could rush into the Shenxiao Prefecture. It was the lightning-type supernatural being under him, the Seven Satellites.

“No!” The mysterious exchanger instantly roared, but before he roared, he had already given the order through mental voice transmission. Now, if this Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being rushed in alone, he would be like a meat bun hitting a dog. He would not be able to return.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s eyes shone. It would be great if this lightning-type supernatural being with the strength of Seven Satellites rushed in alone. He could definitely kill him and capture his mental body alive. Even if he did not speak, he would gain a lot.

However, to Xu Tui’s disappointment, the lightning formed by the lightning-type supernatural being suddenly turned into a snake at the last moment.

He forcefully brushed past the energy shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb and turned a corner. He did not rush into the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Xu Tui was a little disappointed.

It was also at this moment that the energy shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb blasted onto the door of Shenxiao Prefecture. The restriction on the door of Shenxiao Prefecture was activated. A clear light rose and the door instantly closed.

The moment the door closed, three words appeared in Xu Tui and the mysterious exchanger’s minds.

“Is it him?”

“Is it him?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1