Chapter 1489 - 1489: Can It Be Overlayed? (2)

Chapter 1489 - 1489: Can It Be Overlayed? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the thought of this, Ullr shook his head. No one would believe him. It was not easy to evaluate selfishness.

Did he have selfish motives? He did!

“It looks like I have to quickly advance my plan. It’s just that Shang Long is a big problem…” As he muttered, Ullr suddenly had determination. “Why are they orthodox? So am I! There was no need to hide after taking down the small universe of the Heavenly Court. However, I still had to deal with Xu Tui if I could. After dealing with him, my plan will have a higher chance of success without the resistance of the Huaxia Sector.”

With a decision, the Lord of The Myth wanted to send people to wait. However, after looking around and then looking at Shenxiao Prefecture, he shook his head. If he sent people to guard here and only left a small number of elites, they would not have much confidence. If they could not keep them, they would lose.

However, it would not be worth it if all the elites stayed here to block Xu Tui. This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. He could take advantage of this opportunity to obtain more seals of the Heavenly Court. Who knew how long Xu Tui would hide in Shenxiao Prefecture?

Gambling here was purely a waste of time. With this time, he would be able to obtain more power from the Six Satellites or even the Seven Satellites if he went to get more divine seals.

The more divine seals he obtained from the Heavenly Court, the greater the momentum. This situation was most suitable to be described as a story in the history of the Huaxia Sector. Once the momentum was formed, the speed at which he refined the Six Imperial Seals would reach an astonishing level.

However, he could not leave Xu Tui alone.

Suddenly, Ullr thought of a method.

“Why don’t we divert the trouble? Someone should be extremely concerned about the Six Imperial Seals like the Longevity Emperor’s Seal of the South Pole.” With a smile, Ullr began to send a few messages in his own way.

A minute later, Ullr called over a Planetary realm expert who was extremely good at hiding. After giving a few instructions, he left with his main force.

Two Seven Satellites Planetary realm followed behind the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, respectfully.

Just like the other Star Lord Palaces, although the attacks could not penetrate the clear light restriction of the Shenxiao Prefecture, their vision was unobstructed. They could still see the situation outside the Shenxiao

Prefecture.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw the mysterious exchanger leave with a large group of people.

He left just like that? Not going to stop him? So generous? Or was it hidden elsewhere? Or did he really leave?

Xu Tui was filled with doubts. But he did not hesitate for long. Regardless of whether Ullr had really left or not, refining the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was the most important.

He first sized up the Shenxiao Prefecture.

The interior of the Shenxiao Prefecture was extremely wide. There were hundreds of halls of various sizes. However, every hall was protected by a clear light restriction. Other than the main hall of the Shenxiao Prefecture, it was also the Shenxiao Hall where the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole dealt with official matters.

In the Shenxiao Hall, the jade chairs on the steps were high above. Below them was an empty hall. This made Xu Tui suddenly think of the honorable hall in the Huaxia Forbidden City. The layout was a little similar to that.

It could be imagined that the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was sitting in his jade seat as his subordinates would listen to his orders and report.

As for the exquisite engravings on the pillars and everywhere in the hall, any archeologist would cry out in surprise. However, Xu Tui did not care about that. If he really wanted to do archeology, he would first create a safe environment for the archeologists.

Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the table in front of the jade seat. On the table, a seal the size of a human head was slowly floating there, emitting a five-colored light. Previously, Neff had refined it for less than an hour without leaving any traces.

Xu Tui slowly stepped forward. He first bowed to the seal before slowly enve10Dinc it with his mind Dower. An indescribable feeling came over him. He could sense that as long as his mind power continued to wrap around it, it could slowly seep in. However, that speed was indescribable.

This time might be measured in years. Even the most preliminary refinement would take two to three months under normal circumstances. However, Neff should have been prepared to refine the seal. It would not take two to three months to refine it. There might be other means of acceleration.

Unfortunately, Neff had already been killed by Xu Tui. Five minutes after his mind power enveloped the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, Xu Tui activated the red light in the red fire slip. Refining it normally was too long.

A red light brought Xu Tui’s mind power and fused into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power went a little deeper.

It worked!

Even though it was the seal of the Longevity Emperor, the red light of the red fire slip still had the effect of assisting in the refinement. However, in the next moment, Xu Tui frowned. It was effective, but the effect was not as great as he had imagined.

Previously, when he was refining the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal and the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, a wisp of red light could increase the refinement progress by 1%. The consumption of energy increased slightly when he refined the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal, but not much.

However, the consumption of energy when refining the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had increased greatly. Or rather, the red fire slip’s refinement effect on the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had weakened.

r

lWvo minutes later, Xu Tui frowned again.

The auxiliary effect was much weaker than Xu Tui had imagined..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1