Chapter 1484 - 1484: Neff’S Multiple Trump Cards

Chapter 1484 - 1484: Neff’s Multiple Trump Cards

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The humans of the Blue Star! You’re actually a Blue Star human! This! This…”

The moment he found out the truth, Neff felt that it was unreal.

Kaedo, who had been praised by Lord Klens and thought highly of by Lord Xiliude, and who had risked his life to save Bunet, was actually a Blue Star human? Could this matter be any more magical?

‘You… you’re a traitor among us?” Neff retreated, his eyes filled with anger and pain.

Among them, they had used various methods to find the traitor. He and Bishop Xiliude had even carefully analyzed the information of all the Planetary realm powerhouses in the solar system expeditionary army.

Of course, he had analyzed Kaed0’s information. However, Kaedo was always excluded by them.

How could Kaedo be a traitor? This was what Lord Xiliude said the most.

But now…

If Lord Xiliude knew the truth, he would probably vomit blood from anger.

In an instant, Neff’s mind raced. His emotions fluctuate, but he also instantly erupted with a high -spirited fighting spirit.

He was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Six Satellites. He was chosen by Bishop Xiliude and Commander-in-chief Dylin. He had been through hundreds of battles and had an extremely strong will. Although he was affected, it was definitely not something that this matter could affect.

In an instant, Neff did not retreat but advanced. It directly detonated the power in a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, towards Kitawan, who was charging the fiercest. Under the enhancement of the holy light in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, Neff’s power fluctuations instantly soared to the level of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Even though Kitawan had possessed the deputy general and could unleash the combat strength of a

late-stage Six Satellites, he was still forced back by Neff. As for the attacks of the other three, Neff used the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to block them. Everything was to eliminate one person to reduce the pressure on him.

In just an instant, Kitawan was severely injured one after another. The body of a deputy general Heavenly Court was tattered and had lost a lot of combat strength.

Neff, who was supported by the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, was actually so terrifying. However, Xu Tui’S ice seal also froze over like a shadow at this moment.

Under the enhancement of the Blizzard Domain, the ice seal could still affect Neff even if he relied on the power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to reach the early-stage Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

The ice froze. Then, Neff’s power erupted and he broke free from the ice seal. It kept sealing and being broken free by Neff. It did not seem to have affected Neff, but he had already realized the problem. He began to gamble on his consumption.

Under normal circumstances, he, a Six Satellites, would definitely be much stronger than the traitor, Kaedo. However, this was Kaedo’s blizzard domain. At the same time, four other Six Satellites were constantly looking for an opportunity to attack him.

In an instant, Neff understood that he had to risk his life. Otherwise, he would not be able to leave this place alive. In the next moment, a 20-centimeter-tall statue suddenly appeared in Neff’s hand.

The moment the statue appeared, Neff shouted, “The glory of the Lord is everywhere!” Holy light flickered from the statue and landed on Neff’s body again.

Neff’s aura soared from the early-stage of the Seven Satellites to the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites. His combat strength increased again.

Neff also threw out a small scepter condensed of holy light. The scepter instantly turned into the appearance of Bishop Xiliude.

The aura of a mid-stage Six Satellites. It was the incarnation of holy light in the Muya Holy Temple.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly changed. As expected, Neff, who had a mission, had many ways to save his life. The holy light incarnation of Xiliude, who was at the mid -stage of the Six Satellites, mechanically continued to enhance Neff with wisps of holy light.

Not only had Neff recovered from his injuries, but his aura had also soared to the late-stage of the Seven Satellites.

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. How many life-saving methods had Xiliude given Neff? It actually increases one’s strength to a late-stage Seven Satellites expert. With such strength, he could basically do whatever he wanted in the current small universe of the Heavenly Court.

After saying so much, Neff’s actions were actually completed in an instant. It was also at this moment that a small dark sword instantly appeared and slashed at Neff.

God Slaying Sword!

The distance was extremely short.

Neff was also disturbed by Xu Tui’s ice seal. This sword would definitely hit. It was also at this moment that a cold smile appeared on Neff’s face. His cultivation had just soared to the late-stage of the Seven Satellites.

Suddenly, his heart throbbed. Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword instantly slashed into his head.

The God Slaying Sword slashed in and instantly cut off the connection between the holy light and him. The holy light that was enhanced by the Lord’s statue and Xiliude•s holy light incarnation instantly erupted and blocked most of the divine might of the God Slaying Sword.

Basically, Neff’s mental body was not injured by the God Slaying Sword. However, it instantly consumed and cut off the two types of holy power that had augmented his body. They were the enhancement of the Lord’s holy power in the Tiny statue and Bishop Xiliude’s holy power incarnation.

Neff’s aura, which had just reached the late-stage of the Seven Satellites, instantly leaked out. He fell to the early-stage of the Seven Satellites and even fell back to the late-stage of the Six Satellites. Only Neff reacted quickly and activated the power in the other Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to stabilize his cultivation aura.

Neff wanted to activate the statue of the Lord and Xiliude’s holy power clone to support him again. If he had the strength of the late-stage Seven Satellites, he could slap the guards in front of him one by one.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not give him a chance. The moment he fluctuated, Xu Tui’s ice seal had already frozen Xiliude’s holy power incarnation. Although it was the incarnation of Bishop Xiliude’s holy power, it was only the incarnation of holy power. There were only Six Satellites fluctuations.

It was instantly frozen!

The rain of ice swords blasted towards Neff like rain. Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Bao Zhang, and Belas, who had just dealt with the other Muya Planetary realm experts, also blasted towards Neff.

Including Gabe and Derry, they were also attacking from afar.

In an instant, Neff was surrounded. However, the strength of the Neff in the early-stage Seven Satellites was still very terrifying. Although he was continuously hit under the siege, he did not suffer much damage. He was still constantly mobilizing the holy power in the Lord’s statue to participate in the defense.

However, there were too many attacks at once. He could not take it all in and could not strengthen himself. An extremely sharp sword light suddenly appeared in the rain of ice swords. The sword light was like lightning, but it did not hit Neff. It hit the statue of the Lord in Neff’s hand.

The Mountain Flying Sword pierced through the small statue. The holy light exploded like a watermelon. At the same time, Neff’s angry roar came. “Kaedo, how dare you disrespect the Lord!”

Xu Tui sneered and did not say anything. The continuous rain of ice swords and the ice seal made Neff tired. Especially in a short period of time, Neff had lost two life-saving treasures. His advantage was greatly reduced. This way, the attacks of Bao Zhang, Lang Xu, and the others from afar would become very fatal.

Neff also realized the danger and instantly made a decisive choice.

Escape!

He had to escape.

In this blizzard domain, Kaedo was too powerful. If he continued, he would definitely die. However, as long as he escaped from Kaedo’s home ground, he would have many chances.

Under the enhancement, he was only at the early-stage Planetary realm of the Seven Satellites. If he came to ambush Kaedo and the others, it would be as terrifying as it could be.

Ten seconds later, Neff suddenly seized the opportunity. The moment he dropped another Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, a holy light erupted and he instantly retreated in the direction of the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture. His figure was like lightning.

However, Neff did not know that the Blizzard Domain was Xu Tui’S home ground. It was more like his world. Xu Tui was omnipotent here. He suddenly had a feeling that he was a god in the Blizzard Domain.

Neff’s escape trajectory had already drawn a line in his heart. Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion. He instantly used his extremely fast reaction speed. Almost at the same time, an ice mountain quickly rose in the direction where Neff had fled.

Neff, who was running at high speed, crashed into the ice mountain like a bolt of lightning. The ice mountain continued to shatter and was continuously augmented by Xu Tui’S ice seal. It was also at this moment that he detonated the power in a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

He also had ways to spend money!

The eruption of holy power directly increased the power of Xu Tui’s ice seal. In an instant, Neff’s speed decreased rapidly. In the end, Neff was frozen into a huge lump of ice.

However, Neff was only trapped. The Mountain Flying Sword whistled as it blasted over. A few thin tunnels appeared in the ice lump under Xu Tui’s accurate control. Not only did the attacks of Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and the others continuously enter, but even Xu Tui’S Mountain Flying Sword also blasted in one after another.

Three Swords!

Under this siege, Neff only managed to withstand the third strike before his heart was instantly exploded by the Mountain Flying Sword. The moment the blood spurted out, the ice seal instantly froze along his wound and blood.

In an instant, a bone-piercing ice pierced through Neff’s mental body. Neff’s blood, muscles, and so on were completely frozen. Only his mental body still existed!

However, he was only alive. He was not a superb individual. He could not do anything. For the sake of caution, Xu Tui still turned the ice into an ice knife and cut off Neff’s head. He threw the body without the head to Derry. “Temper it when you’re free.”

Derry was overjoyed!

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He had finally killed Neff. Furthermore, he managed to capture Neff alive.

Neff was an important figure among the Muya people. He had to be interrogated. However, before interrogating Neff, Xu Tui first changed Kitawan’s physical body into a new deputy general.

In the battle just now, the body of the deputy general that Kitawan had possessed had been tattered by Neff and could not be used.

“Neff, I think we should be able to talk.” Xu Tui took out a Soul Crystal and began to purify it. He slowly spoke to Neff’s head in the ice in front of him..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1