Chapter 1481 - 1481: Blizzard Domain Cemetery

Chapter 1481 - 1481: Blizzard Domain Cemetery

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Bao Zhang and Derry fled at lightning speed.

Xu Tui, who was wearing the golden armor of the deputy general, instantly rose from the ground. In an instant, he became a 30-foot-tall giant, other than his head being a little small.

At the same time that the six layers of Vajra Barrier appeared,

Five vigilant teams had already rushed over from all directions. There were a total of five Five Satellites Gumyas, Five Satellites Planetary realm, and 25 quasi-planetary realm.

Xu Tui’s terrifying mental perception had already noticed that Xiang Zhi, Bunet, Lally, and the others at the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture had also noticed the commotion here.

Lally was a little stupid. After he noticed the strong energy fluctuations in the distance, he immediately became anxious. “An enemy is attacking. Lord Bunet, should you bring someone to take a look?”

Bunet glanced at Lally and shook his head firmly. “No , Lord Neff is the most important now. We have to defend this place. Moreover, the number of enemies is unknown. Our best method is to shrink the defense line and gather all our strength to find out the truth about the enemy.” In just an instant, Bunet shouted in all directions, “All alert teams, retreat. Don’t worry about your enemies.”

Lally still wanted to say something, but Neff’s voice had already come from the Shenxiao Prefecture.

“Lally, shut up. Leave it to Bunet to command!”

Lally wisely kept his mouth shut. He was indeed a little stupid in terms of tactics.

In the distance, Xu Tui had a look of regret. It would be great if the commander was that idiot, Lally. In that case, he only needed to use this move one by one to wipe out this group of Muyas. But now, it could no longer be done.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal blasted six quasi-planetary experts to death, the others had already received orders to retreat.

At this moment, Kitawan and the other three had just killed a target each. The members of the alert team who had just pounced over had already begun to retreat at lightning speed.

Xu Tui’s flying sword whistled as it shot out. Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Belas also chased after him at lightning speed. Before they retreated to the Shenxiao Prefecture, they each killed one to two more targets.

Unfortunately, most of them were quasi-planetary experts. Those Planetary realm experts retreated very quickly. Kitawan and the others were not good at speed.

The battle lasted less than five seconds before it ended.

Xu Tui and the others did not dare to chase to the Shenxiao Prefecture. That was where the main force of the Muyas was. The four Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses were there.

There were a total of 35 Planetary realm experts, including the Gumyas. Up until now, Xu Tui had only killed ten of them.

There were still 25 people.

Among the 25 people, nearly half of them were at the Five Satellites Planetary realm. There were also four Six Satellites. So Xu Tui and the others did not dare to fight head-on.

If he did not handle it well, he would be reduced to ashes.

After Xu Tui gave the order to Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others, he suddenly dodged to the side. He wiped his face and his muscles changed. He took off his golden helmet and golden armor and changed into the white robe unique to the officiant.

Officiant Kaedo had returned.

In the next moment, Xu Tui used his consciousness to give an order to Kitawan and the others. While he was executing the next tactic, Officiant Kaedo, who had just returned, instantly disappeared.

“It’S me!” Xu Tui shouted in a low voice, and Bunet shouted, “Don’t attack. It’S Kaedo. It’S Kaedo. He’S one of us.” The dozens of auras retracted at the same time. He quickly returned to the front of the Shenxiao Prefecture. “The enemy has arrived. How is Lord Neff?”

“It’s not over.” Bunet shook his head. “By the way, Kaedo, did you find the enemy?”

Up until now, the Muyas were not very sure about the enemies. Even the group of people who had just escaped spoke their own words because of the chaos. Some said three to four Seven Satellites, while others said four to five Six Satellites.

Some even said that there were six to seven Eight Satellites.

Hearing this, Bunet and the others became extremely nervous.

“My mind power met theirs and roughly understood the enemy’s situation. There are four to eight deputy generals. I only saw three people from the Blue Star. The strongest is the Six Satellites, and there’s also a Five Satellites. The other one uses a sword. His cultivation and aura are unknown,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s right, that’s right. There’s indeed a person who uses a sword. He’s very powerful. He instantly killed one of our seniors with a single strike,” a Muya who had just escaped death said anxiously.

There were four to eight deputy generals, three Blue Star humans with the strength of Five Satellites and Six Satellites. This lineup made Bunet and the others look at each other in shock. In terms of literal power, this power could definitely crush them. They had no advantage in terms of individuals.

The only advantage was that there were many people. However, the advantage of having more people was often unreliable. Bunet was still very talented as a commander. After being shocked for a few seconds, he immediately made detailed tactical arrangements.

“More people is our only advantage! We would defend to the death! We have to defend to the death. After Lord Neff refines the seal here, we won’t be afraid of the powerful enemies here.” Soon, Bunet adjusted his formation.

The remaining 29 quasi-planets were arranged by Bunet to be closest to Shenxiao Prefecture, especially quasi -planets that could be bombarded from afar. The three Six Satellites Planetary realms and Five Satellites were at the front, while the other Planetary realms were in the middle.

According to Bunet•s strategy, if the enemy attacked, the Six Satellites and Five Satellites would be at the front while the others would focus fire from afar. These quasi-planetary experts and low-level Planetary realm experts had no advantage in close combat. Only by focusing fire from afar could they threaten high-level Planetary realm experts.

It had to be said that Bunet’s strategy was well-arranged and wise.

However, Xu Tui complained in his heart.

Bunet’s arrangement directly broke most of his tactics. This was because Kitawan and the other guards of the Heavenly Court did not have outstanding attacks. If it was close combat, he could still kill other Planetary realms with their strength.

Under such a tactical arrangement, there would definitely be heavy casualties if they charged forward. Even if Xu Tui exposed his identity, he would probably not be able to save their mental bodies. In that case, he could only execute the fifth tactic.

After Bunet made all the tactical arrangements, everyone felt a little more at ease. Although the enemy had vaguely appeared around them, they did not dare to charge in. At this moment, they only needed to defend.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui spoke. “Lord Bunet, do you remember my Blizzard Domain?”

“Of course I remember! ” He had a deep impression of Xu Tui’S Blizzard Domain. It was a humiliation, but it was also the deepest memory. However, it disappeared as Xu Tui saved his life on the Karsnai asteroid. His memories of the Blizzard Domain would always be awe-inspiring.

“Lord Bunet, after I broke through to the Planetary realm, the Blizzard Domain has strengthened again. I can even use Origin Crystals to enhance it.

“I felt that if I condensed the Blizzard Domain in advance, not only would my Blizzard Domain be able to discover the Seven Satellites immediately if the enemy attacked, but it would also be able to interfere.

“It can greatly affect the Six Satellites and the Five Satellites. It should be very useful if there’s a battle,” Xu Tui said sincerely.

“That’s right!” Bunet slapped his thigh. “Why didn’t I think of that? Previously, your Blizzard Domain could trap me, a Planetary realm cultivator of the Five Satellites. Then it will definitely not be a

problem to trap the Planetary realm of the Six Satellites or even interfere with the Planetary realm of the Seven Satellites.”

“In fact, those deputy generals in the Seven Satellites can at most unleash the combat strength of the mid to late-stage of the Six Satellites,” Xiang Zhi added.

“Then this is effective against everyone’s enemies.” After Bunet finished speaking, he said to Xu Tui anxiously, “Lord Kaedo, you have to be fast. Hurry up and get out of your blizzard domain. The earlier you get it out, the safer we will be.” Xu Tui nodded and said, “It’s not a problem to get it out, but it will affect us a little.”

“What impact?” Bunet was stunned.

“It’s cold.”

Bunet was stunned, then laughed out loud. “What kind of impact is this? Who can’t withstand the cold? Besides, what’s a little cold compared to the safety of their lives? Hurry, hurry, hurry!” Bunet urged.

“Alright, I’ll do it immediately. However, in order to make my Blizzard Domain stronger and easier to affect and injure the enemies of the Six Satellites or the Seven Satellites, I need to use a portion of my Origin Crystals to increase my power. In a while, I’ll spill a portion of my Origin Crystals…”

“You want to consume a large number of Origin Crystals to increase your power, right?” Bunet suddenly interrupted Xu Tui.

“Yes, I just wanted to remind…”

“How many Origin Crystals do you need?” Bunet interrupted Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He suddenly understood what Bunet meant. Bunet wanted to give him Origin Crystals to increase the power of the Blizzard Domain.

This was really…

“This requires at least 5,000 grams. It will be more powerful if there are more,” Xu Tui said hesitantly.

“Lord Bunet, don’t worry. I have this much Origin Crystal.”

Hearing this, Bunet waved his hand to stop him. “How can I let you save everyone’s lives alone? Let’s do it together. Everyone, listen to my orders. In order to strengthen Lord Kaedo’s Blizzard Domain, every quasi-planets will throw out 100 grams of Origin Crystals. All Planetary realms will throw out 500 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Then, Bunet took the lead and threw out a kilogram of Origin Crystals.

In just a few seconds, there were more than 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals in front of the Shenxiao Prefecture. Even if the Gumyas were excluded, there were still 16 Planetary realm experts in the Muyas.

Xu Tui suddenly laughed when he saw this. He chuckled and took out two bottles of mineral water to pour out. In an instant, a cold wind blew and ice and snow gradually appeared.

In the next moment, he spread out his mind power. He activated the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals to enhance the Blizzard Domain.

The blizzard domain became stronger and stronger.

Xu Tui was wondering if this was the Blizzard Domain Cemetery that the Muyas had dug for themselves..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1