Chapter 1483 - 1483: Not Betrayal!

Chapter 1483 - 1483: Not Betrayal!

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lally instantly turned into an ice sculpture.

Lally was only at the Three Satellites Planetary realm. When the incident happened, Lally’s mind power swept through the area where the explosion occurred. He did not expect the ice seal in the Blizzard Domain to land on him.

The ice seal that was heavily augmented with money was extremely terrifying. In an instant, it froze Lally from the inside out.

Lally’S mind power could already sense that his body had become a piece of ice from the inside out. Even the brain matter in his head had turned into ice. Scientifically speaking, the physical form had changed. In other words, LallY’S body had already died at this moment.

But because of the power of his mind power, LallY’S mental body still existed. Yet it was only there. His mental body could not leave his body. He was frozen in the ice and could not even feel fear or warn him. He could only watch all of this like a bystander.

It was also at this moment that Lally realized that there was a problem with Kaedo. There was really something wrong with Kaedo. However, no one had believed him before. No one would believe him now either. In a while, no one would have a chance to believe him.

Because after him, the next to be frozen was Bunet!

As the temporary commander of the Muyas, Bunet was equivalent to a combat brain. He was Xu Tui’s main target. In an instant, the ice seal froze with all its might.

Similarly, although Bunet was extremely vigilant, his attention was focused on the shadowy enemies in front of him. He did not expect the first wave of fatal attacks to come from Kaedo, whom he trusted greatly behind him.

It came from the blizzard domain that he had personally called for everyone to smash with Origin Crystals.

Compared to more than half a year ago, Bunet’s cultivation had also increased, but not by much. However, Xu Tui’S blizzard domain and ice seal today had increased by more than two to three times compared to more than half a year ago.

Therefore, just as Bunet had said, Xu Tu’s blizzard domain could freeze the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

As a result. Bunet. with the strength of Five. Satellites. was undoubtedly frozen. He was frozen solid.

Of course, his situation was a little better than Lally’s. The moment he was frozen, he was still trying his best to mobilize all his strength to resist the terrifying bone-piercing cold. His physical body was still alive. It was only impossible to escape in a short period of time.

Xu Tui had only superimposed two ice seals on him.

“Kaedo, why? Kaedo, answer me. Why? Why?” In the huge ice cube, Bunet roared with agitation and anger. He could not understand why his closest and most trusted comrade would betray them here!

Why did he attack them? It was also at this moment that Bunet understood. It was a conspiracy! This Blizzard Domain was probably Kaedo’s scheme from the beginning to the end. What was laughable was that he actually called for everyone to use their Origin Crystals to enhance Kaedo’s Blizzard Domain.

It was inexplicably ironic.

However, most of it was pain and heartache. Bunet could not understand why his most trusted comrade would betray them and ambush them at this moment.

The blizzard was really Xu Tui’s super home ground. In the next moment, he activated his mind power and the ice seal appeared again. This time, Xu Tui’S target was another Six Satellites Planetary realm Gumya, Xiang Zhi.

Xiang Zhi was indeed a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse who had removed the spirit control. The moment Xu Tui’S ice seal was sealed, the energy around his body exploded and shattered Xu Tui’S first wave of ice seals.

But the deputy generals possessed by Kitawan and Feng Ran attacked Xiang Zhi at the predetermined location. It should not be a problem for Xiang Zhi, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse who had removed the control of his spirit, to fight one of them.

However, it was very strenuous for Xiang Zhi to fight two people, including Xu Tui’s interference. Especially since Kitawan and Feng Ran were attacking from above. It blasted Xiang Zhi, who had just jumped to the ground alertly, back to the ground.

The ground was covered in ice and snow. In an instant, the two ice puppets and the ice seal surrounded Xiang Zhi the moment he landed. Even though Xiang Zhi was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse who had removed the control of his spirit, he was still hit on the spot.

He was frozen. Then, under Xu Tui’S precise control, he dispersed the coldness around Xiang Zhi’S frozen head. Below Xiang Zhi’s head, it was completely frozen in place with the ground. Only his head was exposed. This was a pure live target. Kitawan and Feng Ran’s energy accurately pierced through Xiang Zhi’s glabella.

On the Muyas’ side, the first Six Satellites Planetary realm was killed.

The other Five Satellites Muyas who were pouncing toward the other figures were all at a loss. Their target was a lifeless ice sculpture. They could not understand what was going on. This was especially so for most of them. They were all Five Satellites Gumya. Their mental bodies had a restriction, so they were not too smart.

Commander Bunet was frozen, and no one commanded them.

Kitawan and Feng Ran, who had just killed Xiang Zhi, locked onto one of their targets and pounced towards the Five Satellites Gumyas.

Xu Tui’s mind power had already intervened in the battle between Bao Zhang and Xuan Tan. The battle between Bao Zhang and Xuan Tan was evenly matched. It could even be said that Xuan Tan was a little stronger than Bao Zhang.

Bao Zhang could restrain Xuan Tan, but it was basically impossible for him to defeat or even kill him. However, it was different with Xu Tui’s intervention. They were both sealed in ice, but Xuan Tan’s performance was just like Xiang Zhi’s. He was only a little stronger than Xiang Zhi.

However, it was useless.

With Bao Zhang’s full-powered attack restraining him, Xu Tui’S ice seal flashed three times in a row. It froze Xuan Tan and killed him.

The second Six Satellites Planetary realm was killed!

Around them, the Five Satellites Planetary realm Gumyas were searching for the enemy like headless flies. Without any command or reminder, they had not realized that the enemy was Officiant Kaedo.

This was especially so with the interference of the Blizzard Domain. As a result, they could not find their true enemies.

However, Kitawan, Feng Ran, and Bao Zhang, these three powerful Six Satellites Planetary realm, were constantly harvesting the lives of these Gumyas, whose true combat strength was only that of the Four Satellites.

Lang Xu and Belas were besieging Yang Mo.

Yang MO was born in the Southern Dipper Manor.

Xu Tui had wanted to create an opportunity for Lang Xu and Belas to kill him together like Xiang Zhi and Xuan Tan.

On second thought, he had already killed two of the most threatening Six Satellites Planetary realm experts. He might be able to try the last one, Yang Mo.

This was because Yang MO came from the Southern Dipper Manor, and Xu Tui had refined about 10% of the seal from the beginning. Over the past few hours, he had subtly refined it. Coupled with the enhancement of the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal, the refinement progress had already reached 14%.

Xu Tui felt that he could give it a try. In the next moment, his Southern Dipper True Lord Seal instantly flew up. It activated and shone brightly. The might of the seal enveloped Yang Mo.

“Yang MO, I’m here. Hurry up and listen!”

Yang MO was only the person in charge of guarding the residence. There were six other Star Lords above him. The True Lord was the superior of his superior. He had accumulated power for countless years.

According to Bao Zhang, Xu Tui could only activate the seal to control the others if he refined most of the seal. However, this fear or sense of obedience seemed to exist in his heart instinctively.

As Xu Tui roared, Yang MO instinctively stood rooted to the ground. Almost at the same time, Lang Xu and Belas charged toward the Five Satellites Gumyas even without Xu Tui’s instructions.

Only Belas’s combat strength was a little weaker. Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Bao Zhang could deal with one of these Gumyas who only had mid- to late-stage Four Satellites combat strength and was not too smart. Although it was not a massacre, they could kill one in a few moves.

Xu Tui saw that Yang MO was stunned on the spot. He had not completely controlled him, so he took advantage of Yang Mo’s lack of reaction to use the ice seal to control him. He would eliminate the hidden dangers first and completely subdue them later. It had only been seven seconds since the two three-phase thermal bombs exploded.

Just as Xu Tui was about to use the ice seal to help Kitawan and the others quickly end the battle and deal with Neff, an extremely powerful energy barged into Xu Tui’S Blizzard Domain. Then, a furious roar sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. “Kaedo, why did you do that!”

Neff roared like thunder! His entire body was enveloped by a dense holy light. He was like a cannonball with a long tail of light. He brought with him a terrifying energy wave as he slammed into Xu Tui.

His powerful strength knew that something was wrong with Xu Tui the moment he rushed in. This move was extremely sharp and terrifying! If it was an ordinary Two Satellites and Three Satellites Planetary realm cultivator, even a Four Satellites Planetary realm cultivator would be instantly killed by Neff.

In his anger, Neff activated his holy power to support himself. However, his target was Xu Tui. It was Xu Tui in the Blizzard Domain.

Xu Tui’s caution had been honed through countless life-and-death situations. The moment the battle started, he put on the Vajra Barrier. The moment Neff attacked with all his might, an ice mountain appeared in front of Xu Tui. The ice mountain shattered. Neff’s attack landed on Xu Tui. The Vajra Barrier only broke through four layers.

Xu Tui was unscathed.

“It’s good that you’re out!” Xu Tui looked at Neff, who was chasing after him, and sneered. The ice mountain kept rising to block Neff.

“Kaedo, why?” Neff roared! He did not understand! He could not understand why Kaedo would do that.

“It’s normal not to understand!”

“Tell me the reason! Why did you betray us!” Neff roared as he chased after him.

“Betray you? That’s not even close! Because I am a human of the Blue Star!” As he spoke, Xu Tui wiped his face and removed his disguise.

Neff was stunned!

At the same time, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, and Bao Zhang, the four Six Satellites, pounced at Neff at the same time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1