Chapter 1485 - 1485: Harvest And Sacred Artifact Clone

Chapter 1485 - 1485: Harvest and Sacred Artifact Clone

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Neff was already in despair. There was no hope of turning the tables in this battle. However, when Xu Tui said that, Neff perked up.

“Kaedo, can you tell me your real identity? How did you disguise yourself as Kaedo and sneak into us? Under normal circumstances, that’s definitely impossible! ” This was what Neff was most curious about.

“Of course.” Xu Tui’s words made Neff overjoyed. However, the next sentence made Neff shut his mouth. “Of course, I can answer your question, but the prerequisite is that you have to answer my question. Let’s each ask the other a question, right? As my captive, I should be the first to ask questions.”

“Sure.” After a moment’s hesitation, Neff agreed.

“Tell me about your detailed plan to enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court.”

Xu Tui’s first question made Neff shut his mouth tightly. After a few seconds of silence, Neff said, “Change the question. I won’t answer you.”

“Then I want to know what you will do next after you obtain the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole?” Xu Tui asked.

Neff remained silent. A few seconds later, he shook his head again. “Change the question.”

“What are the specific conditions for the establishment of the intergalactic holy power channel of the Muyas? Is it under construction now? Or were there any other intergalactic channels? These are three questions. You can answer any of these three questions,” Xu Tui said.

Neff was silent again. A few seconds later, Neff suddenly said slowly, “Forget it, there’s no need to ask. Kill me, Kaedo. Of course, if I have the honor, please let me know your real name before I die. To be honest, recalling everything you’ve done before, I’m really impressed. You’re a worthy enemy. Although I wish I could cut you up at this moment!”

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be silent. Neff was much tougher than he had imagined. He actually wanted to die.

“Lord Neff, actually, you have a chance to survive! Just like them, I can give you the corpse of a guard of the Heavenly Court…”

“Being a captive is already a disgrace to the glory of the Lord. Kill me. I only want to die!” Neff said.

Xu Tui was silent. He could sense Neff’s determination to die through the passive resonance in his mind. He was very determined! This was a stark contrast to Belas, Carrillo, Gabe, and the others.

“Alright.” Xu Tui knew very well that the will of some people was very difficult to destroy. Of course, it was hard to say that after they were handed over to

Yang Huai. However, Xu Tui did not have the time now. “Blue Star, Huaxia, Xu Tui!”

As soon as he said those words, Xu Tui’s mind power instantly enveloped Neff’s head and tempered it. Neff was a worthy enemy with a resolute resistance. However, that did not mean that Xu Tui had to be kind to him. These invaders were all covered in the blood of the Blue Star humans.

Refining him with the method of refining Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals was his best reward. However, Neff was also unyielding. He did not scream. He endured Xu Tui’s tempering until his mental body collapsed.

During the refinement process, Xu Tui refined Neff’s head while he arrived in front of the frozen Lally. Before Xu Tui could speak, Lally sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui’s consciousness. “Lord Kaedo, I surrender! I surrender.

I’ll do anything as long as you let me live!”

Xu Tui was a little speechless. This was really ironic. Among the Muyas, the priests who Neff and the others called the emissaries of the Lord surrendered faster than the others. On the other hand, Neff and the other low-level bloodline nobles were more determined than the other.

There was Darak from before and Neff now. Although they had to kill them all, they were indeed very determined in terms of faith.

For a moment, Xu Tui wanted to kill Lally. He felt a little disgusted. It seemed that he had taken in a bunch of people with weak beliefs.

However, it was only for a moment. If they all had strong determination, where would he be able to take in and control the captives? As long as he controlled them well, people like Belas, Carrillo, Lang Xu, and the others would be very useful.

As a result, Xu Tui happily accepted Lally’s surrender. Then, it was naturally the standard procedure. He first planted a Spiritual Mark, then strengthened advanced hypnosis before giving him the corpse of a colonel.

He had no choice. Little Six was not here, so Kitawan and the others could only use their seals to appoint Lally as the colonel. With the strength of Lally’s mental body, he should be able to unleash the combat strength of the mid to late-stage of the Five Satellites.

Of course, as the price of surrendering, Lally handed his holy power bag to Xu Tui. It had to be said that the officiant of the Muyas was a very rich group. There were 15 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens in Lally’s holy power bag. At this moment, Xu Tui had benefited.

Not only did it make up for all of Xu Tui’s previous consumption, but there were more. Other than that, there were 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals in Lally’s holy power bag. This made Xu Tui a small fortune.

Coupled with the Origin Crystals found on the other Planetary realms, Xu Tui’s number of Origin Crystals returned to 170,000.

Xu Tui felt that he had the confidence to spend money. It was worth mentioning that Neff’s holy power bag had also been found by Derry and handed over to Xu Tui. Xu Tui had also earned a sum of money.

There were 21 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens in Neff’s holy power bag. After the accumulation, Xu Tui had almost 100 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens in his hand. As the commander of the 4th Combat Brigade, Neff had also seized a lot from the previous battles. The Origin Crystals in the holy power bag were as high as 50,000 grams.

This allowed the Origin Crystal in Xu Tui’s hand to reach the height of 220,000 grams again. He immediately felt like he had recovered his HP. This feeling made Xu Tui feel very good.

However, what made him the most excited was that he found seven holy light balls in Neff’s holy power bag. Before this, Neff had exchanged and consumed more than a dozen holy light balls. There were still seven left.

As expected, Bishop Xiliude had other arrangements.

Other than that, there was also a palm-sized book in Neff’s holy power bag. However, he could not see what the book was. It was wrapped in a ball of holy power.

Neff must know. Unfortunately, he was already dead. After Xu Tui refined

Neff’s head, Neff’s head successfully contributed 38 grams of Soul Crystal and 17 grams of Blood Crystal to Xu Tui.

There were not many blood crystals because the corpse had not been refined.

However, the number of soul crystals refined from Neff’s head exceeded Xu Tui’s expectations. He was close to a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Supernatural Branch.

Neff had his reasons for being strong. After putting these away, Xu Tui walked toward the last captive, Commander Bunet of the fifth combat brigade of the Muya Expeditionary Force.

It was time to deal with him.

However, Xu Tui suddenly looked outside when he was walking.

Xu Tui did not deliberately maintain his Blizzard Domain because the battle was over. It had already begun to slowly dissipate.

However, because of the money he spent previously, the Blizzard Domain was powerful. Although it was dissipating now, the speed at which it dissipated was not fast. The Blizzard Domain was still there.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly felt something strange. He felt as if he was being spied on in the Blizzard Domain. At the same time, the passive resonance of his spiritual resonance also gave Xu Tui a faint sense of danger.

There were enemies!

Furthermore, he was a hidden enemy. They were spying on him from afar. Who could it be? Moreover, this enemy should be very strong. Otherwise, the feedback from his spiritual resonance and mental perception would not be so weak. Or perhaps the other party had a powerful technique to hide his aura.

Xu Tui carefully searched the Blizzard Domain with his mind power. He began to accelerate the speed of the purifying Soul Crystal with his left hand to recover the power of the God Slaying Sword. Then, he slowly arrived in front of

Bunet.

“Mr. Bunet, you should have seen everything that happened before! I think I can give you a chance to live. Yes, fight for me like them! When there’s a

suitable opportunity in the future, I’ll give you a stronger body or even freedom.”

To be honest, Xu Tui admired Bunet. Therefore, he took out a certain amount of sincerity when he first recruited him. He even made a show of it.

After all, Bunet was a Planetary realm powerhouse at the peak of the Five Satellites. If he possessed a deputy general of the Seven Satellites, the combat strength he erupted with would definitely be the combat strength of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

It was not like Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others who could only unleash the combat strength of the Six Satellites at most. Moreover, Bunet’s tactical ability was also very outstanding. He had come into contact with the higher-ups in the Muyas and should know more secrets.

To be honest, Xu Tui had high hopes for recruiting Bunet.

Bunet’s expression became very painful and difficult. A few seconds later, Bunet shook his head with difficulty. “Kaedo, although you are a traitor, I still have to thank you for saving my life back then. No matter what your motive is, my faith in the Lord was extremely pious. Nothing could shake my faith in the Lord. Including death!” As he spoke, he actually started praying in front of Xu Tui. He looked as if life and death were meaningless.

Xu Tui: ‘ .

It was another one! There was a sharp contrast between Bunet, Neff, Lally, Carillo, and the others. Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do.

“Alright, Mr. Bunet. In that case, I can only send you on your way,” Xu Tui said.

“Thank you, Kaedo! Although I know that your name is Xu Tui, I still prefer your name to be Kaedo.” Bunet closed his eyes again and began to pray firmly.

“Mr. Bunet, can you tell me what this is?” Xu Tui took out the small book wrapped in holy light that he had obtained from Neffs holy power bag.

“This… It’s useless even if you know! This is a clone of the Book of Enlightenment, one of the four holy artifacts bestowed upon us by our Lord.” Bunet said.

“What’s the use?”

“I don’t know.” Bunet shook his head slowly. “Alright, I’ll give you a quick death.”

“Thank you!”

Xu Tui’s quick death was to kill Bunet first before tempering him. These extraterrestrial invaders should be tempered. When he was killing Bunet, Xu

Tui once again noticed the spying from before..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1