Chapter 1498 - 1498: Mount Heng Divine Seal

Chapter 1498 - 1498: Mount Heng Divine Seal

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was very surprised. He had already prepared his mental hammer to teleport. If the guy lurking alone saw him kill the Spiritual Race’s elite team and escape immediately, he would use his mental hammer or teleport to stop him.

Of the two, one of them would be able to stop him. However, the guy who was lurking alone did not escape. That was very surprising.

How confident did he have in his concealment ability?

However, he had to admit that he had the capital to be confident.

Up until now, Xu Tui had only discovered him through the microscopic perception of his mental perception. He had also relied on the guidance of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole.

Otherwise, how long would he have to search inch by inch with his microscopic perception?

As for the two Six Satellites Gumyas, Xu Tui no longer needed to do anything.

Bao Zhang and Yang MO had already pounced out of Shenxiao Prefecture.

However, the four of them were equally strong. Even if Bao Zhang and Yang

MO seized the initiative, they would not be able to win in a short period of time.

Xu Tui had originally wanted to deal with this solo spy. That was why he had ordered Bao Zhang and Yang MO to attack. Since this guy did not run away, he was not in a hurry.

In that case, he would help Bao Zhang and Yang MO kill them first.

In the next moment, Xu Tui had already condensed his mental hammer. It instantly flashed twice. When the mental hammer blasted out, the main and secondary main force fields in Xu Tui’s body naturally enhanced the new star of the mental hammer.

It instantly increased the power of the mental hammer, which was originally only three stars, to four and a half stars. Its power also greatly increased.

The two Six Satellites Gumyas swayed as if they were drunk with a hammer each to their heads. Bao Zhang and Yang MO seized the opportunity and severely injured the enemy. The enemy who was lying in ambush alone still did not leave.

Xu Tui was a little happy when he saw this scene. He was bold and ambitious.

Good!

In that case, he would let him be more confident and give him a little more time.

Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the earthen yellow seal that had already appeared in the air. Previously, when his Mountain Seal had blasted down, it had wanted to help resist it. It had the power of autonomous defense.

Autonomous defense was another function of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Duty Seal. It could be considered a benefit of the Heavenly Court’s clergy. Its defense power was usually related to the level of the Divine Duty Seal.

But the autonomous defense could act as a warning for sneak attacks. The time was very short. There was a prerequisite for activating this ability. One had to either refine more than 80% of the seal of the Heavenly Court or obtain the title.

There was no need to explain the degree of refinement. There were actually two processes for the conferment of the Divine Role of the Heavenly Court.

One was to be conferred the title, and the other was to sit in court.

In these two processes, being conferred had directly jumped the refinement process of a Heavenly Court’s Divine Role Seal to 80%.

Sitting in the court would be to bring the seal to the respective court and take over the court. He would take over all the power, subordinates, missions and responsibilities. Only after completing the mission could he completely complete the process of conferring the title and obtain this Deity Position.

From the situation just now, the seal that Chi Qing controlled had an autonomous defensive reaction, but it was stopped by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. It meant that Chi Qing had only obtained the title and had not completely obtained this Deity Position.

Why did he say that?

This was because in the ancient Heavenly Court, the so-called ruler and subject relationship was only a master-subordinate relationship. It was not a master-servant relationship. The level of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was extremely high, but it could not abandon its owner even if the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole personally came.

The so-called ruler and subject relationship was more like the relationship between the Tang, Song, and Ming Dynasties in the history of Huaxia. It was not the kind of servant-like relationship that the Qing Dynasty said that if the ruler wanted the subject to die, the subject had to die.

If Chi Qing had completely refined this seal, or if he had completely completed the conferment process and truly obtained this position, then the autonomous defense of the seal would definitely be activated. Even if it was broken, it would definitely be activated.

However, the reality was that this seal had been frightened away by the might of the Longevity Emperor Seal. That meant that Chi Qing’s seal had been conferred by the imperial edict and had not completed the conferment process.

Why did he make such a judgment?

This was because under normal circumstances, it had only been two to three days since everyone had entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Even if Xu Tui had an auxiliary treasure like the red fire slip, he would not be able to refine a seal 100%.

In that case, Chi Qing would definitely be conferred the title!

If Chi Qing was conferred the title, it meant that the Spiritual Race had definitely completely obtained a mid- to high-level divine position in the Heavenly Court.

This conclusion was very important. This was an important reason why Xu Tui was thinking for a moment.

Up until now, Xu Tui had many methods at his disposal, but he had yet to completely obtain a clergy seal. In that case, how did the Spiritual Race obtain a clergy seal in a short period of time and even implemented a conferment?

Fortunately, Chi Qing did not complete the process of conferring the title. Otherwise, the seal would only spontaneously return to its court and stand here in a daze.

Xu Tui paid attention to the hidden person who was still full of confidence as he activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. His mind power slowly wrapped around the seal. With the help of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he quickly refined the seal.

Perhaps it was because of the conferment, or perhaps it was because the Longevity Emperor Seal had been refined to a relatively low level, but the seal still resisted.

Xu Tui had no choice but to use the red light of the red fire slip to enter the seal. As expected, with this red light and the help of the Longevity Emperor

Seal, the refinement progress instantly soared to 2%. Then, the resistance was

It became obedient and relaxed after entering once.

Perhaps it was because of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, but the refinement speed was relatively fast. During the refinement process, Xu Tui realized that this seal could vaguely resonate with his new star.

He immediately activated the Mountain Nova and his mind power, and the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to refine it. A magical scene happened. It actually produced an effect similar to using the red fire slip to refine it. It could even be said that it was a little faster than refining it with the red light with the red fire slip.

During the refinement process, Xu Tui’s body actually felt an inexplicable boiling sensation. But he could not find where the boiling sensation was with his introspection. Yet, this boiling feeling really existed.

Finally, under the illusory introspection, he suddenly realized that it was a

gene and a bloodline. It was his genetic bloodline that was boiling. It was boiling because he had refined the seal. There was only one reason. This seal had an extremely close relationship with Huaxia. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have had such a feeling.

In just six minutes, the refinement progress had soared to 5%.

At this moment, Xu Tui finally knew the name of this seal—the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

In other words, the Great Seal of the Hengshan Mountain God. It was the Hengshan Emperor, one of the mountain gods.

However, the so-called emperor was actually a respectful title in the public.

The level of the Mount Heng Divine Seal was actually rather low.

It was one level lower than the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal that Xu Tui had refined previously. The Star Lord was at the Seven Satellites Planetary Realm, and his subordinate was at the Six Satellites Planetary Realm.

In that case, the Spiritual Race had at least completely obtained a clergy similar to the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal or a higher level. Furthermore, it was a clergy that could command the Five Mountain Gods.

Such a clergy could still be found.

However, Xu Tui was not in the mood to study it. He was focused on refining the Mount Heng Divine Seal. The more he refined, the more pleasantly surprised he became.

Although the level of the Mount Heng Divine Seal was very low, it was very useful to him.

The Spiritual Race had given Xu Tui a huge gift this time.

This was not only because it was compatible with his bloodline and could allow him to quickly refine it. Most importantly, once he completely refined it, he could use this seal to participate in both attack and defense.

Most importantly, this Mount Heng Divine Seal was compatible with his Mountain Nova’s attributes. It could be used with the Mountain Nova.

With the Mount Heng Divine Seal as the core and the Mountain Star as the internal resonance, the power of instantiation of the Mountain Formula would definitely double.

He had another ace in the hole.

How could Xu Tui not be happy? Especially since the refinement progress was very fast. This was also the reason why Cai Shaochu and the others could obtain the seals of the Four Blasphemies Dragon God.

Of course, the rapid refinement progress was only relative to the other seals.

Currently, based on the current speed, it was estimated that it would take three to four hours, or perhaps five hours, to completely refine it. After thinking about it, Xu Tui decided to refine it to 10% first. He would slowly refine it after he refined it to the point where he could put it into his body.

At this moment, time could not be delayed. He had to find an opportunity to destroy the Spiritual Race as soon as possible. Or rather, he had to see if he could interfere with or interrupt the process of refining the Six Imperial Seals.

As he refined it, Xu Tui swept his gaze past the place where the individual lurker was hiding.

This guy was really patient.

500 meters away, Mana Aoyama tried his best to activate his cultivation technique to hide his aura. He lowered all his life fluctuations to the lowest state.

“Enough. I’ve obtained enough information. Furthermore, this information is very important. I have to leave…” Seeing that Xu Tui was refining the seal, Mana Aoyama felt that it was time for him to leave. Furthermore, the other party was refining the seal. The other two Six Satellites Muyas, were dealing the final blow to their opponent. This was the best time to leave. “Slow down. I have to be slow and be stable.”

He kept reminding himself that he had to use his unique method to slowly move. He was about to leave. He had just moved when Xu Tui, who was refining the Mount Heng Divine Seal, shifted his gaze. “You’re finally leaving? Then I’ll give you a surprise.”

In the next moment, Mana Aoyama suddenly felt something strange above his head. He had just looked up when he saw a hammer.

Then, he fainted!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1