Chapter 1490 - 1490: Can It Be Overlayed? (3)

Chapter 1490 - 1490: Can It Be Overlayed? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The red light of three to four wisps of red fire slip could increase Xu Tui’s refinement progress by 1%. It was already fast enough compared to the normal refinement speed.

However, the problem was that Xu Tui did not have much of the red fire slip left. Previously, he had expended a lot of energy and only kept 15 of them. Later on, he recovered a little, which was only 18 of them.

Ten minutes later, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole in Shenxiao Prefecture trembled slightly. It leaned slightly toward Xu Tui, and an obscure aura came over.

Xu Tui probed with his mind power. He heaved a sigh of relief when he sensed this obscure aura.

After the initial refinement, Xu Tui could basically control the entrance of the Shenxiao Prefecture. However, it was only the opening and closing of the door. The other halls in the hall could not be opened.

If someone was like Xu Tui and used several Heavenly Court’s seals to call the door of Shenxiao Prefecture, Xu Tui would be able to use the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to control them.

Other people had to obtain Xu Tui’s approval before the door would be opened. If Xu Tui did not agree, the door would not open. This way, the Shenxiao Prefecture became a safe house.

Xu Tui was safe for the time being. However, the other problem was that the refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole had once again fallen to a turtle’s speed. This time, he had a clearer comparison with the previous refinement progress.

At his current refinement speed, he estimated that he would need about 18 years to completely refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

It was really slow!

Xu Tui would probably die here after 18 years. Of course, he could also bring the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole out to slowly refine it. And that would take even longer. It might take decades.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and activated his mind power. He took out the Ji

Shui Star Lord Seal, the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, the Jingmu Star Lord Seal, and the Huo De Star Lord Seal one by one. He began to use the divine light of these seals to try to assist in the refinement.

Little Six had previously said that the more seals he refined and mastered, the faster he would refine a Six Imperial Seal like the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Ten minutes later, the results were out.

It was indeed useful. However, the enhancement effect did not increase qualitatively. Basically, Xu Tui felt that the time he took to refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole would indeed be shortened when he guided the power of the seal.

The Ji Shui and Jingmu Star Lord Seals, and the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal could reduce the overall refinement time by half a year. It was different for the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal. After joining individually, time would be halved. With four seals activated at the same time, the overall time could be reduced by more than a year.

However, it would still take about 17 years.

It was so long!

“If I had dozens of such seals, I would probably be able to refine this seal within a year or two.” Such a thought flashed past Xu Tui’s mind. Then, he smiled bitterly.

Forget about dozens of such seals. It was a little difficult. He might as well use it to recover the red light of the red fire slip. Comparatively, this was actually easier.

The red light of the red fire slip was that when Xu Tui was cultivating, the red fire slip would take 20% of its power. The power that was taken would enter the red fire slip. If it accumulated too much, it would become a red light.

It was not slow to cultivate seriously.

For example, when he was cultivating in the past, he could condense a red light after three to five days of bitter cultivation. In that case, he would be able to refine 1% of the seal in about 20 days. If he refined it to more than 10%, he would be able to keep the Longevity Emperor Seal in his body.

He was still 5% short of progress.

100 days.

This time was acceptable. He would refine it and put it into his body first. He would leave with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole before slowly plotting something else. Otherwise, it would not be good to be trapped in Shenxiao Prefecture.

After making a decision, Xu Tui began to cultivate. He also had to cultivate at high speed. He first checked the energy concentration in the Longevity

Emperor’s Residence. It would have been fine if he did not sense it carefully. However, Xu Tui was a little stunned when he did.

It was too thick!

The concentration of energy in the Heavenly Court was about 5 to 7 depending on the location. It was already a cultivation holy land and was even stronger than Planet Peach.

What was the concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture? 13! A terrifying 13 units of energy concentration!

Previously, he did not notice it after entering the Purple Night Saint Realm because the energy concentration had always been very dense. Now that he sensed it carefully, he realized that the concentration of energy was really so dense that it made his hair stand on end.

The effect would be great if he cultivated it. Even when he was cultivating in the cultivation base of the Planet Peach, the concentration of energy there was only slightly more than 10.

This place was even higher than that. Suddenly, a thought flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. What would happen if he used the energy gathering array invented by Yanzi in the Shenxiao Prefecture?

What level would the concentration of energy reach? Would it increase exponentially? If it could be multiplied, the cultivation effect would be simply…

At the thought of this, Xu Tui’s thoughts about increasing the concentration of his energy surged.

There were more!

He had obtained these Star Lords’ seals, including the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal that he had preliminary refined. Under the activation of the seal, it had the effect of gathering the surrounding energy.

Previously, the effect of the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal’s gathering energy was about 10%. However, Xu Tui had five seals in front of him. Even if the enhancement effect was not 50%, it should be 40%.

Most importantly, the base number was different. The concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture was too terrifying! Under such a terrifying energy concentration base, even a 40 to 50% increase was extremely terrifying.

There was another problem. Could the energy gathering effect of the Energy Gathering Array and the Star Lord Seal be stacked? If this could be stacked, how terrifying would Xu Tui’s cultivation speed in the Shenxiao Prefecture be?

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he thought of this..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1