Chapter 1495 - 1495: Not A Useless Star

Chapter 1495 - 1495: Not a Useless Star

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Useless stars were actually a very serious topic.

When the Blue Star first started the Great Genetic Cultivation Era, many people created useless stars, so they had a certain level of experience.

The higher the cultivation level of a useless star, the greater the drop in cultivation when it was useless. In serious cases, it might even cause the entire main planet’s force field to collapse. The cultivation level would drop from the Planetary realm to the quasi-planetary realm, and all the power stars would be damaged.

Therefore, the best way to cultivate a useless star was to cripple it when it was just condensed. This way, the losses would be minimal and the risks would be minimal.

However, Xu Tui was determined to attack the new star.

Forty minutes later, when the concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture fell from 44 to 42, the Time Distortion Nova formed a second star halo.

However, the outcome disappointed Xu Tui.

There was still no change!

Other than increasing the reaction time by more than ten milliseconds, the Time Distortion ability still did not change. He still continued to attack it since he was determined.

An hour and 20 minutes later, when the energy concentration in the Shenxiao Prefecture fell from 42 to 39, the new star was strengthened with three star halos.

He tried again.

The result of his attempt made Xu Tui’s heart turn cold. There were still no changes. Time Distortion still only increased the reaction time by 10 milliseconds.

Was it still not possible?

The thought to retreat rose once. It was mainly because after cultivating for a long time, the concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture had already begun to decrease. His cultivation speed was also slowing down.

Xu Tui estimated that at this rate, if he continued to cultivate for a period of time, the energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture would recover to a

not-too-abnormal level. At that time, he would not have such a cultivation speed.

Should he continue?

A second later, Xu Tui nodded and continued. He continued to attack.

According to his current estimates, this was the last time.

If there were still no changes after this attack, he could only put it aside for the time being. Xu Tui had to cultivate other power new stars to increase his combat strength.

Otherwise, Xu Tui, who was at the Five Satellites Planetary Realm, would only have the combat strength of the less than Four Satellites.

It was not enough.

Two hours and ten minutes later, the concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture dropped from 39 to 35. This was a huge drop. His cultivation speed had already slowed down by a quarter.

Xu Tui looked at the four star halos on Time Distortion and activated Time Distortion again with hope.

Then… he was stunned!

“F*ck…” Xu Tui could not help but curse.

There were still no changes. There was no qualitative breakthrough. Even after breaking through to the fourth star halo, the increase in the speed of the Time Distortion in his body had dropped to less than 10 milliseconds.

He had created such a useless star with four star halos?

Xu Tui was a little dejected. Based on the current situation, the Time Distortion Nova was undoubtedly a useless star.

It could not be said that his accumulation was not enough, as Xu Tui strengthened it from Level 2 genetic ability chain to Level 3. Then he completed the internal circulation and trained for a period of time. Then, he condensed the star, the first star halo, the second star halo, the third star halo, and the fourth star halo. Under normal circumstances, the accumulation of these would be enough to consume more than ten years of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Even though Xu Tui did not spend much time, he still expended too much energy. If he had placed his energy into cultivating the Time Distortion ability on other genetic ability chains, such as the Mountain Nova, the Mountain Nova might have already become a Five Satellites.

“Keep it… If I really have to risk my life, I can use it to explode. Mr. Luo, I’ve tried my best.” At that moment, Xu Tui was extremely depressed. However, as an elite who had grown up after experiencing hardships, Xu Tui’s resistance to attacks was extremely strong. He took a few deep breaths and threw all of his frustrations to the back of his mind.

He began to prepare for the next step of his cultivation.

The next step in his cultivation was to focus on attacking new stars and strengthening them to truly increase his combat strength.

No matter how strong the enhancement of his mind power main planet gave to the other power new stars, the enhancement would always depend on the base number.

The larger the base, the greater the enhancement.

The first step was for Xu Tui to strengthen and cultivate the Mountain Nova.

Under introspection, the mind power’s force field was enveloped by the Time Distortion Nova, the mental hammer Nova, and the Vajra Secondary Force Field.

The aura that Xu Tui was displaying now was that of a Five Satellites Planetary Realm. This was what he saw when he was introspection. However, when he was introspection, Xu Tui, who was already a little indignant, suddenly had a thought.

Enhancement!

He could still try to enhance it!

He wanted to see if there would be any changes to the ability of the Time Distortion Supernova under the enhancement of the other new stars. If there were no changes, there was really no need to cultivate.

In an instant, the star map in Xu Tui’s mind changed.

The mind power’s main planet force field enveloped the Time Distortion Nova, the Vajra Secondary Force Field enveloped the Mountain Nova, the Blizzard Domain Nova, and the Mental Hammer Nova. Xu Tui’s cultivation aura instantly jumped to the Four Satellites Planetary Realm.

This leap made the brows of Derry, Gabe, Bao Zhang, and the others, who were cultivating in the distance, twitch.

Was this cultivation speed a monster?

In the next moment, the starlight of the main planet of mind power directly rushed into the Time Distortion Nova. At the same time, the three new stars led by the Vajra Sub-Main Star also brought their respective starlight and injected them into the Time Distortion Nova.

The enhancement effect of four new stars and one main planet was indeed very awesome. The star halo on the Time Distortion Nova instantly jumped to the fifth level. This was not the end.

The fifth star halo was not over yet. It was still fluctuating upward. One could even vaguely see the prototype of the sixth star halo.

In the end, the comprehensive enhancement of all the power stars did not allow the level of the Time Distortion Nova to break through to the sixth star halo. It was only at the fifth level, about the late-stage of the fifth level.

This could be considered a major improvement.

In an instant, disappointment appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. His heart turned cold.

There were still no changes, just like before. Was it really a useless star? He spent so much time and such a precious cultivation opportunity to produce a useless star?

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. In the next moment, his expression became determined. He took one last gamble. If he could not pay it back, he would not have the possibility of cultivating the Time Distortion Nova for a long time.

He completely gave up on the idea. In the next moment, one of the red lights accumulated in the red fire slip during his cultivation suddenly flew out and injected into the new star. In an instant, the new star halo expanded and it became six star halos.

Six star halos was considered a relatively high-level power star. Under normal circumstances, this was a power star that only a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could have.

Then, Xu Tui gritted his teeth and activated the Time Distortion ability again. If there were no changes this time, Xu Tui would completely give up. In the next moment, helplessness and bitterness rose in Xu Tui’s eyes. There were still no special changes.

However, his eyes lit up almost at the same time.

NO!

This time, there were changes!

What changed was Xu Tui’s mind power. His mind power instantly decreased by 10% when he used the Time Distortion ability.

It had to be known that Xu Tui was a mind power main planet. His mind power main planet had seven star halos under the enhancement. His mind power could be said to be extremely powerful.

10% of mind power was equivalent to all the mind power of the other One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

The ability to instantly empty the mind power of a One Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was definitely not ordinary. Moreover, during his previous attempts, the consumption of mind power could be ignored. Now, Xu Tui had suddenly lost 10% of his mind power.

There were changes!

There were definitely changes that Xu Tui did not know about.

What exactly was the change?

Xu Tui began his test. However, the price of such a test was a little high. Every time he used it, 10% of his mind power would be depleted. Even though Xu Tui had seven star halos and had a large number of Soul Crystals to recover his mind power, it was still very difficult to test it.

Fortunately, he had already established his own meticulous research logic during his research with Luo Shifeng.

Xu Tui got the results after he consumed 40% of his mind power. The result surprised him. He did not expect such an ability.

Slowdown.

Everything within half a meter of Xu Tui slowed down. When he activated the Time Distortion ability, Xu Tui’s punches, supernatural attacks, and other people’s attacks would become slower within a half-meter radius. He used the recording and other people’s observations to carefully study it. He realized that although this slowdown was real, everything was normal in the current spacetime.

In the video and the normal observations of the others, all the attack speed was still the same.

However, Xu Tui’s speed had clearly slowed down.

Then, he basically understood the situation after he used Bao Zhang for the test.

Bao Zhang stood 0.6 meters away. Xu Tui asked Bao Zhang to attack him in batches a total of ten times. He punched him in the simplest but fastest way. He could attack Xu Tui without using the Time Distortion Nova. Out of the five times, Xu Tui only dodged twice and was hit three times.

After thinking for a while, Xu Tui basically understood. After the Time Distortion Nova was enhanced to six star halos, the changes in its ability did not seem to be the strengthened version of Time Distortion.

Instead, the speed of everything was slowed down within this range. Or rather, was it a little like the flow of time slowing down?

This was only a preliminary judgment.

Xu Tui still needed to slowly study and comprehend the details in actual combat. He did not have that much mind power to waste now. After all, he had to consume 10% of his mind power at once.

It was not a useless star!

The Time Distortion Nova was not a useless star.

Xu Tui, whose spirit had become high, continued to cultivate..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1