Chapter 1492 - 1492: The Special Ability Of The Main Force Field Of Mind Power (2)

Chapter 1492 - 1492: The Special Ability of the Main Force Field of Mind Power (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

He had to first raise the Vajra Nova to the third star halo. The star halo of the

Vajra Nova was slowly increasing as a large amount of Origin Energy surged in.

However, Xu Tui suddenly had a strange feeling during his cultivation.

Within the range of his main mind power main planet force field, the energy seemed to be even more… obedient!

That’s right. It was the feeling of being obedient.

In the past, Xu Tui had to use his mind power to guide and send Origin Energy into his body. Now, however, he felt that the main planet force field of his mind power was slowly spreading out. It was as if the energy in all directions was under his control.

That’s right, controlled.

Under normal circumstances, before the energy entered his body, he could only guide it and not control it. It was like water. You could only give it a channel to drain. Yet his feeling of control was very strange now. He could actually directly control it.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. Previously, in the Ji Shui Star Lord Manor, after Xu Tui broke through, the main planet force field of his mind power gave him a very different feeling.

At that time, he did not have the time to experience it. Now, he could slowly experience and study it as he cultivated.

Control?

At the thought of this, Xu Tui suddenly made an extremely bold move. He activated his mind power and stuffed a small portion of the energy within the range of his mind power’s main planet force field into his body in a controlled manner.

In an instant, his head and body jumped at the same time. The energy within a 10-meter radius of Xu Tui was instantly cleared out by him. The depleted energy was injected into his body. His Vajra Nova’s star halo visibly increased.

As the energy within a ten-meter radius was cleared, the energy from all directions immediately gathered.

It was replenished almost instantly.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. Something was wrong.

Under normal circumstances, his mind power’s main planet force field was only the most ordinary gravitational field. It did not have such an effect at all. Now, he seemed to be able to control it.

How big was his mind power main planet’s force field? To put it bluntly, the larger the range of his mental perception, the larger the mind power main planet’s force field.

Xu Tui quickly tried to control the energy a few times. He came to a conclusion ten minutes later. The main planet force field of the mind power seemed to be releasing. It could radiate from his mind and affect reality. It could directly control or influence everything in it

The wider the range of control, the stronger the control, and the greater the consumption of mind power.

Currently, Xu Tui was only trying to control the origin energy. The larger the range of control, the greater the consumption of mind power.

Xu Tui tried to control the maximum range of his energy. It was about half of the energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture. However, he did not dare to try. He felt that his mind power would probably be depleted if he tried. It would delay his cultivation.

Soon, he found the most cost-effective range. With his body as the center, he controlled the energy within a 15 -meter radius and directly injected it into his body. This kind of mind power consumed the least.

It consumed about 1% of his mind power every two times. But the effect was extremely shocking. Basically, with every injection, his Vajra Nova’s star halo would undergo obvious changes.

Xu Tui called this control cultivation method “filling the duck”.

The cultivation efficiency was very high. This was because in an instant, all the energy within a 15-meter radius was emptied. This amount was not easy to compare, but under normal cultivation, it might take hours to get all the energy in such a large area into the body.

He could no longer describe his cultivation speed. In an instant, his Vajra

Nova’s third star halo could be vaguely seen even without any enhancement.

During the cultivation process, Xu Tui was constantly studying the profundity of the main planet force field of mind power.

The force field of the main planet of mind power could indeed be materialized. As long as it was the main planet force field of mind power, everything, be it humans or things, living or dead, matter or energy, could be affected.

Just like now, Xu Tui’s mind power could directly restrain Kitawan under the radiation of the main planet force field.

He did not use any supernatural abilities. It was purely the activation of his mind power’s main planet force field that made Kitawan feel as if he had fallen into a swamp. It was very difficult for him to walk.

“The special ability of the mind power’s main force field is the materialization of the main planet force field?”

Xu Tui suddenly came to this conclusion. After all, no one on the Blue Star had tried the main planet force field of mind power before. Xu Tui could be considered the first pioneer. He could only try to study it himself and summarize it.

If the radiation of the main planet’s force field became realistic, the mind power main planet’s force field would be a terrifying ability.

As long as you are within the range of my force field, you will be disturbed, affected, and even controlled by my force field. When experts fought, they only needed to affect the outcome for an instant. It was extremely practical to use against enemies.

From the looks of it, his cultivation speed was too fast if he used it for cultivation.

This was especially so for places with extremely high concentrations of Origin Energy. The efficiency of using the main planet force field of mind power to control the Origin Energy was really shocking.

Xu Tui had only entered this form of cultivation for half an hour. He had mainly cultivated the Vajra Nova to the third star halo..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1