Chapter 1496 - 1496: The Refined Six Imperial Seal

Chapter 1496 - 1496: The Refined Six Imperial Seal

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In terms of cultivation, at least there was basically no one on the Blue Star who could guide Xu Tui. Xu Tui could only rely on himself for cultivation.

However, ever since he started the genetic chain with Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui had formed his own fundamental theory of cultivation on the main mind power planet. Of course, this theory was definitely not comprehensive. It needed to be perfected. For the time being, it pointed out a cultivation direction for Xu Tui.

After confirming that the Time Distortion Nova was not a useless star, Xu Tui realized that it had the effect of slowing down time, or rather, slowing down time, within a half-meter radius of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s first cultivation goal was to cultivate the Time Distortion Nova again. He had to at least cultivate to the mid-stage of the four star halos. It would be best if he could reach the late-stage of the four star halos.

That was because the prerequisite for Xu Tui to be able to use the Time

Distortion Nova was to increase the Time Distortion Nova to the sixth level.

In order to increase it to the sixth star halo, Xu Tui had used all his methods.

This state was not beneficial to actual combat.

In actual combat, it was a critical moment. How could he have the time to mobilize all his enhancement methods to increase to six star halos? It had to be normal, such as the enhancement of the secondary main force field, to reach the six star halo state, allowing this ability to reach a state where it could be used at any time.

Only then would there be meaning to actual combat.

Two hours later, when the energy concentration in the Shenxiao Prefecture dropped from 35 to 31, Xu Tui had already strengthened the Time Distortion Nova to the mid-stage of the fourth star halo.

In this state, there was no need to use the red light enhancement of the red fire slip. Just the enhancement of the main planet and the secondary force field was enough to increase the Time Distortion Nova to six star halos.

Of course, Xu Tui could also strengthen the Time Distortion Nova to the fifth star halo. That would be more convenient.

However, it did not meet Xu Tui’s current cultivation needs.

Xu Tui estimated that he would be able to strengthen the Time Distortion Nova to the fifth level of the star halo in three to four hours. Then, he would be able to condense another new star and break through to the Six Satellites Planetary Realm.

However, his overall strength did not increase.

Xu Tui still needed to use all kinds of trump cards if he wanted to kill powerful enemies. He hoped to obtain stronger conventional combat strength. It was the combat strength that could be unleashed at any time, not the top-notch combat strength that could be unleashed after various enhancements.

Xu Tui’s plan would only have a chance of success if he could casually unleash the combat strength of the Five Satellites or even the Six Satellites. Otherwise, with his current combat strength, he would need to use a large number of trump cards to kill a Six Satellites. What if another one came after he killed one?

Trump cards, such as the red fire slip, did not have much sustainability. So, he had to increase his basic combat strength first. Therefore, Xu Tui did not choose to continue cultivating and break through to the Six Satellites Planetary Realm. Instead, he first began to strengthen the Mountain Nova.

Two hours later, when the energy concentration in the Shenxiao Prefecture dropped from 31 to 27, Xu Tui’s Mountain Nova was strengthened to the fourth star halo.

An hour and a half later, when the energy concentration in the Shenxiao Prefecture dropped from 27 to 22, the new star of the mental hammer had already been strengthened from the second to the third star halo.

Three hours later, when the energy concentration in the Shenxiao Prefecture dropped from 22 to 16, Xu Tui strengthened the four star halos of the Mountain Nova to four and a half.

It was the same as the Time Distortion Nova. Under the enhancement of the main planet and the secondary force field, it could reach more than six star halos. Perhaps it was because the Mountain Nova and the Mental Hammer Nova had been strengthened, but the enhancement in this force field had increased slightly.

Then, Xu Tui realized another problem.

The Vajra Secondary Force Field suddenly became unstable.

Xu Tui had also found the unstable reason. The star halo of the Vajra Nova was not stronger than the new star that it was controlling. It was even weaker than the new star it controlled. It was not because the Vajra Force Field was unstable.

In that case, the last cultivation target was to cultivate the Vajra Nova again.

The concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture had fallen to 16, It would slowly increase as time passed.

However, Xu Tui’s cultivation consumed too much energy too quickly. Coupled with the decrease in the overall concentration of energy in the Heavenly Court, his cultivation speed was greatly reduced.

Two hours later, when the energy concentration in Shenxiao Prefecture stabilized to 13, his cultivation speed became very slow.

Xu Tui felt that it would probably take more than half a day or even a day to achieve his goal. Fortunately, he was rich now. He could spend money directly. Coupled with the gains from Bunet, Xu Tui, who had 250,000 grams of Origin Crystals, generously threw out tens of thousands of grams of Origin Crystals.

Originally, it would have consumed a lot of mind power to activate the energy in a large number of Origin Crystals. However, he realized another function of the Longevity Emperor Seal.

He could use his mind power to activate the Longevity Seal of the South Pole to radiate a fine light that enveloped these Origin Crystals. He could use the least amount of mind power to lure out the Origin Energy.

Two hours later, Xu Tui’s Vajra Nova was also strengthened to the mid-stage of the fourth star halo.

He also obtained basic quantitative data. From the early-stage of the fourth star halo to the mid-stage of the fourth star halo, it would probably take about 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals to cultivate purely with Origin Crystals.

According to this data, a supernova might need about 90,000 Origin Crystals to advance from the fourth to the fifth star halo. In order to verify this data and make the main force field of the Vajra Nova more stable, Xu Tui continued to cultivate.

Five hours later, Xu Tui’s Vajra Nova was at the late-stage of the fourth star halo. The light of the five star halo could be vaguely seen.

He had spent a total of 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals, if he included the surrounding Origin Energy, he had basically used 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals to break through from the fourth to the fifth star halo.

That was a terrifying number. It was no wonder that the top experts of the Blue Star were plundering wealth crazily. Resources were too important in the mid to late-stage of the Planetary realm.

This cultivation made Xu Tui wonder if he should break through to the Six Satellites in one go. Now that his basic combat strength had increased, his enhancement would be stronger if he broke through to the Six Satellites.

This was another ten consecutive hours of cultivation. It allowed Xu Tui’s red fire slip to accumulate a large amount of red light.

Xu Tui first began to use the red light in the red fire slip to refine the Longevity Emperor’s Seal. After all, the higher the level of refinement of the seal, the stronger the enhancement effect.

The speed at which he used the red light of the red fire slip to refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was very fast. In just half an hour, Xu Tui had used up the 30-odd red lights that he had accumulated.

This refinement also allowed him to advance the refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to more than 20%.

He had refined a fifth of it.

According to Xu Tui’s previous refinement experience, his control over the Heavenly Seal would increase with every 10% increase.

After refining it to 20%, he deliberately injected his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to see if there were any new gains. He wanted to see if he could open the access to the other halls in Shenxiao

Prefecture.

However, Xu Tui frowned slightly the moment he injected his mind power.

After injecting his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the information he received seemed a little strange. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole emitted thousands of lights of different colors into the void.

Xu Tui did not understand what it meant at first.

But he realized that a few of the lights were pointing at the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal, the Souther Dipper True Lord Seal, the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, and the Jingmu Star Lord Seal that he had basically refined. He suddenly understood.

These thousands of lights might be the seals of the various clergies of the Heavenly Court under the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Most of the clergy seals were in a dim and restrained state. About 52 clergy seals were lit up.

The Southern Dipper True Lord Seal and the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal that Xu Tui had refined were all lit up.

There were also seven of them that were emitting a faint light. This faint light flickered.

Xu Tui understood after thinking for a few seconds.

The dim and restrained light meant that no one could refine and control the corresponding Divine Duty Seal. What was lit up was what had already been refined and controlled, such as Xu Tui’s Ji Shui Star Lord Seal.

As for those that were flickering, they should be being refined by others and had not completed the initial refinement.

There were 52 clergy seals that had been refined. Excluding the four that Xu Tui had refined, there were still 48 left.

There were still seven that were being refined.

What kind of person was this? Why was his progress so fast? Moreover, this was only the clergy of the Heavenly Court controlled by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. What about the other clergy of the Heavenly Court controlled by the six emperors?

How much had been refined at this moment?

Only the Huaxia Sector had gained something from Xu Tui’s guidance. The other sectors were running around like headless flies.

The Muyas had already been wiped out by Xu Tui.

In other words, so many clergy seals had either been refined by the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, or the mysterious person that Xu Tui highly suspected was the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

In an instant, the sense of urgency increased.

At this moment, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole changed again. Just as Xu Tui had the thought of the other six emperors, the image that Xu Tui saw through the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole changed again.

The thousands of spots of light of different colors suddenly disappeared. Then, five spots of light appeared. To be precise, there were six spots of light. The location of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole was also a spot of light. Xu Tui did not notice it at first.

This was the situation of the Heavenly Court truly controlling the Six Imperial Seals.

Xu Tui’s pupils instantly constricted. Among the spots of light, one of the spots of light was pure black, while the brilliance of two spots of light converged and dimmed. However, there were still two spots of light that represented the Six Imperial Seal. The light was quickly blinking and contracting rhythmically.

Xu Tui instantly understood.

rlWo of the Six Imperial Seals were being refined by someone..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1