Chapter 1497 - 1497: The Lurker Outside The Shenxiao Prefecture

Chapter 1497 - 1497: The Lurker Outside the Shenxiao Prefecture

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

To be honest, Xu Tui was a little anxious when he saw that 48 clergy seals had already been refined by others, and that seven were still being refined, and this was only the number of clergy of the Heavenly Court led by the Longevity

Emperor of the South Pole that had been refined.

Xu Tui completely understood the general trend that Little Six had mentioned. A king could order the ministers around. Similarly, if the ministers worked together, they could also force the emperor to abdicate. It was just like wearing a yellow robe.

However, Xu Tui did not feel much urgency.

Even if the other factions really wanted to rely on their momentum to quickly refine the Six Imperial Seals, they would still need to accumulate a large amount of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Duty Seal.

There were at least hundreds of them. However, Xu Tui became really anxious when he saw that two of the Six Imperial Seals were being refined. What if it was preliminary refined while he was delaying?

Judging from the Longevity Emperor Seal that Xu Tui had refined himself, the effects of the Six Imperial Seal were really extraordinary.

In an instant, a thought appeared in Xu Tui’s mind—stop it!

He had to stop the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, or the Lord of Myths, Ullr, from refining and controlling the Six Imperial Seal. Otherwise, the impact on the future would be too great. This was especially so for these clergy seals.

After they were completely refined, the support power was astonishing.

How could he stop it?

After thinking for a few seconds, Xu Tui thought of a way—kill!

He just had to kill these people.

Did Xu Tui have the strength? In theory, it should be possible. Xu Tui had wiped out the Muyas when he was still at the Three Satellites Planetary Realm. And now, Xu Tui was a Five Satellites Planetary Realm. Moreover, the power of the Mountain Nova and the Mental Hammer Nova had increased drastically.

As Xu Tui further refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he obtained more information. He had a deeper understanding of the functions of these divine seals. It could be said that Xu Tui’s combat strength had more than doubled before he wiped out Neff and the others.

In that case, if he took the initiative to cause trouble for the Spiritual Race or Ullr and the others, he would have a chance of success if he cooperated with his teleportation Skill.

Taking another step back, if he could not defeat them, the Shenxiao Prefecture could still become Xu Tui’s last safe house. Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would have no problems saving his life with his teleportation ability.

Xu Tui instantly made a decision. He was not an impulsive person, though. Since he had decided to attack, he naturally had to adjust his condition, especially his mind power. It had to be at its peak.

Fortunately, he had a lot of Soul Crystals now. He directly absorbed the Soul Crystals. Half an hour later, his mind power returned to its peak state.

In this half an hour, Xu Tui realized that two more clergy seals had been successfully refined by its power. With a wave of his hand, Xu Tui kept the

Heavenly Court guards possessed by Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas, and Lally into the quantum dimensional chain.

Then, his mind power slowly spread out of the Shenxiao Prefecture. He had to have the necessary checks. There was no one in the range of his mental perception. There were no more external objects around the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Xu Tui did not believe it. If it were him, he would have left someone to monitor him at the very least. After all, this involved one of the Six Imperial Seals. Who would not care?

Since he did not notice it previously, he would not have noticed it now. But it was different now. Xu Tui had already learned a lot from the moment he refined the Longevity Emperor’s Seal from 5% to 20%.

The Six Imperials were the leaders of the Heavenly Court. Note that he was talking about the Heavenly Court, not the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court.

The Small Universe of the Heavenly Court was the universe in front of him, and the Heavenly Court referred to the ancient Heavenly Court that ruled over billions of planets in ancient times.

Xu Tui did not know if he could see billions of miles outside the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court. However, in the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court, any of the six commanders could see at least tens of thousands of miles in their own territory.

This was one of the most basic functions of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Although Xu Tui’s refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole was only 20%, he could barely use such a basic ability.

In the next moment, as Xu Tui activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole with his spirit, the boundless clouds that enveloped the interior and exterior of Shenxiao Prefecture seemed to flow for a moment. Everything in all directions was reflected in his mind through the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Xu Tui could see everything within 10,000 meters. He could even look further away if he wanted to. Of course, there was a certain consumption.

However, there was no need for that. He had already found the enemy lying in ambush outside.

There were two groups.

One of them was a dim black shadow that was hidden 2,000 meters to the left of the entrance of the Shenxiao Prefecture. Its aura was very strange. Xu Tui scanned it with his mind power but could not discover it. However, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole noticed it by mobilizing the surrounding energy.

There was also another group of people hiding 2,400 meters to the right of the entrance of the Shenxiao Prefecture. There were a total of five people, three of them from the Spiritual Race and two from the Gumyas.

The two Gumyas were both Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Their nature should be similar to Bao Zhang and the others. There were three Spiritual Race’s members, one Five Satellites, and two Three Satellites.

Xu Tui had even taken a look at the Five Satellites Spirit on Ceres Star. His name was Chi Qing. He was one of the experts under the Spiritual Race’s elder, Chi Jing. At this moment, he was guarding outside with his men.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would be able to discover these five people lying in ambush here. However, his previous mental perception did not discover them. He had already found the reason through the mapping of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole.

A faint yellow seal slowly spun above the heads of the five of them. The seal shot out a faint light and enveloped the five of them. It allowed the auras of the five of them to fuse into the ground, preventing Xu Tui from detecting them with his mental perception.

It seemed that the Spiritual Race was much more familiar with the use of these seals than Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not notice the subordinates of Ullr, which made him a little puzzled.

On the surface, these two groups of people did not seem to know of each other’s existence.

He had to kill them first!

Xu Tui quickly made a decision. He looked around at Bao Zhang and Yang Mo. He sent a mental voice transmission to tell them to stay in Shenxiao Prefecture for the time being and listen to his orders before participating in the battle.

In the next moment. Xu Tui stepped out of the Shenxiao Prefecture alone.

The reason was very simple. He was afraid that he would scare the enemy away if he brought Bao Zhang, Yang MO, and the others out.

It was better to come out alone to confuse the enemy.

Xu Tui walked out of Shenxiao Prefecture. Xu Tui could tell from the mapping feedback of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole that both groups of people had seen Xu Tui, but they did not move.

In that case, the two groups of people were certain that Xu Tui would not be able to discover them. The truth was that Xu Tui could not see these two groups of people with his naked eye or mind power after he stepped out of the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Only the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole could reflect the situation of these two groups of people with the power of the upper position and the convenience of the Shenxiao Prefecture.

This was especially so for Chi Qing and the others. They moved slightly when they saw Xu Tui come out alone. It was obvious that they were tempted. They were considering whether to attack.

However, it did not matter if they attacked or not. That was because Xu Tui had already decided to attack.

In the next moment, in Xu Tui’s main force field, the Mountain Nova and the Time Distortion Nova had already changed positions. All the enhancements were instantly focused on the Mountain Nova.

In an instant, the Mountain Nova expanded from the mid-stage of the fourth star halo to the sixth star halo. Six star halos were the strength of the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

In the next moment, a Mountain Seal appeared above Chi Qing and the others. While Chi Qing and the others were stunned, it blasted towards them without any warning. Almost at the same time, the khaki-colored seal above the heads of the five of them suddenly shone brightly. They were about to meet Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal.

“How dare you!” Xu Tui shouted and injected a trace of the aura of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole into the Mountain Seal.

Although the power of the Mountain Seal did not change much, the earth-yellow seal let out a wail. While the light was restrained, it flashed to the side.

Boom!

The mountain seal with a radius of ten meters blasted down without any warning. Even though Chi Qing and the other three reacted quickly enough, this change was still extremely shocking and caught them off guard.

Who would have thought that not only were they seen through, but the seal that was protecting them avoided the attack?

What a scam!

They were instantly hit.

The two Six Satellites Planetary realm experts were forced to kneel on the ground. The three Spiritual Race’s Planetary realm experts vomited blood on the spot.

This Mountain Seal also dissipated at this moment, but the next one instantly appeared. A change occurred at this moment. The two Six Satellites Gumyas joined forces to receive a violent attack from the Mountain Seal. Although they were caught off guard, they still had the strength to dodge in the opposite direction.

The Mountain Seal instantly blasted out!

Boom!

The three Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race who had just vomited blood from the previous seal, including Chi Qing, were directly turned into meat paste by this Mountain Seal.

At the side, the guy lurking alone trembled slightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1