Chapter 1494 - 1494: At Most… Useless Star

Chapter 1494 - 1494: At Most… Useless Star

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When the Vajra Supernova condensed four star halos, it meant that Xu Tui already had the qualifications to break through to the Five Satellites Planetary Realm.

The basic requirement of the Five Satellites Planetary Realm was that there had to be a main planet with five star halos, with at least one supernova with four star halos, at least one supernova with a three star halos, and at least one supernova with two star halos.

Xu Tui fulfilled all of these requirements. Next, he had to choose a certain genetic ability chain to condense a star and break through to the Five Satellites Planetary Realm.

This step was actually a little difficult for ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses.

This was because the cultivation of the genetic ability chain was a little like a flood. Many cultivators did not have a suitable genetic ability chain to condense stars when they reached the main star level. Some had a suitable genetic ability chain to condense stars, but they had not reached the main star level.

Xu Tui did not have any of these two problems.

What he was conflicted about now was which genetic ability chain to condense a star.

Currently, he has many choices. The Mountain Formula, the Frost Puppet, the mental perception, the mental chain, the advanced instantiation, the quantum entanglement state of energy teleportation, the physical fitness genetic ability chain, the underwater survival genetic ability chain, including the auxiliary control-type spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, the spiritual concealment, advanced hypnosis, and so on. These could all condense stars.

In the past, when he was cultivating on Planet Peach, most of these genetic ability chains had been strengthened to Level 3 gold. More than half of the internal circulation chains had been completed.

Moreover, even if the internal circulation chain was not enough, the current cultivation speed in Shenxiao Prefecture could form an internal circulation chain in a short period of time.

Choosing which star to condense became Xu Tui’s problem.

Actually, what Xu Tui wanted to condense his star the most was the Sword Heart Eye and Spiral Force of the Genetic Miracle’s Thousand Miles Sword Technique. Unfortunately, these two abilities only had Genetic Base Points. They did not have a genetic ability chain and could not condense stars.

Xu Tui did not dwell on it for long. After all, cultivation time was precious.

He listed the conditions and used the elimination method. Next, the genetic ability chain of condensing stars could firstly increase his combat strength, secondly, it had to have potential for development, and thirdly, it could not overlap with the power of other supernovas.

As soon as these three screening conditions were announced, Xu Tui screened out most of the genetic ability chains.

For example, the abilities of the Stab Formula and the Frost Puppet had already overlapped.

The Mountain Flying Sword condensed from the Mountain Seal was even stronger than the Stab Formula.

As for the Frost Puppet, it could do whatever it wanted in Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain under the control of his powerful mind power.

The Water Explosion Technique was a little useless when it came to condensing stars. As for the Ice Barrier, it was a life-saving defensive ability that overlapped with the Vajra Barrier.

The main function of the genetic ability chain that he had activated with the mental whip was to increase his combat distance. From the current situation, his mental perception distance was enough. There was no need to increase it.

Another example was the spiritual resonance. Although it was practical, it was more inclined to support. There was no need for him to condense a star when he urgently needed to increase his combat strength.

The genetic ability chain in his body was temporarily eliminated. He was a superb individual, not an Extreme Branch.

After a round of screening, there were only three genetic ability chains left in front of Xu Tui. They were the quantum entanglement state energy teleportation, Spiritual Concealment, and the Time Distortion.

The Spiritual Concealment mainly had the abnormality, the Illusory Reality. It was very useful in battle. With his powerful mind power as support, even Five Satellites or Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses would be stunned by Xu Tui’s Spiritual Concealment, unless they used all kinds of attacks to attack the illusion.

It was very practical and valuable in battle.

The energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state was also very practical. His God Slaying Sword, Small God Slaying Sword, and even the Mountain Seal could appear and disappear unpredictably. He relied on the energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state to kill the enemy.

Energy-shaped things could be instantly teleported to the range of one’s mental perception. They were also very practical in battle.

On the other hand, Time Distortion was no longer too practical. Occasionally, it could only be used to save his life at the critical moment. However, this ability also had a special meaning to Xu Tui. This was a new genetic ability chain that he had developed with his teacher, Luo Shifeng.

However, there were no qualitative changes to the genetic ability chain at Level 2, Level 3, or even when it formed a perfect internal circulation. It only increased the super reaction speed in his body a little.

He had to choose one out of three.

Xu Tui only pondered for 15 seconds before making a decision. The energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state was first eliminated. According to Xu Tui’s guess, the next direction of advancement of this ability should be physical teleportation.

It was possible for Xu Tui to use a sword with a real substance. However, he was using more energy-shaped swords now. Condensing a star would not increase his combat strength much.

Soon, Xu Tui eliminated Spiritual Concealment.

The reason was very simple. The reason why Spiritual Concealment was so powerful at the moment was that he had finally activated the abnormality after he cultivated the genetic ability chain to a perfect internal circulation.

Currently, this ability is strong because the illusions are like reality. Condensing a star only increased related abilities, but it could not strengthen the abnormality. It was not cost-effective enough.

In the end, Xu Tui chose to condense the super reaction speed genetic ability chain.

This was actually a kind of hope that he had always thought.

The genetic ability chain of super reaction speed was upgraded from Level 2 to Level 3, from Level 3 to the perfection of the internal circulation, then from the perfection of the internal circulation to a long time of training. Not only did the Time Distortion not change much, but there were also no abnormalities.

Xu Tui had wondered, what would happen after he condensed his star?

Would there be a qualitative breakthrough in this ability after condensing the star?

When he was still in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Xu Tui had fought on the Longhu List. The Time Distortion ability was Xu Tui’s killing move. After all, speed was the only thing that could not be broken in the world of martial arts.

What if it condensed into a star? Would it bring Xu Tui a surprise?

At the same time, it was also to make it more complete.

The subsequent development of the genetic ability chain had always been Luo Shifeng’s wish. Xu Tui had a chance to try it out now. He began to condense the super reaction speed genetic ability chain.

For him, condensing a star was already very simple.

Moreover, through the instantiation characteristic of the main planet force field of his mind power, Xu Tui used the method of filling the ducks. His cultivation speed was extremely fast.

However, after cultivating for a few hours, Xu Tui could clearly sense that the concentration of energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture had decreased from 48 to about 44. Perhaps, just as Little Six had said, the current extremely high concentration of energy in the Heavenly Court was actually an accumulation of time.

As the seal of the small universe of the Heavenly Court was broken and it was once again connected to Ceres Star or other planets, more and more cultivators entered the interior. With the increase in consumption, it would not be long before the concentration of energy in the small universe of the Heavenly Court returned to normal.

In just ten minutes, Xu Tui’s superb reflexes genetic ability chain had successfully condensed a star.

The name gave Xu Tui a headache for three seconds.

A Divine Star?

Super anti-nova?

Super Nerve Nova?

Xu Tui wanted to laugh when he thought about these names. In the end, he decided to name it the Time Distortion Nova. He hoped that after condensing the star, his Time Distortion ability would have a breakthrough.

At this point, Xu Tui’s cultivation had officially broken through to the Five Satellites Planetary Realm. If this was the Blue Star, he would be considered an expert.

However, Xu Tui understood the difference between him and a true Five

Satellites Planetary Realm powerhouse. The main planets of the other Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses were usually their main battle genetic ability chain. In terms of star halos, the main planet was the strongest.

However, Xu Tui’s main planet was the main planet of mind power. Although his star halo could reach the seventh level under the enhancement, the offensive abilities’ star halos weren’t not high.

For example, Xu Tui’s Mountain Nova only had three star halos.

Actually, it was equivalent to an ordinary Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Including the enhancement, he was only at the Four Satellites Planetary Realm.

Xu Tui clearly recognized this difference. However, what he was most anxious about now was whether his Time Distortion ability had improved after he successfully condensed the Time Distortion Nova.

Xu Tui could not suppress his curiosity. He immediately began to activate this ability. He also activated the microscopic perception of his mental perception to observe his body carefully.

A minute later, Xu Tui was stunned.

There were basically no changes. Other than the super reaction time brought about by Time Distortion in his body increasing by more than a dozen milliseconds, there were no other changes.

This made Xu Tui a little dejected. Even after condensing the star, there was no qualitative breakthrough in Time Distortion? Was it because he had not reached the level needed to break through and did not accumulate enough? Or was there no follow-up to the genetic ability chain that he and Luo Shifeng had

activated?

At this moment, Xu Tui was a little confused.

Should he continue?

Xu Tui’s faith wavered. However, it only wavered for a moment before his confidence became firm again. Back then, he and Luo Shifeng had tried all kinds of experiments. Luo Shifeng had even risked his life to explore this genetic chain.

Xu Tui could not back down now. The risk he took if he continued to cultivate at this moment was only to cultivate a useless star.

A useless star was a supernova with not much abilities. 70 to 80 years ago, when the Blue Star had just started the Great Genetic Cultivation Era, useless stars were common. It was very rare now.

“It’s just a useless star! Besides, a useless star is not useless. Even if its cultivation decreases, it can still be used to self-destruct and injure the enemy. Continue to attack!”

This was Xu Tui’s decision. He continued to attack the genetic ability chain and the Time Distortion Nova.

At most… it would be a useless star!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1