Chapter 1499 - 1499: The Ziwei Emperor Seal Of The North Pole

Chapter 1499 - 1499: The Ziwei Emperor Seal of the North Pole

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When Mana Aoyama woke up again, he was shocked to discover that not only had his specially made combat uniform been taken off, but even his underwear had been taken away. He could roughly guess that it was done by Kaedo.

However, he understood the Muyas. The Muyas were interested in the women of the Blue Star humans, but the men of the Muyas had never shown any interest in the men of the Blue Star humans.

Did the guy in front of him have such a hobby?

In an instant, he broke out in a cold sweat.

At the same time, Mana Aoyama had already begun to consider another problem. If the Muya in front of him really had such a hobby,

Should he make some sacrifices?

He might…

Xu Tui was turning on the camera in front of him. The 360-degree scene of him taking off his clothes, including all the details, was recorded. If he knew what Mana Aoyama was thinking, he would definitely give him a few more hammers.

The guy in front of him was a standard Blue Star human. He looked Asian, but the combat uniform he was wearing, as well as his casual clothes and underwear, were all specially made. These things would become clues or even evidence in the future.

Unfortunately, the guy in front of him had received extremely strong spiritual hints and enhancements. It was very likely that he had received extremely high-intensity anti-interrogation training. His spiritual radiation and hypnosis could not work.

Of course, it might be because his radiation control ability was not powerful enough.

Xu Tui could not increase the power of these abilities in a short period of time. Even if he could not hypnotize and interrogate the person in front of him, Xu Tui could already confirm one thing.

Currently, among the Blue Star Humans, only The Myth Team and Xu Tui had entered the Purple Night Saint Realm. In that case, this human must belong to the Myth team.

As for why he was Asian, this was normal. That was because the membership of The Myth was very varied. There were members from all the major sectors. It was not strange for Asians to appear.

Since he discovered that this Blue Star Human was monitoring him here, he could relate him with the mysterious exchanger from before.

The mysterious exchanger should be the Lord of Myths. It was enough for him to make such a judgment.

After leaving the small universe of the Heavenly Court, he might use such a chain of reasoning evidence to bring people to clean up The Myth.

Someone was about to ask. Such a chain of reasoning and evidence was only Xu Tui’s personal judgment. It could not be used as evidence.

Under normal circumstances, it could not be used as evidence. However, in the Blue Star, whether a person’s words could be used as evidence was often related to a person’s status and resources.

For examDle. what the richest man in the world said a hundred vears ago was always correct. It was correct not because the content was correct, but because the person who said this was the richest man in the world.

A hundred years later, the words of the top Planetary realm powerhouses in the world would always be right.

This correctness was not related to the content, but to strength.

Xu Tui had such an influence since he left the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Of course, he might have to display his strength a little when the time comes. At this moment, Xu Tui decided to casually interrogate the person in front of him. “What’s your name?”

Mana Aoyama remained silent.

“Who sent you? Which force are you from on the Blue Star?”

Xu Tui asked a few consecutive questions, but Mana Aoyama did not say a word. He shook his head when he saw how tightly this guy was biting his lips. “Alright, one last question. Where is the Lord of Myths, Ullr?”

Even though Mana Aoyama had an extremely strong mental fortitude, his heartbeat and mind power fluctuations fluctuated greatly when Xu Tui asked this question.

Xu Tui sensed these things. Of course, there were still no fluctuations on Mana Aoyama’s face. He was still very powerful.

“You were indeed sent by the Lord of Myths, Ullr. There’s no need to disguise yourself. I can already sense your spiritual fluctuations.”

Xu Tui gave Mana Aoyama a cruel smile. He suddenly slapped out with his palm and smashed his head into pieces. He extended his mind power and sealed his mental body.

This guy was at the Three Satellites Planetary Realm. His physical body was very strong, and his mind power was not weak either. His mental body could exist alone. Mana Aoyama was already stunned, but he still gritted his teeth and did not speak. He had no intention of speaking.

Xu Tui had no intention of letting him speak either. He took out a Soul Crystal and sealed Mana Aoyama’s mental body inside. Then, he threw it into the quantum dimensional chain. He would lock him in the small black room first.

What was the cruelest interrogation? Locking up in a small black room was not the cruelest thing, but it was definitely one of them. In history, many people had been locked up until they went crazy.

So he locked him up first. If he did not go crazy and confess, he would hand it over to Yang Huai. This fellow’s methods were ruthless.

As for now, Xu Tui did not have the time to deal with him.

Xu Tui threw the corpses of the two Six Satellites Muyas to Gabe and Derry, who were guarding the Shenxiao Prefecture to refine. He prepared to head to the two locations where the Six Imperial Seals had been refined.

It was worth mentioning that when Xu Tui was cultivating in the extremely dense energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture, Gabe and Derry had not been idle.

Derry’s cultivation level had soared to the mid-stage of the Two Satellites Planetary realm, while Gabe had also successfully broken through to the Planetary realm of the Two Satellites.

Of course, they had their previous accumulation. For now, their breakthrough did not increase the combat strength of Xu Tui’s subordinates much. However, their survivability had become stronger.

In the Ziwei Palace, in the Ziwei Hall of the Great Emperor of the North Pole, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had more than 60 seals dancing behind him, was struggling to refine the Great Emperor of the North Pole in the middle of the hall.

Even with the support of more than 60 Heavenly Court Divine Seals, the refinement progress was still very slow.

Up until now, he had only refined 1%. It could only be considered a preliminary entry. He did not even complete the preliminary refinement. If he wanted to achieve the initial refinement, he had to refine it to at least 5%. It would take at least ten days to refine it to 5%.

This was even if his subordinates were awesome and exciting in the future and obtained more seals.

It also meant that this Mid-Heaven Ziwei Great Emperor Seal would completely belong to him.

However, a jade talisman in front of his chest suddenly heated up. The hot jade talisman caused him a slight pain in his chest, causing the expression of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, to change drastically. He looked down and saw that the jade talisman was covered in cracks.

In an instant, the expression of the Lord of Myths turned ugly. This jade talisman belonged to his important subordinate, Mana Aoyama.

In his opinion, Mana Aoyama’s invisibility technique could be said to be the number one on the Blue Star. It was the number one geek on the Blue Star. It was extremely important to him. Previously, he had left him in front of Shenxiao Prefecture to investigate. However, the feedback now was that something had happened to Mana Aoyama.

Moreover, from the information on the jade talisman, he was extremely unwilling to see anything happen to Mana Aoyama.

Judging from the fact that the jade talisman was covered in cracks but did not shatter, Mana Aoyama’s physical body had definitely been destroyed. However, his mental body was still alive.

If it was possible, he would rather have this jade talisman completely shatter. That means that Mana Aoyama’s soul had dissipated. If a capable subordinate died, so be it.

But now, his mental body still exists. That meant that it was very likely that Mana Aoyama’s mental body had become Xu Tui’s captive.

“With Mana Aoyama’s abilities, how could he have been discovered? That shouldn’t be the case, right?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, had a dark expression.

This was very troublesome! At their level, with a slight evidence pointing to one thing, they could determine one thing.

Mana Aoyama was the evidence against him, and he was afraid of the Huaxia Swordsman, Shang Long.

“Something happened to Mana Aoyama, which means that Xu Tui has already left Shenxiao Prefecture. In that case, I have…” In the next moment, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, instantly gave an order.. “Order all the elite combatants above the Five Satellites to gather!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1