Chapter 1491 - 1491: The Special Ability Of The Main Force Field Of Mind Power (1)

Chapter 1491 - 1491: The Special Ability of the Main Force Field of Mind Power (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

The energy gathering array was the result of Yanzi’s research.

Yanzi was quite talented in studying ancient arrays.

According to An Xiaoxue’s previous report, Yanzi had already upgraded the energy gathering array from a Four-symbols energy gathering array to a Five-elements energy gathering array. The reason why it was called the Five Elements Energy Gathering Array was purely because the name was pleasing to the ears.

The effect of the Three-Talents Energy Gathering Array was about double the concentration of the basic energy. The normal increase was 90%.

The Four- Symbols Gathering Energy Array was about double the normal increase, about a 1.1 increment. The enhancement of the Five-Elements Energy Gathering Array that Yanzi had recently developed was about 1.2 to 1.3 times.

Unfortunately, although the Five Elements Energy Gathering Array was Yanzi’s latest research result,

Xu Tui had not returned home for a long time because he was a spy. He did not obtain the latest Five-Elements Energy Gathering Array. He only had the Four-Symbols Energy Gathering Array.

However, it was enough.

If it could really increase by 1.1 fold, the cultivation speed would be too awesome with the terrifying concentration of Origin Energy in the Shenxiao Prefecture. In the main hall of the Shenxiao Prefecture, only the energy concentration in the Shenxiao Hall was the densest.

It exceeded 13.

Xu Tui carefully set up the four-symbols energy gathering array in order.

Then, he injected his mind power into it. In the next moment, the Origin Energy of the world from all directions gathered towards the Shenxiao Hall at a visible speed.

The concentration of energy was rapidly rising.

18, 20, 21, 24, 26, 28. In the end, the energy concentration stabilized at 28.4.

Xu Tui was a little shocked. Yanzi’s inconspicuous energy gathering array actually had such a terrifying energy gathering effect in the Shenxiao

Prefecture.

What did 28 points of energy mean? It was 13 times that of Ceres Star. Cultivating here for a day was equivalent to cultivating on Ceres Star for 13 days.

A rate of 13 times.

And that was not all.

Xu Tui slowly used his mind power to activate the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, the Jingmu Star Lord Seal, the Southern Dipper True Lord Seal, and the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal, affecting the surrounding energy.

After the four seals fused into one, the surrounding energy gathered again. The combination of the four seals increased the energy by nearly 50%. In an instant, the concentration of energy reached 41.

There was a sluggish feeling in all directions. Origin energy was like a thick fog that had materialized. He gently waved his hand and could feel the Origin Energy on his palm. In the end, there was still the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole that he had not activated.

However, Xu Tui’s refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole was only 5%. The enhancement effect should be very limited.

In the next moment, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew high into the air. The energy from all directions gathered slightly.

The enhancement effect was very weak. It was indeed because the refinement level was too low. It did not even increase by 10%, only by 5%.

The energy concentration jumped to about 43.

But the spinning seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole suddenly erupted with a five-colored light and absorbed the other four seals into the five-colored light of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole looked like a king looking down on all living beings. The other four seals could not even be affected by Xu Tui, who was the controller. They were directly absorbed into the five-colored light of the Longevity Emperor’s seal.

In an instant, the concentration of energy in all directions increased again. It instantly rose to 47 and finally stabilized at 48.

A concentration of 48 energy. One could imagine the shock in Xu Tui’s heart.

Twenty-four times that of Ceres, and more than four times that of the lost Planet Peach. Cultivating here for a day was equivalent to cultivating on Ceres for 24 days.

Xu Tui did not waste his breath. He sat cross-legged in the middle of the hall on the spot. He activated his mind power and began to absorb the energy here. His eyes flashed with surprise the moment he started cultivating. His cultivation speed was faster than he had imagined.

When he was at the cultivation base of the Planet Peach, his energy could seep into his body with his breathing even without cultivating. However, on Ceres Star, he had to constantly use his mind power to absorb and implicate energy.

Here, with a concentration of 48 energy, Xu Tui had just activated his main mind power force field, and had not taken the initiative to absorb it when the energy from all directions seemed to be surging.

It was a flood.

Xu Tui only had one thought. He did not know if he was cultivating or if the energy was actively giving him cultivation. This kind of energy influx made him realize that his cultivation speed at this moment was not 24 times that of when he was cultivating on Ceres Star. It should be more than 50 times.

The difference was very simple. He took the initiative to cultivate in Ceres Star. Here, it was passive and active cultivation. In short, the energy could move by itself.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to condense a new supernova. The requirements for breaking through to the Planetary realm were higher towards the end.

For example, if a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse wanted to break through to the Four Satellites, other than the main planet reaching the level of the fourth star halo, at least one supernova had to reach the level of the third-star halo to assist the main planet in controlling the other planets.

The main planet’s force field would be more stable.

Although Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain Nova had three star halos, the Vajra Nova only had two..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1