Chapter 1493 - 1493: The Special Ability Of The Main Force Field Of Mind Power (3)

Chapter 1493 - 1493: The Special Ability of the Main Force Field of Mind Power (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Under the enhancement of the other new stars, his power level could even reach the late-stage of the third star halo.

Since it was an enhancement of his ability, Xu Tui decided to in for a penny in for a pound. He immediately increased the cultivation of the Mountain Nova from the second to the third star halo.

The consequence of two new stars breaking through at the same time was that his mind power was depleted. He was not stingy with the resources in his hands, however. He could absorb the Soul Crystals that could recover his mind power.

In less than half an hour, he started cultivating again. This time, he began to cultivate and strengthen another new star, the mental whip genetic chain. At his speed, the new star was completed in less than half an hour.

Xu Tui called it the Mental Hammer Supernova. As soon as it appeared, it had two star halos. His cultivation had officially broken through to the Four Satellites Planetary realm. As he had the Vajra Sub-Star Force Field, his cultivation aura could switch between Two Satellites, Three Satellites, or Four Satellites.

Xu Tui would naturally not stop cultivating with such a cultivation opportunity. He continued to strengthen the Vajra Nova. As long as he strengthened the Vajra Nova to the fourth star halo, he would be able to condense a new power nova.

The speed of his breakthrough was really fast. However, strengthening the Vajra Nova from the third to the fourth star halo required much more Origin Energy.

After using the method of “filling the duck” for fifty times, the Vajra Nova had been strengthened from the second to the third star halo.

This time, however, he had to use that method more than 80 times to strengthen the Vajra Supernova from the third star halo to the fourth star halo.

The breakthrough of the Vajra Nova gave Xu Tui an inexplicable sense of security. The defense of the Vajra Barrier was still very strong.

Not far away, Gabe and Derry were also making the best use of their time to cultivate. Such concentration of Origin Energy was too rare.

However, Bao Zhang, Yang MO, Kitawan, and the others could only wait.

Xu Tui could understand why Kitawan and the others could not cultivate since they had possessed the guards of the Heavenly Court. However, Xu Tui could not understand why Bao Zhang, Yang MO, and the others could not cultivate. Therefore, he asked.

“Sir, you don’t know, but our bodies are covered in special restrictions. We can’t increase our cultivation with normal cultivation. If we want to increase our cultivation, we have to be conferred the title first,” Bao Zhang said.

“Conferred

“That’s right. For example, you have the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. You have three Star Officials under you and 15 deacons. The three Star Officials were Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Deacons were Six Satellites.

“For someone like me, unless you appoint me as one of the three Star Officials, coupled with my own cultivation and accumulation, I will be able to break through to the Seven Satellites in a short period of time,” Bao Zhang said.

“Appoint you as the three Star Officials? How?” Xu Tui asked.

“There are two conditions for appointing a Star Official under you. Firstly, you need to completely refine and control the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. Secondly, you have to obtain the seals of the three Star Officials under you,” Bao Zhang said.

Xu Tui understood about completely refining it, but where could he find the seals of the three Star Officials?

“Where is the seal of the three Star Officials?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sir, I don’t know either. You need to completely refine the Star Lord’s seal to sense it. Perhaps it was sealed in other rooms in the Ji Shui Star Lord Manor, or perhaps it was wandering outside. No matter where it is, as long as you completely refine the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal, you will be able to appoint a Star Official,” Bao Zhang explained.

Xu Tili suddenly had an idea when he heard Bao Zhang’s explanation- He highly

suspected that the mysterious exchanger, Ullr, returned with a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse after circling around.

Did his subordinates obtain a promotion after they were appointed as Star

Officials? This was especially so for the lightning-type Seven Satellites Planetary realm. It was extremely terrifying! If that was the case, didn’t that mean that Ullr had completely controlled and refined a high -level seal?

Otherwise, how could he appoint someone else?

Was the sudden addition of a large number of Five and Six Satellites Planetary realm Gumyas under Ullr the reason why he obtained the seal of the Heavenly Court in a short period of time?

Xu Tui suddenly understood this. If that was the case, he might be able to have a few more Seven Satellites Planetary realm subordinates in the future. However, the prerequisite was that he had to completely refine and control a certain Star Lord’s seal.

Under normal circumstances, the refinement speed was relatively slow. Although Xu Tui had the help of the red fire slip, the red light in the red fire slip did not recover quickly.

Under such a terrifying cultivation speed, the red fire slip had only recovered about 12 red streaks.

Xu Tui did not waste it. He used it to refine the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole. The higher the refinement of the Longevity Emperor’s seal, the stronger the effect of the various Star Lords’ seals on gathering Origin Energy.

There was still a certain increase.

Xu Tui quickly realized that as his refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole increased, the enhancement effect of gathering energy was also increasing. However, the concentration of energy in all directions was slowly decreasing.

Previously, the concentration of energy was more than 48.

It was only 47 now.

“Little Six, is there a possibility that the energy of the Heavenly Court will be exhausted or rapidly depleted?” Xu Tui contacted Little Six during his cultivation.

“It’s impossible to exhaust it. However, as you enter, the current concentration of energy will definitely decrease,” Little Six said.

“Why do you say that?”

“Because the normal energy concentration in the Heavenly Court should be between four to five according to your standards. In ancient times, it was not as high as it was now. After the small universe of the Heavenly Court sealed itself off, the accumulation of energy over the years resulted in such a terrifying concentration of energy. After a while, it will slowly return to normal,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui, who was rapidly cultivating and improving his cultivation, slowly nodded. The cultivation speed this time could not be replicated. After some time, the concentration of energy in the Heavenly Court would return to normal, and the base number would be greatly reduced. The cultivation effect would naturally slow down.

To be honest, the interior of the Heavenly Court was really a good place to cultivate. If a large number of elites from the Huaxia Sector were sent here to cultivate, coupled with the energy gathering array, they would be able to create a batch of elites in about a year.

During his cultivation, Xu Tui took the time to contact Cai Shaochu, but he brought good news.

Cai Shaochu followed Xu Tui’s previous guidance and searched for the clergy of the Heavenly Court that had the characteristics of Huaxia. For example, the Four Blasphemy Dragon God, the various mountain gods, and so on. He gained a lot.

These seals were extremely compatible with the Huaxia cultivators. They could almost be refined with mind power. He obtained seven clergy seals. However, they were basically low-level seals.

Xu Tui was still cultivating at high speed. He continuously activated the main planet force field of his mind power to assist in his realistic abilities. He used

the method of “filling a duck” and then continuously recovered his mind power.

He kept repeating it. Half a day later, Xu Tui was overjoyed when his Vajra Nova’s star halo reached the fifth level. He could condense another supernova!

Which one should he condense?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1