Chapter 1500 - 1500: Continuous Kill

Chapter 1500: Continuous Kill

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Bao Zhang and Yang MO were basically Xu Tui’s visible combat strength. Therefore, he brought Bao Zhang and Yang MO along when he headed to the target’s Six Imperial Palace.

As for Kitawan, Lang Gui, Feng Ran, Belas, and Lally, Xu Tui used them as hidden combat strength and threw them into the quantum dimensional chain.

Of course, they could be considered a hidden combat strength.

Xu Tui’s current target was Emperor Ziwei’s Ziwei Palace.

Why was it the Palace of the Emperor Ziwei?

The goal that Xu Tui had set previously was to kill or severely injure the power of the Spiritual Race and the Lord of Myths, Ullr, to stop them from continuing to refine the Six Imperial Seals.

Before this, Xu Tui had snatched the Mount Heng Divine Seal from Chi Qing of the Spiritual Race. In the clergy system of the Heavenly Court, the Mount Heng Divine Seal belonged to one of the six rulers, Emperor Ziwei.

To put it in perspective, if the Six Imperials were compared to the six ministers of Huaxia’s historical dynasty, the Mount Heng Divine Seal was a seventh-grade official of the Ministry of Works. He would have to kneel to the high ministers. However, only the Minister of Works could directly control and remove him.

Since the Spiritual Race could have the Mount Heng Divine Seal, there was a

high chance that the Spiritual Race was attacking the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole.

That was the reason for Xu Tui’s judgment.

According to the legends of the Huaxia Dao Sect, the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole had immense authority. Including the 28 Constellations, they were all under his jurisdiction.

Xu Tui had a general understanding of the positions of the Six Imperials in the ancient Heavenly Court according to what Bao Zhang and the others had said, as well as the feedback of the various seals, especially the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

One of the functions of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole was to control heaven and earth.

What was heaven and earth?

More specifically, mountains, rivers, four seasons, celestial phenomena, and so on. In layman’s terms, such as the various mountain gods, the Water God, Hebo, and the Four Blasphemy Dragon Gods, they were all controlled by the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole. Even the Dragon Gods of the four seas were controlled by him.

It had to be known that many mountain gods, water gods, river gods, and so on had all kinds of connections with the Huaxia name.

Therefore, to Huaxia, the seal of the Ziwei Emperor was very important.

Therefore, Xu Tui was prepared to head to Emperor Ziwei to stop the Spiritual Race from refining the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal. Most importantly, Xu Tui had first found and confirmed the Great Emperor of the North Pole, who was one of the six emperors.

This was because the Ziwei Emperor had a purple aura like clouds. The Ziwei Palace that he lived in was also called the Purple Palace.

There was only one purple aura in the six seals that the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole could connect.

Although there was basically no connection between the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole and the other six seals, he could barely point out the location, especially in the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui followed the indicator of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South

Pole and looked for the Ziwei Palace. He would destroy the Spiritual Race first.

In fact, people like Kitawan and Lang Xu could be sacrificed if necessary.

As long as he could wipe out the Spiritual Race in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, it was worth it.

As Xu Tui gradually left the Shenxiao Palace, the ability of the Longevity Emperor Seal to investigate the surroundings became weaker and weaker. It also consumed more and more of his energy. Xu Tui could only stop.

Less than 20 minutes later, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. He had a familiar feeling of being spied on.

Someone was spying on him. However, when he scanned his surroundings with his mental perception, he still could not find where the peeping sensation came from. When he strengthened his spiritual resonance, he felt a faint sense of malice.

There should be enemy scouts here, similar to Mana Aoyama. However, what was hateful was that his concealment ability was extremely brilliant. It might be the same as Mana Aoyama, so Xu Tui could not find it.

Xu Tui’s microscopic perception could discover and find it, but microscopic perception had to search it point by point. It would be years before he could find such a large area without guidance.

Xu Tui’s heart trembled. This meant that he had already entered the enemy’s detection range. Perhaps the enemy was not far from him.

In the Ziwei Palace, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had just completed the gathering of the elites, suddenly received an urgent message through a special method. After reading the information, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, could not help but be stunned. “Xu Tui actually found his way here! Judging from the direction, he’s heading towards the Ziwei Palace? Did he know that I’m in Ziwei Palace? Or did Mana Aoyama really say it?”

In an instant, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, looked at another person not far away from him. “Kubo Ichito, are the bones of the Yamato people soft?”

Kubo Ichito suddenly froze. In the next moment, he suddenly jumped up. “Sir, what do you mean? You can scold us and punish us. You can question our strength, but you must not insult our iron bones! The bones of our Yamato clansmen are the hardest in this world!”

“Then explain to me why Xu Tui went straight to our Ziwei Palace after Mana Aoyama was captured.” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, stared coldly at Kubo Ichito.

“Sir, I can’t explain it! However, I can guarantee that Mana Aoyama will definitely not betray us! Mana Aoyama is our most outstanding assassin-type warrior. Her heart is as strong as iron! Even if he is cut inch by inch, he will not betray any information about us.” After saying that, Kubo Ichito looked at the still cold gaze of the Lord of Myths, Ullr. He suddenly stepped forward and knelt on one knee. “Sir, I swear on my life! If Sir found out in the future that Mana Aoyama had betrayed us, then you can cut my head off!”

Kubo Ichito’s expression was extremely serious. Seeing this, the Myth Lord,

Ullr, relaxed a little. To be honest, the quality of the warriors of the Yamato

Clan was worth trusting. Other than the fact that Xu Tui had come to the Ziwei Palace because he had been betrayed by Mana Aoyama, it could also be a coincidence or luck.

After all, there were only six Six Palaces in the Purple Night Saint Realm.

“I believe in your guarantee!” After a pause, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said, “Xu Tui directly came to the Ziwei Palace. Since that’s the case, it saves us the trouble. We could just fight a beautiful ambush and kill him at the lowest price.

Yes, prepare for battle.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was stunned.

1,000 kilometers away, Xu Tui’s left eye and black eye had just turned into a vortex. The space in front of him immediately turned into a black and white square-like space.

This was the scene of Xu Tui teleporting in the current space and subspace. Normal invisibility methods would not be able to escape Xu Tui’s mental perception as long as they were invisible in the current world.

Only by hiding in the mezzanine between the current space and the dimensional space through supernatural abilities like Yan Lie would his mental perception not be able to see it. However, Xu Tui could see the current space

CUIU unne?1151U11d1 space cue?ctlly WILH ??????????????????? leu eye.

Under the black eye of his left eye, this kind of concealment that involved space could not be hidden.

Xu Tui had forgotten about this previously. He only remembered it now. In the black and white world, a figure was curled up in that space.

Xu Tui instantly sneered.

He found it!

In the next moment, Xu Tui used his mental perception to locate this location through the indicator of his left eye and black eye. He pierced through it with an earth spike.

An ability like concealment could only hide in a spatial layer. It could not completely hide in a sub-space. Actually, a portion of his body was in the current space, while the other portion was constantly fluctuating in the dimensional space. Otherwise, it would not last long.

A strange scream instantly rang out. In the next moment, half of the earth spike pierced through his body. There was only a head, half a neck, and half a body. Most of the body had disappeared.

The reason was very simple. Under Xu Tui’s attack, his concealment ability had failed. Half of his body had been devoured by the dimensional space. Without hesitation, Xu Tui shattered the head. He sealed the mental body in it into the Soul Crystal and threw it in.

There was no time for interrogation. There was no need to interrogate him now. He had already barged into the enemy’s war zone. What was the point of interrogating them? However, Xu Tui had a question in his heart. He was targeting the Ziwei Palace. The Spiritual Race should be in the Ziwei Palace.

But why were the people of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, here?

Mana Aoyama was Ullr’s subordinate. This person’s abilities, including his Asian bloodline and his inner and outer clothes, were exactly the same as Mana Aoyama, but he was on duty here.

Did that mean that the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was nearby? Could it be that the Spiritual Race had cooperated with the Lord of Myths, Ullr?

That was a possibility! And this possibility was not small. According to the immoral actions that the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had displayed previously, it was completely possible for him to cooperate with the Spiritual Race to obtain a Six Imperial Seal.

What about the other Six Imperial Seal? Could it be that the Great Xi Clan was taking it?

With doubts, Xu Tui’s body shone brightly as he accelerated.

In the Ziwei Palace, the Lord of Myths had already found out that something had happened to Takeda Nigetsu through a special method. The situation was the same as Mana Aoyama. His physical body was destroyed, but his mental body was still alive.

“Kubo, retreat the people you set up on the road. Immediately!” Ullr suddenly realized that Xu Tui might have a targeted ability.

Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to discover Mana Aoyama and Takeda Nigetsu, who had extremely brilliant concealment abilities.

Almost immediately after Ullr gave the order, Kubo Ichito began to give his subordinates the order. In less than ten seconds, the expressions of Ullr and Kubo Ichito changed at the same time.

Ullr had a jade token to transmit the information.

As for Kubo Ichito, he had lost contact with his subordinates.

“Sir, there’s… there’s only one person who received the order and replied!” Kubo Ichito was shocked!

Ullr also had a gloomy expression. Another top-notch warrior who was proficient in investigation, concealment, and assassination was gone. He had brought four such warriors this time. Three were gone!

There was only one left!

To be honest, if he had a choice, Ullr would rather sacrifice two Planetary realm powerhouses of the same level in exchange for the safe return of such a Yamato Warrior. Their value and practicality were too high.

However, what made him angry was that Xu Tui had killed three of them in a short period of time.

“Prepare for battle. He’s about to arrive!” Ullr roared helplessly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1