Chapter 403 - Don’T Cross The Line. If You Cross

Chapter 403: Don’t Cross the Line. If You Cross the Line, You’ll Have Your Hands Cut Off

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In the Extra-terrestrial.

In an exquisitely decorated hall, Ruan Tianzuo, who had a beard and white eyebrows, but his hair was combed back, casually threw the communication device in his hand to his grandson, Ruan Da.

As a planetary-level existence, Ruan Tianzuo disliked the fully functional personal communication devices produced by the Blue Star. Using that thing made him feel like he was being monitored at all times. He usually used the special communication devices that his family company gave him.

As for the communication devices used to contact the Blue Star, they would usually be thrown to his grandson, Ruan Da, for safekeeping.

“Grandpa, I don’t understand. Why did you call to protect Lu Guanqing? According to the various evidence sent by the Special Intelligence Division, although Lu Guanqing was not a real spy, he was indeed too stupid. He even colluded with people from the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

“Moreover, after this incident, his reputation had already been tarnished. There’s no point in protecting such an idiot, right?” Ruan Da asked sincerely.

Ruan Tianzuo glanced at Ruan Da, his eyes filled with fondness. At his level, he had to consider further. He had long discovered that the so-called democratic world that had only been maintained for a few hundred years was about to collapse after the genetic newcomers’ individual strength had greatly increased.

A major change might happen in the next few years. He had to be prepared. Therefore, he took turns to bring the third generation of the family to his side and nurture them. It was not only to nurture strength, but also to nurture foresight and strategy!

With his strength as a Planetary realm powerhouse, he could fight for an opportunity for the Ruan family to rise. However, if the Ruan family wanted to develop in the long term, they needed more than just a Planetary realm existence like him.

“Three reasons.”

Ruan Tianzuo raised three fingers to his grandson, Ruan Da.

“Firstly, after the Shamera incident, the local forces of the Blue Star became even more wary of us planetary-level cultivators. However, none of them made it clear. I did this to test the bottom line of the Huaxia Sector. At the same time, I wanted to show off my influence.

“Lu Guanqing had committed a crime, but he could use the excuse of being sent to the extraterrestrial as a means of protection. Won’t the people who work for us have more confidence?”

Ruan Da nodded gently. He understood that.

“Secondly, it’s also a signal. There are a total of seven planetary-level cultivators in the Huaxia Sector. I spoke up and protected Lu Guanqing. It can be considered a small test, collision, and destruction of the rules. Most importantly, the Huaxia Genetic Committee gave me face and succeeded.

“What do you think the other six planetary-level cultivators will think?” Ruan Tianzuo asked.

“If there was a similar situation, would they also collide and break the previous rules like you? The more people involved, the more holes would be torn in the rules. The more privileges we can obtain in the future?” Ruan Da, who had figured it out, was a little excited.

“Something like that. However, there was another meaning. I wanted to test the attitude of the other six planetary-level experts through this move! Their attitude towards me breaking the rules of the past will determine their bottom line!” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“Attitude and bottom line?” Ruan Da was confused.

“Just wait. We’ll know in a while.”

“Grandpa, what about the third reason?”

Hearing this, Ruan Tianzuo looked at Ruan Da and smiled. “The third reason is actually to teach you—it’s better to make a contribution than to make a mistake!”

Ruan Da’s eyes lit up slightly. “Grandpa, you protected Lu Guanqing this time. I’m afraid that Lu Guanqing will give his life to our family when he gets to the extra-terrestrial, right? Will it work?”

“Think about the deeper meaning behind this before answering slowly. There was a saying that a person’s words were too late. Why was it that people spoke too late? This was because after reaching a high position, one would think more thoroughly before making a decision. If one had more time to think, they would speak slower. Do you understand?” Ruan Tianzuo said.

Ruan Da understood that Ruan Tianzuo had said that he was not steady enough and was anxious. He quickly nodded and agreed. It took a while for him to reorganize his words and summarize the meaning of protecting Lu Guanqing. Ruan Tianzuo was satisfied.

While they were talking, Ruan Da’s communication device rang. It was a video call request. Ruan Da’s expression turned cold when he saw the caller ID.

“It’s Grandpa Jian.”

A cold smile appeared on Ruan Tianzuo’s face. “Look, the attitude is here. Answer it.”

The Grandpa Jian that Ruan Da mentioned was Jian Zhen. Ruan Da addressed him as Grandpa since they had met before. Of course, the main reason was that Jian Zhen was also one of the seven planetary-level experts in the Huaxia Sector.

“Old Ruan, it’s not right for you to protect Lu Guanqing!” Jian Zhen went straight to the point, with a hint of blame.

“You old thing, mind your own business! Lu Guanqing is my student and has done many things for me over the years. He had made a mistake in a moment of folly. So what if I protected him? It can be considered a punishment for him to abandon his family and children to come to the extra-terrestrial,” Ruan Tianzuo scolded jokingly.@@novelbin@@

“However, if others were to fight to imitate it, the rules would be in chaos. If they want to mess up this rule, they have to have the strength to do so.”

“You…”

On the video call, Jian Zhen’s long eyebrows fluttered. He seemed angry.

“Old Ruan, I understand your thoughts, but we can’t be too selfish. It’s best not to do such a thing in the future.”

“Huh?” Ruan Tianzuo raised his head, looking like he wanted to do something.

“Otherwise, it won’t look good for everyone! It won’t be good for the Blue Star and the family.”

With that, Jian Zhen hung up.

Ruan Tianzuo’s face darkened. This was the first person who came over to express his stance.

It was an objection. However, it was not too obvious.

Less than a minute after Jian Zhen hung up, another video call came in.

“Grandpa, it’s Pei Tiefeng!”

“Answer it!”

The call was connected, and the video call came into view. It was a backdrop of a sea of flames. The raging flames seemed to be burning under the feet of the man in the camouflage suit.

Pei Tiefeng, who was wearing a camouflage combat uniform, did not feel anything from the flames. Even his combat uniform was not damaged at all.

“Ruan Tianzuo, you’ve crossed the line.”

“Old Pei, you’re interfering too much.”

“Ruan Tianzuo, I like to chop off hands the most. Especially those hands that have crossed the line. If I see one, I’ll chop one. If I see a pair, I’ll chop a pair. Your hand has crossed the line. Don’t give me a chance to chop it.” Pei Tiefeng’s tone was cold, as if there was no room for negotiation.

“You have to be able to chop it.” Ruan Tianzuo sneered.

“You know that I was raised in the Huaxia Sector’s military. I follow the rules the most. Of course, that’s if you follow the rules. If you don’t follow the rules, I will be even more unruly than you,” Pei Tiefeng shouted.

“Old Pei, is this a threat to me?”

“It’s a warning! A serious warning!” Pei Tiefeng said.

“I understand,” Ruan Tianzuo replied softly. The meaning was unclear, but he had no intention of falling out with Pei Tiefeng.

“You better not let that Lu Guanqing out of the base. If he dares to leave the base, I will definitely kill him!”

“You!”

This time, it was Ruan Tianzuo’s turn to be angry.

“I’m already giving you face. Otherwise, I would have killed Lu Guanqing the moment he arrived in the extra-terrestrial! A person who had helped the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization could even be sent to the extraterrestrial base. If it were me in the past, I would have chopped him into pieces on the way here!

“You’d better behave yourself, Old Ruan. Don’t cross the line!”

With that, Pei Tiefeng hung up.

Seeing his grandfather’s ugly expression, Ruan Da hurriedly brewed a cup of tea and handed it over.

“Grandpa, have some water to calm yourself down.”

Ruan Tianzuo took a sip of tea and sneered. “What’s there to be angry about? This is their attitude. I wanted to see how the remaining three would react. If the attitude of the remaining three people is really the same as Pei Tiefeng, then Lu Guanqing will be sent to the mine for hard labor as soon as he arrives.”

“Grandpa, including you, there are still three people who haven’t expressed their stance. There are only six of them, and aren’t there seven planetary-level experts?”

“Shang Long!

“The genetic miracle Shang Long couldn’t hold in two years ago and finally entered that mysterious area. I don’t know if he’s dead or alive, but we can’t contact him now,” Ruan Tianzuo explained.

Ruan Da nodded slightly. Then, he carefully served his grandfather and ordered tea from time to time.

Ruan Da waited on him for two hours. He had changed the tea leaves three times, but there was no call.

“Grandpa, there hasn’t been a call. It looks like the remaining three won’t express their stance easily,” Ruan Da said.

“No!” Ruan Tianzuo shook his head. “It’s been a long time. They’ve made their stand.”

“They’ve already expressed their stance?” Ruan Da was stunned.

“The fact that they didn’t say anything about this matter is the greatest attitude of the remaining three. It’s impossible for them to call and say that they support me. Their silence meant that they had the same thoughts. They would most likely try something similar in the future! A thousand-mile dam was destroyed by an ant’s nest!

“Four to two, that’s enough!”

Ruan Tianliang suddenly laughed out loud. His laughter was extremely carefree. It was worth it to see so many things through a small move.

Ruan Da smiled when he saw his grandfather smiling. Suddenly, Ruan Da thought of another name.

“By the way, Grandpa, Principal Cai Shaochu did not call either. Logically speaking, with Principal Cai Shaochu’s character, he should also object to this matter.” Ruan Da suddenly thought of a person that he admired.

Cai Shaochu was the principal of the Extraterrestrial Research Institute. He had been the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College three times.

“Cai Shaochu?” Ruan Tianzuo sneered. “Do you think he’s a saint? But how many saints are there in this world? After Wang Yangming, there were no longer any Saints in this world! “There are many hypocrites in this world.”

Ruan Da nodded in disappointment. A certain glorious image in his mind suddenly dimmed.

Just as Ruan Da was feeling disappointed, the phone rang again. The sound of the phone made Ruan Tianzuo’s heart tighten. Those who called, to a certain extent, were objecting. If someone were to oppose him now, the ratio would be three to three.

That would be terrible.

“Grandpa, it’s a call from Elder Huang Gu, a planetary-level powerhouse in the Sing-Malaysia Sector,” Ruan Da quickly said.

“Huang Gu.”

This name made Ruan Tianzuo heave a sigh of relief. Fortunately, everything was within his expectations.