Chapter 402 - Qiao Shi And Li Jin’S Big Failure (3)

Chapter 402: Qiao Shi and Li Jin’s Big Failure (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“What about Lu Guanqing? Has he been dealt with?” Li Jin asked.

“Not at the moment. I heard that he might be sent to the extra-terrestrial.”

“Extraterrestrial?”

“Yes, according to internal information, Ruan Tianzuo has spoken,” Li Zifeng said.

“Ruan Tianzuo?” Li Jin fell silent. “After the Shamera incident, did the influence of a Planetary realm being increase instead of decrease?”

“The Genetic Committee’s strategy towards Planetary realm existences is basically the same at the moment. They will take precautions, but they won’t anger them too much. As long as the request was not overboard, they would usually satisfy a portion of it.”@@novelbin@@

As he was deep in thought, Li Jin suddenly cheered.

“That’s a good thing. Now that the matter is out in the open, the influence of a Planetary realm existence will be greater. We will have more room to maneuver.”

After a pause, Li Jin’s expression suddenly became extremely solemn.

“Zifeng, I’ve decided!”

“Go ahead, Director.” Li Zifeng pretended to listen.

“Zifeng, I originally had a 70% chance of taking over the position of the old man. However, Lu Guanqing, this pig-like thing, actually revealed all these things. He even directly tainted me with the bad luck of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. This was simply a gift to my competitors. I’ve met a lot of people in the past two days, but I estimate that the possibility of me taking over the position will plummet. It might not even be 50%.”

“Director, it couldn’t be less than 50%, right?”

“The old man is also angry with me because I didn’t get any information about the research project of the abnormal load of mind power. If anything goes wrong, I might not even have 40%. Less than 50% was too dangerous for me. Therefore, I have to take action. I have to get this position before I can use it as a springboard to control the extraterrestrial forces!” Li Jin said.

“What are you suggesting, Sir?”

“Extraterrestrial! The will of a Planetary realm powerhouse like Ruan Tianzuo can even affect a colossus like the Genetic Committee. In that case, the influence that Huang Gu, the Planetary realm powerhouse of our Sing-Malaysia Sector, had on our Genetic Committee would only be stronger! I am prepared to contact him and agree to his previous conditions.”

“Will he become too powerful?” Li Zifeng was a little worried.

“Too powerful?” Li Jin sneered. “He’s just a martial artist after all. As long as I can rise to the top, I have plenty of methods.”

Li Zifeng was stunned, then nodded. “I understand, Director.”

“Help me arrange a time to talk to him personally! In addition, I want to contact Ruan Tianzuo and see if I could talk to him. I felt that the current Ruan Tianzuo would need an ally like me. Especially the allies of external forces,” Li Jin said.

“You’re wise, Director,” Li Zifeng praised.

“By the way, Zifeng, how far are you from that realm?” Li Jin suddenly asked.

“I’ve only touched the threshold of the quasi-planetary level. However, it’s hard to say if I can break through to the Planetary realm. It might take a year or two, or it might take decades,” Li Zifeng said.

Hearing this, Li Jin nodded. “Alright, I won’t rush you about cultivation. If you need any cultivation information, just make a list.”

“Okay, I’ll contact Elder Huang now.”

Li Jin responded and suddenly called out to Li Zifeng, “Oh, right, Zifeng, get the intelligence team to pay more attention to Xu Tui in the future.”

“What do you mean, Director?”

“This student made me suffer a few losses without me knowing. I almost missed that throne. He even made me pay a higher price. Pay attention. I am suddenly very interested in him. If there’s a chance, we might as well have more fun!” Li Jin said.

“I understand, Director. I’ll make the arrangements.”