Chapter 408 - The Practical Xu Tui

Chapter 408: The Practical Xu Tui

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui suddenly understood why Zheng Shaohong and Wen Shao were working so hard previously. In order to get first place in the comprehensive assessment of the Mystery Branch, Zheng Shaohong and Wen Shao did not even care about their reputation.

From Wen Shao’s earliest battle strategy to the supernatural-type experts taking turns challenging Xu Tui after he was on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Later, they even sent out the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun.@@novelbin@@

It was to compete for the first place in the comprehensive assessment of the Mystery Branch.

At that time, Xu Tui could not understand. Even if it involved certain benefits or even their personal future, Wen Shao and the others were going too far.

Now, it seemed completely normal.

The first place in the comprehensive assessment of the Mystery Branch not only involved their personal future and the benefits of the faculty, but it also involved a major benefit. Moreover, according to An Xiaoxue, not only were there rewards for the students, but there were also rewards for the teachers of the students who had won the competition.

There were two rewards.

Firstly, the teachers of the student who managed to obtain a spot in the competition could follow the research team to study in the extra-terrestrial.

Secondly, the teacher would also receive a reward of no more than five grams of Origin Crystal. Origin crystals were hard currency that was higher than contribution points in the extra-terrestrial.

Each of these rewards was extremely valuable. To a certain extent, not only would a student obtain an astonishing reward, but the teacher’s strength would also greatly increase.

It was no wonder that the Supernatural Branch was fighting for it intensely. However, although the reward was good, there were not many spots for competition.

For example, the top Genetic Evolution College in the Huaxia Sector, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, only had four spots with rewards every year.

Two belong to the First-year Dragon and First-year Tiger. The other two were the first place in the Extreme Branch’s overall assessment and the first place in the Mystery Branch’s overall assessment. There were four spots.

In comparison, there were more recommendation spots.

For example, Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, had two recommendations for extraterrestrial research. However, they were not limited to freshmen.

For example, Zheng Shaohong, the head of the Supernatural Branch, also had two recommendations.

These two recommendation spots were separated. One was because of his position as the head of the Supernatural Branch, and the other was because Zheng Shaohong was a Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivator.

However, there were no rewards for these recommendations. They could only be recommended to study in the extra-terrestrial.

Of course, it was not just the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The other Genetic Evolution Colleges also had a variety of competing slots.

For example, the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College also had four competing slots. There were only three spots in the Huaxia Aerospace Genetic Evolution College with rewards. The genetic evolution universities in other regions generally had one to two competing slots depending on their strength.

The Jincheng Prefecture Genetic Evolution College, which was the most remote and had a relatively small population, would only have a quota with rewards every two years.

The competing slots for the Genetic Evolution College in the other districts were similar. For example, the New India Genetic Evolution College was the same as the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. It also had four competing slots with rewards.

However, the total number of spots awarded by the Genetic Evolution College in the India Sector was only half of the number of Genetic Evolution College in the Huaxia Sector.

As for why she gave this spot to Bian Yuan, An Xiaoxue did not say much. She only said that Bian Yuan had been silently contributing to the School of Enlightened Mind all these years. He had even sacrificed himself back then. Since there was a chance now, she had to give him a chance to rise again.

In the afternoon, Xu Tui would usually choose to attend classes or self-study the theory classes of the upper grades. He would then read some ancient books that were related to enlightenment that Mr. Bian Yuan had sent over.

Occasionally, when he was free, he would watch some live broadcasts and relax a little. Of course, it would not be a live-stream of a beautiful girl.

With Xu Tui’s current situation, he could approach An Xiaoxue at any time. He could ask Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing out for a meal with just a phone call. There were real-life beauties with unique auras who could interact with him. A live-stream of a beautiful girl was not fragrant at all.

Xu Tui was watching the live stream of the school’s challenge.

Due to the fact that it was close to the end of the year, especially since extraterrestrial research was imminent, the Year One Longhu List became exceptionally lively.

Of course, Xu Tui was excluded from this excitement.

According to the announcement by the teacher-in-charge, there were five students who were allowed to challenge the Tiger, Peter, every three days. The queue had already been scheduled for the next two weeks.

If not for the fact that the school’s rules regarding the Longhu List were more complete, Peter would probably be exhausted from fighting every day.

However, Peter had been fighting five battles every three days for two weeks. Although he won every time, there were occasionally one or two matches where Peter had a harder time winning. He even won by a narrow margin.

This gave the other freshmen hope. They would be able to take over the position if they pulled down the first-year Tiger, Peter. Although they could not defend the ranking of Longhu List for three months, the school had its own rules to supplement them. There would be additional battles.

However, they finally got the chance.

Peter had thought of containing the situation. Every time he attacked, he would not hold back. He would even kill. Several students were severely injured. However, the strength that Peter had displayed gave the other students hope of competing for the Tiger of the First Year. Therefore, there was an endless stream of students challenging Peter.

They had been waiting in line for two weeks.

As the saying went, comparisons were odious.

On the live broadcast, during the interval between the battles, Peter would occasionally look up at the name hanging above his head.

The Dragon of Year One—Xu Tui!

Damn it, no one challenged him! Ever since he entered the rankings in September, not a single freshman had taken the initiative to challenge Xu Tui.

They were not stupid. No one would do something that they would definitely lose.

Xu Tui’s ruthlessness was still fresh in many of the students’ minds.

Liu Kai, a third-year thunder-type supernatural being, had his neck cut off by Xu Tui. He almost died on the spot. It was said that that battle had left a psychological scar on Liu Kai. He would touch his neck from time to time. He only managed to ease the pain after he sought the help of a psychologist.

So Peter was not stupid.

Over the past three months, Peter had never challenged Xu Tui in public or in private.

Peter, who had watched Longhu List three months ago, knew very well how big the gap between him and Xu Tui was.

He had been chasing after him with all his might for the past three months, and his cultivation was so hard that it could be said that he was torturing himself. The resources provided by his family were also sufficient.

Even so, Peter still did not have the confidence to defeat Xu Tui. He still had the confidence to defeat Xu Tui three months ago. But Xu Tui must have improved over the past three months, right?

Therefore, even though Peter was envious of Xu Tui, who had no one to challenge him, he could only be envious. He had to accept the challenge obediently.

For the Extreme Branch, fighting was also a form of cultivation! There had always been a saying that a battle was better than ten practices!

Of course, this battle referred to the battle of letting go with all his might.

Compared to the liveliness of the first-year Longhu List, the second-year Longhu List, third-year Longhu List, and the Longhu Overall Rankings were not as lively.

There was only one challenge every few days. Under normal circumstances, there would only be one or two challenges a week. It was mainly because they had a clear understanding of their own strengths by the time they reached their second or third year. They only challenged them when they were confident.

This was especially true for the Longhu Overall Rankings. Everyone had to give it their all in every battle. Their lives were in danger in every battle.

Therefore, they were very cautious.

Xu Tui suddenly felt his hands itch as he watched the live stream of the Longhu List.

From October to the beginning of November, Xu Tui was embroiled in a fierce battle due to the clearing mission and the attack in Niyah. Every battle could be said to be walking on the edge of life and death.

Coupled with Luo Shifeng’s sacrifice, Xu Tui had been training with his life on the line for the past month. He risked his life to improve himself.

Xu Tui suddenly wanted to fight a few battles after watching the live stream of the Year One Longhu List. In the end, all the increase in strength still depended on battle.

A battle was better than ten training sessions!

His target was definitely not the Year One Longhu List. There are no opponents in the First Year Longhu List. It could only be the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“Who should I challenge?”

Xu Tui immediately brought up the Longhu Overall Rankings on his communication device. His gaze kept wandering around those names. However, no matter who he challenged, Xu Tui immediately set a small goal for himself.

If he has to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings, he has to at least reach the top 70 of the Longhu Overall Rankings!

Xu Tui had set this small goal mainly because he was more pragmatic. According to the reward rules of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Dragon of Huaxia would receive four bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days.

To be honest, Xu Tui was too envious of the reward. If he could obtain the position of the Dragon of Huaxia, this reward alone would be enough for him to cultivate for nearly half a month.

From the second to the tenth place on the Longhu Overall Rankings, there were three bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days. From the 11th to the 40th place, there were two bottles every three days. From the 41st to the 70th place, there was a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days.

In the past three months, although no one had challenged Xu Tui, there had been people who had challenged the seniors in front of him, and their rankings had been lowered after they won.

Xu Tui’s ranking on the Longhu Overall Rankings had dropped to 93rd place.

From the 71st to the 100th place, there was a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every six days.

According to the rules of the reward, Xu Tui would earn 50,000 dollars every three days if he could make his way to the top 70.

He could earn 500,000 yuan a month!

He had to get this reward!

One wouldn’t be able to find a job that could easily earn 500,000 yuan a month even if they had a lantern.

Xu Tui’s parents had been saying that they wanted to go out to work and earn some money to support the family. Otherwise, it would be too stressful for Xu Tui to support the family alone.

Xu Tui was also having a headache over this problem. He had to find something for his parents to do, but he had to find a job that was relaxing enough. Otherwise, they would have nothing to do every day. They would either urge him to get married or to have a baby!

The high school classmates that his mother, Zhang Xiuli, mentioned had children running all over the place. They were growing up rapidly every day.

In the past few days, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, had said that his high school classmate’s child was almost old enough to attend kindergarten!

Xu Tui had only graduated from high school half a year ago. Who the hell was going to kindergarten soon!

“He’ll do!”

Xu Tui lowered his finger and suddenly drew a name on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“But I’ll challenge him tomorrow. I’ve vomited so many times today, and I’m not in good condition.” Xu Tui made a decision.