Chapter 407 - The Reward That Everyone Was Jealous Of

Chapter 407: The Reward That Everyone Was Jealous Of

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Genetic base points that can resist dizziness?” In the Research Institute Number 14, An Xiaoxue frowned slightly and looked at Xu Tui in surprise. “Are you sure?”

“Miss An, before I went to the air training base yesterday to undergo anti-dizziness training, I twisted my mind power and used the Double Spiral Spiral Force. I could only last five seconds before I threw up. But look, the improvement is too great today.”

As he spoke, the flying sword flew up from Xu Tui’s chest and began to spin slowly like a drill.

Under An Xiaoxue’s gaze, the rotation of the flying sword suddenly accelerated. The flying speed also increased drastically, but the turns were more agile.

In the past, the flying sword had to circle around an arc of at least 60 degrees before it could change directions. However, under the power of the double spiral, the angle needed for the flying sword to change direction became even smaller. With a slight change in the two Spiral Forces, the flying sword could adjust its angle more quickly and flexibly.

After Xu Tui used the Spiral Force, the angle of attack of his flying sword became even more tricky and strange.

How should he put it? Did you think you would be fine after you receive one attack of the flying sword? However, a flying sword powered by the Spiral Force could turn 45 degrees. Moreover, the lethality of the flying sword was only slightly reduced.

This was the power of the Double Spiral Force.

If he used the Triple Spiral Force, or even the Five Spiral Force, he could probably do a 30- or even 15-degree turn.

An Xiaoxue completely believed Xu Tui’s words when she saw Xu Tui’s flying sword spinning at high speed for two minutes in the research hall. She had spent some effort practicing the Thousand Miles Sword Technique in the past. She had practiced for about half a year. But she could only last for a minute under the Double Spiral Force. After a minute, she couldn’t take it anymore.

As she was using her mind power to spin, the dizziness brought about by the mind power spiral was even more intense and direct than the dizziness brought about by her body being spun. This was because it directly affected the mind. It felt like her entire head was spinning.

This was also one of the problems that a genetic miracle faced when cultivating the Thousand Miles Sword Technique. If there was really a genetic base point that could resist dizziness, it would be too meaningful for genetic miracles!

Those who cultivated the Thousand Miles Sword Technique would be able to improve its power. Those who could not cultivate could also easily cultivate Spiral Force. They could use Spiral Force as a means of attack to increase their combat strength.

For example, An Xiaoxue herself. If she could activate a few of her silver pills with her Spiral Force, she would be like a tiger hidden in a flock of sheep. She would definitely be able to give the enemy a fatal blow if she caught them off guard.

Five minutes later, An Xiaoxue could confirm that Xu Tui had indeed activated genetic base points that could resist dizziness.

An Xiaoxue was very clear about Xu Tui’s cultivation progress. The day before yesterday, Xu Tui’s Spiral Force had lasted for four seconds. Yesterday, he fainted in five seconds. Currently, Xu Tui was still fine even after five minutes in the Spiral Force state. There was only one possibility—he had activated genetic base points that could resist dizziness.

Previously, according to Shang Long and Ji Qianli’s cultivation notes, they had been cultivating the Spiral Force for more than a few years. Every day that he persevered in his cultivation would have an improvement effect.

However, the duration of their Spiral Force would increase significantly after a certain day of training. Both Ji Qianli and Shang Long classified this phenomenon as a result of accumulation. It was not summarized into genetic base points.

In other words, Xu Tui had completed another scientific research invention.

“Do you have an accurate location?” An Xiaoxue asked an extremely crucial question.

There were two key points in the invention of genetic base points. The first was the positioning method, and the second was the replication method. Only by achieving these two points at the same time would it be recognized by the Genetic Committee.

The significance and value of the discovery of the genetic base points that could resist dizziness were not as great as the genetic base points of the reaction speed category. However, it was not small.

There were two clear benefits.

The first was that the training cycle of the pilots of the space fighter jets and space vehicles, which had extremely high requirements for resisting dizziness, might be greatly shortened. This meant a lot to the Huaxia Sector.

The training period of three to five years for the pilots of the Aerospace Combat Jet would not be able to keep up with the depletion of energy. This was also one of the reasons why the extraterrestrial genetic newcomers were so powerful. Once the operators of technological weapons were damaged, they would be finished. They would have to start all over again.

However, genetic newcomers with powerful individual abilities could be saved as long as they were still breathing. After they were rescued, their combat power would become stronger.

The second benefit was that it was beneficial for the genetic newcomers who cultivated Object Control.

Spiral Force was not an invention of genetic miracles. This method of exerting force was very common. However, the key was that many people could not master it. It did not have any related abilities.

However, if genetic base points that could resist dizziness were discovered, the difficulty of cultivating the Spiral Force would be greatly reduced. Even without a complete set of abilities like the Thousand-Mile Sword Technique, just the Spiral Force alone could greatly increase the combat power of the genetic newcomers.

“I also just realized that there is no precise positioning method. To put it more vaguely, us Genetic Miracle who has introspection can do it.” Xu Tui understood what An Xiaoxue meant, but it was the truth.

“Is there any possibility of a replication?”

“It’s not difficult for people who have introspection and could concentrate their mind to replicate it. As for the others, if they were not afraid of wasting energy, they would have to undergo high-intensity anti-dizziness training every day before consuming the Energy Restoration Elixir.

“By providing sufficient energy, these three genetic base points that have been strongly stimulated can passively absorb more energy. The speed at which they can be activated should be more than doubled,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui could be considered an expert in activating the genetic base points. He immediately had his own judgment.

An Xiaoxue was still frowning. If that was the case, the scope of the replication would be too small. The benefits of these three genetic base points could not be promoted. However, she could still study it.

“Miss An, try activating it first. We’ll slowly study the specific method of locating and reproducing it after you activate it,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s the only way. I’ll also increase my anti-dizziness training for about two hours from today onwards. Then, I’ll activate the area-of-effect Spirit Focus while you’re in the introspective state. I’ll try to activate the genetic base points that can resist dizziness within a month,” An Xiaoxue said.

“A month. Isn’t that a little long?”

“Even if we have introspection, we can’t accurately locate the location. We can only activate the area-of-effect Spirit Focus while we are in the introspection state. A month is considered fast,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, actually, I can already help you locate the area and mark the basic positions of these three genetic base points with my mind power. By cooperating with your extreme anti-dizziness training, you can achieve small-scale accurate positioning. Even if there are some errors, it won’t take a month. It should be activated in three to five days,” Xu Tui suggested.

“No!”

An Xiaoxue rejected him completely. She was even a little angry.

Xu Tui was a little confused.

“Miss An, why is that?” Xu Tui did not understand.

Only then did An Xiaoxue realize that she had overreacted. “Is this your first day in contact with mind power? Mind power directly entering the body was equivalent to another form of… intrusion! You can do everything…”

An Xiaoxue bit her lip with an awkward expression.

“Look at me!” Xu Tui slapped himself on the head before he could react.

An Xiaoxue was being tactful. In the Great Genetic Era, there was a new crime called the mental rape. It was controlling the victim and forcing one’s mind power in.

“It’s fine. I understand that you didn’t do it on purpose. In that case, I’ll make these three genetic base points that can resist dizziness one of our research projects next year. You’re the number one researcher,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, you should do it. I’m just making a start.”

“How many studies have been trapped by the inability to start? You’re the first researcher,” An Xiaoxue insisted.

“Then I’ll be ranked alongside you.” Xu Tui took a step back.

“We’ll talk about it when the results are out,” An Xiaoxue said. “You can describe the general area and your training method first. I’ll try my best to speed up the training so that I can produce results.”

Xu Tui naturally agreed. However, he immediately imagined the scene of An Xiaoxue vomiting during training. That scene was too beautiful.

An hour had passed by the time they finished their exchange.

Xu Tui was about to leave when An Xiaoxue stopped him again.

“It’s been confirmed. You will set off for extraterrestrial research on December 28th. You should get ready,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, what preparations do I need?” Xu Tui asked.

“The first is, naturally, strength. You have to cultivate every day. There’s no need to talk about it. Second, you had to have a special flying license. If you don’t have it, you’re disqualified. But you have it. The rest was to arrange the matters at home and prepare some consumables for the journey. However, there was no need for too much.

“The things that genetic cultivators used were much more abundant in the extra-terrestrial than on the Blue Star. Of course, it’s not difficult for you to maintain your position as a first-year dragon,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Yes, I understand.”

“By the way, you actually managed to get two spots for our School of Enlightened Mind this time. Among them, you obtained the spot of a Year One Dragon. I plan to give the first place in the comprehensive assessment of the Mystery Branch to someone else. I’ll let you know first. If you have any objections, say it now,” An Xiaoxue said.

“No objections.” Xu Tui shook his head. “But Miss An, do I know who you are giving this spot to?”

“Bian Yuan.”

“Mr. Bian? Can he go even if he’s a teacher?” Xu Tui was very surprised.

“Actually, there are still many people who can go to the Extraterrestrial Research Institute. According to the rules, the Genetic Transmuters on the Blue Star can obtain a recommendation spot.

“Some organizations, such as the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Genetic Research Institute, and other genetic evolution colleges, had fixed quotas for recommendations. However, it’s different for someone like you who managed to get a spot through a very credible ranking,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Recommendation spots? A spot obtained from the ranking? What’s the difference?”

“Reward. The recommendation spot is only for them to study abroad. All the treatment is the same. All the cultivation resources in the extra-terrestrial, except for the basic benefits, are priced.

“Of course, there is a price to pay for all the cultivation resources you have obtained from the rankings. However, among your benefits, there is a reward that everyone is extremely jealous of,” An Xiaoxue said.@@novelbin@@

“What reward?”

“One bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir? What was the use of this elixir? Is it expensive? Will everyone be jealous?” Xu Tui wondered.

“Expensive?” An Xiaoxue smiled. “This thing can no longer be described as expensive. Basically, this can only be produced with 10 grams of Origin Crystals and more than a dozen extremely rare materials through a special process with the mind power of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“In the extra-terrestrial, even if it’s a Planetary realm powerhouse or someone else who meets the requirements and is qualified to buy it, the price of this is 10,000 contribution points per bottle!”

“Are there any in the Blue Star?” Xu Tui asked.

“Blue Star? Someone in the underground market once offered a billion yuan to purchase an Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, but he never received it.”

“A billion?”

When Xu Tui sucked in a breath of cold air, An Xiaoxue said, “However, you will be given a bottle based on your spot.”

Xu Tui was completely stunned.