Chapter 409 - One Strike

Chapter 409: One Strike

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“How about a battle?”@@novelbin@@

In the morning, Xu Tui continued his genetic mutation training. After lunch, he found his contact list and sent a message. He was not in a hurry after sending the message. He lay back on the bed and prepared to take a nap.

Although the Spiral Force and Heart Sword Heart Eye training in the morning did not consume much mind power, he was still a little tired on the mental level after being highly focused for a long time.

Xu Tui did not expect to receive a message in less than 30 seconds.

“Alright, I want to fight too! Tell me the time!” Dai Lijun’s reply was extremely fast.

The person Xu Tui had challenged was none other than the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun. Ever since he took the initiative to challenge Xu Tui in September, Dai Lijun had also fallen into a period of silence for more than two to three months. He had never challenged the Longhu Overall Rankings again.

However, many students could always see Dai Lijun cultivating diligently.

Dai Lijun had won the battle against Xu Tui despite being injured. However, to the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun, it was a humiliation!

In reality, even if Xu Tui did not challenge him, Dai Lijun planned to challenge Xu Tui in private within half a month. He could not bring himself to take the initiative to challenge Xu Tui on the Longhu Overall Rankings again. He did not expect Xu Tui to take the initiative to challenge him.

Therefore, Dai Lijun agreed readily!

“2:30 p.m. at the Longhu Overall Rankings Arena. I’ll be waiting for you!”

“Alright, I’ll be there on time.”

Xu Tui lay on the bed and thought about the battle with Dai Lijun again as he rested. His strength had definitely increased exponentially since September.

However, according to Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Luo Shifeng’s analysis of that battle, Dai Lijun might have held back in the beginning. He did not use his strongest strength at the beginning.

Dai Lijun had gone to the extraterrestrial to study with the position of the first-year Dragon. However, the battle was too intense. Dai Lijun, who did not use his full strength at the start, did not have the chance to do so when he realized that the situation was not right.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to be cautious when he fought Dai Lijun today. Every student from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College could not be underestimated.

…

At 2:27 p.m., Xu Tui arrived at the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings.

The teacher on duty also went to work at 2:25. Generally speaking, the teachers on duty on the Longhu List were relatively free.

“Teacher, I would like to register. I, Xu Tui, am ranked 93rd on the overall Longhu List. I would like to challenge the 88th on the Longhu Overall Rankings, Dai Lijun.”

The teacher on duty was shocked. He had personally experienced the bloody battle between Xu Tui and Dai Lijun three months ago.

At this moment, waves rose again.

“Alright, I need to contact Dai Lijun and see when he can accept the challenge,” the teacher on duty said.

“I can do it now.”

Before the teacher on duty could finish his sentence, Dai Lijun appeared beside him. The teacher on duty immediately understood that the two of them must have made an appointment.

“You guys have to wait for a while. I have to contact the professors on duty. Ordinary teachers might not be able to handle the battle between the two of you.”

That was how it should be. Not long after, a shiny head appeared with a surprised expression.

Qu Qingshan. He had no choice. He was only an associate professor. He deserved it!

Not long after, another associate professor who had entered the Genetic Evolution Realm for a long time also arrived. While they were waiting, a piece of news quickly spread throughout the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

On the Longhu Overall Rankings, the first-year dragon Xu Tui challenged the second-year dragon Dai Lijun!

The two dragons fought again!

When the students saw the news, they immediately gathered in the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings from all directions.

A battle between two dragons was rare!

On the other side of the Longhu List, Peter, a freshman, had just arrived. He was puzzled when he saw so many people around the Longhu List. He suddenly saw the news that Xu Tui had challenged Dai Lijun.

Then, Peter grinned at the opponent who had challenged him today. “Let’s get a good spot to watch the battle between the two dragons first. After that, we’ll fight again, okay?”

“Okay!

The freshman who challenged Peter agreed without hesitation.

At the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, in the firearms training ground, Cui Xi, the second-year Tiger, who was half-naked and resisting the dense bullets, was startled by the voice coming from his earpiece.

“Xu Tui challenged Dai Lijun. The battle will begin in half an hour?

“Old Miao, save a seat for me. I’ll be there soon.”

The moment he replied, a barrage of bullets poured onto Cui Xi. However, there was an extremely faint, almost transparent, golden energy barrier in front of Cui Xi. When the bullets hit the energy shield, they only caused ripples. The energy shield showed no signs of breaking.

Cui Xi simply stopped moving and stood there, letting the bullets rain on him. Thousands of bullets landed on the light shield every second. The light barrier only showed a few ripples, but there were no signs of damage.

About a minute later, the light shield began to flicker frequently.

“Not bad. I’ve just mastered the Vajra Barrier, yet I can last for more than a minute under the barrage of bullets. Not bad. I’ll try an energy weapon another day.”

Before the Vajra Barrier collapsed, Cui Xi pressed the switch in his hand and stopped the barrage of bullets.

“Let’s go and watch the show! I wonder if I have a chance to fight today!”

…

At three o’clock, the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings was completely surrounded. The students furthest away had already used their binoculars. More and more students were rushing over.

“I won’t say much about the rules. Everyone knows that in a martial arts competition, survival comes first and victory comes second. Get in position.”

Qu Qingshan made it sound extremely simple.

In the next instant, Xu Tui and Dai Lijun went to their respective battle positions. They were ten feet apart.

“Actually, if you don’t send me a message today, I might also challenge you in a few days,” Dai Lijun took the initiative to say in the arena. My teacher said that you didn’t use your full strength in the last battle?” Xu Tui asked.

“Just a little.” Dai Lijun smiled.

“What about today?”

“I dare not not use my full strength!”

Xu Tui and Dai Lijun looked at each other and smiled. They nodded at Qu Qingshan at the same time, indicating that they were ready.

“The battle begins in five seconds.”

The countdown screen instantly appeared. The moment the countdown screen rose, everyone around the stage held their breaths and instantly entered an indescribable silence.

On the other side, in Zheng Shaohong’s office in the Supernatural Branch’s teaching building, Zheng Shaohong, the dean of the Supernatural Branch, was pacing around with a frown.

“Could it be that our Supernatural Branch is going to have nothing this time? No, I can’t drop the ball! Especially in the past few years, it has become more and more critical. I can’t drop the ball on the extra-terrestrial!”

After pondering for a long time, Zheng Shaohong seemed to have made up his mind. He suddenly dialed An Xiaoxue’s number.

“Xiaoxue, do you have time? I want to talk to you.”

“Director Zheng, I’m at Research Institute Number 14.”

“Alright, I’ll be right there.”

A minute later, Zheng Shaohong left the Supernatural Branch building and headed straight for the Genetic Research Institute.

Just as Zheng Shaohong arrived at the Genetic Research Institute and was received by An Xiaoxue in the Research Institute Number 14, the countdown screen between Xu Tui and Dai Lijun disappeared.

Almost at the same time, Dai Lijun took a step forward, and a circle of flames instantly exploded with him in the center. The entire Longhu List arena instantly turned into a sea of flames. Not only that, a three-headed fire snake instantly took shape in the sea of fire.

The extremely thick flame crystal armor quickly covered Dai Lijun’s body.

Attack and defense as one!

However, Xu Tui was not in the sea of fire. The moment the sea of fire spread out, Xu Tui had already stepped into the air.

A flaming whip appeared in Dai Lijun’s palm. Just as he was about to attack, Dai Lijun sensed something. He suddenly jumped away from the spot.

An earth spike suddenly appeared where he had just stood. Dai Lijun’s jump was like the trigger.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

Amidst the dense sounds of air being torn apart, spikes shot out from the ground one after another, causing Dai Lijun to jump around like a monkey. He looked rather pathetic. If he was not careful and got skewered, he would not die immediately, but that pain was definitely top-notch!

Below the stage, someone exclaimed.

Earth-type supernatural being! Why did Xu Tui have earth-type superpowers?

However, be it Dai Lijun, who had accepted the challenge, or the audience below the stage, they had no time to think about this problem. The pace of the battle was too fast!

After dodging seven or eight earth spikes in a row, Dai Lijun leaped up and stood in the air like Xu Tui. However, what he stepped on was a pillar of fire that extended from the ground. It was more than two meters above the ground. At this distance, it was impossible for the earth spikes to hurt him.

But just as Dai Lijun dodged the spikes and was about to attack, an indescribable sense of danger rose in his heart. After taking a look above his head, Dai Lijun suddenly leaped forward.

However, it was still too late!

In his mental perception, a small mountain with a radius of ten meters pressed down on Dai Lijun. Even if Dai Lijun had discovered it earlier, he still could not escape the suppression range of the Mountain Formula.

At the critical moment, Dai Lijun pulled out the fire whip in his hand. He continuously waved his hands, and more than ten pillars of flames instantly spewed out from the ground. More than ten pillars of flames sprayed onto the Mountain Formula that Xu Tui had conjured with his mind power.

The small mountain instantly collapsed.

However, Dai Lijun also fell to the ground.

Whoosh! The ear-piercing sound of a flying sword tearing through the air rang out.

Dai Lijun had already experienced the power of a flying sword that had surpassed the speed of sound. The moment the flying sword pierced through the air, the fallen Dai Lijun knew that he had no chance to dodge.

Xu Tui’s flying sword had already exceeded the speed of sound. He had just heard the sound of air being torn apart, but the flying sword should have already arrived.

In an instant, the fire crystal shield around Dai Lijun seemed to come alive. It flowed and flickered, constantly thickening. There was a flash of silver.

Xu Tui’s flying sword slammed into Dai Lijun’s chest.

Dai Lijun, who had already turned into a defensive stance, suddenly activated the red crystal on his ring. Six extremely thick, lotus-shaped crystal shields accurately appeared in front of Xu Tui’s flying sword.

The moment the flying sword struck, it closed!

This was what Dai Lijun had learned from Qi Sheng. Not only could this Lotus Shield defend, but it could also trap extremely lethal weapons like flying swords. It was very useful. The fire lotus crystal shield closed. Under the effect of his mind power, the fire-type supernatural energy fused seamlessly. It was like a seal that sealed Xu Tui’s flying sword.

A hint of joy finally appeared in the corner of Dai Lijun’s eyes. After sealing off Xu Tui’s flying sword, his lethality would be reduced by at least half.

However, the moment his joy appeared, Dai Lijun’s expression changed drastically.

Xu Tui’s flying sword started spinning at high speed. It was like an extremely sharp drill. The fire lotus crystal shield that he had just closed was instantly pierced through. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s flying sword spiraled into the flame crystal armor on his chest. The fire crystal armor that could block Xu Tui’s flying sword earlier was completely useless now.

Dai Lijun understood that it would only take an instant for Xu Tui’s flying sword to pierce through his fire crystal armor and head straight for his heart. As he frantically repaired and strengthened the flame crystal armor, Dai Lijun shouted three words without hesitation:

“I admit defeat!”

The mind power of the teacher on duty suddenly dropped.

Xu Tui retracted his mind power slightly.

One strike!

Victory!

The audience was in an uproar!