Chapter 405 - Thousand Miles Sword Technique (2)

Chapter 405: Thousand Miles Sword Technique (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was fortunate that Ah Huang’s human replica was not in front of Xu Tui. Otherwise, he would have looked at Ah Huang like he was looking at an idiot.@@novelbin@@

Apply for marriage for An Xiaoxue?

Xu Tui could only admire Ah Huang’s imagination. How bold!

“Feel free. I’m looking forward to it!”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Ah Huang, the newly promoted relationship expert.

“That’s not right. Shouldn’t you be very nervous and worried when you hear that you have a love rival? Why are you still looking forward to it?”

Xu Tui did not reply. This was because he did not want to argue with an artificial retard, lest he became retarded.

After greeting An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui drove directly to the training base of the Aerospace Combat Jet that was not far from the capital.

With Tian Suqing’s pass and password, he contacted the major on duty at the base and verified his identity multiple times. He was only allowed to enter the training base after he had registered himself.

Xu Tui was brought directly to the training base after he entered. He was accompanied by a second lieutenant.

To be honest, Xu Tui felt a little dizzy just looking at the equipment in the anti-dizziness training hall of the Aerospace Combat Jet Training Base.

The most basic large-turn roller, the advanced rotating spiral staircase, the 360-degree gyroscope, the multi-phase optic neural gyroscope, the 720-degree chaotic flight roller, and the 360-degree electronically-dizzy room.

The second lieutenant gave Xu Tui a general introduction and then asked Xu Tui to start from the beginning. After ten minutes, he did not feel anything.

He passed!

He lasted for ten minutes in the rotating spiral staircase and the 360-degree rotating gyroscope without feeling anything. He passed.

However, Xu Tui vomited after only two minutes of the multi-phase optic neural gyroscope.

“Mr. Xu, your foundation in resisting dizziness is actually quite good, but the method is wrong. When you encounter such a multi-phase optic neural scene, you can’t stare at a single point or resist it. Instead, you have to find a compatible point. Find a stable speed and let your optic nerves adapt. Then, with a certain amount of physical training, you will improve very quickly.” The second lieutenant was a good person. He started to guide Xu Tui.

Xu Tui readily agreed. They were professionals. There was nothing wrong with listening to their guidance. Two hours later, he passed the multi-phase optic neural gyroscope.

However, the 720-degree chaotic flight roller made Xu Tui want to die. He felt that his head and feet were not in the same spinning dimension. After more than ten rounds of training, he would vomit violently after three minutes of training.

Fortunately, he had a vomit bag. Otherwise, he would need to clean up himself. Even so, the smell was not pleasant.

“Take a break.” The second lieutenant handed Xu Tui a bottle of water. “This anti-dizziness training is not something that can be completed overnight. Your foundation is not bad. If you persist in training every day, you will definitely succeed in the end.”

“Comrade, how long do you think I need to train to reach this stage?”

“Train for more than two hours a day. I think you’ll definitely succeed in half a year,” the second lieutenant said.

“Half a year…”

Xu Tui took the bottle of water and took a sip. He slowly swallowed it to eliminate the discomfort in his stomach. This training time was not short, but it was not long compared to a powerful ability.

Xu Tui drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir to replenish his depleted energy. He slowly closed his eyes to rest and felt the recovery of his energy. During his break, he entered a meditative state out of habit, or rather, out of instinct. With a thought, he switched to the illusory introspective state.

Xu Tui scanned the area with his mind power. He was about to withdraw when he was suddenly stunned.

There was a blink! There were three gray genetic base points that were pulsating slightly. Every few seconds, a bit of energy would flow into them.

Xu Tui was stunned. Genetic base points that could resist dizziness? Wasn’t there no genetic base points that could resist dizziness? Aren’t they all relying on long-term training to increase their resistance to dizziness?

However, Xu Tui had only undergone anti-dizziness training since the morning. The only thing that he could stimulate was genetic base points related to this.

In the next moment, Xu Tui got up and once again entered the 720-degree chaotic flight roller. Three and a half minutes later, he hugged the vomit bag and vomited.

The second lieutenant looked at him with admiration! Putting everything else aside, just this determination was already very impressive.

Xu Tui spat out a mouthful of water. He did not even wipe the corner of his mouth before he entered meditation again. He immediately switched to the illusory introspective state.

In the illusory introspective state, the frequency of the three genetic base points and the amount of energy gathered increased. This once again proved that Xu Tui’s guess was correct.

These three genetic base points were genetic base points related to resisting dizziness. But why hadn’t anyone noticed?

A few minutes later, Xu Tui understood. This was related to the ability to resist dizziness. It was a direction of military training. Only training was carried out. Even if there were genetic newcomers who specialized in training in this area, very few people studied it.

It was normal that no one noticed.

These three genetic base points that were related to resisting dizziness were the head, cervical vertebra, and tailbone. The three of them were in a straight line.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and drank another bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. He began to develop the three Genetic Base Points according to Luo Shifeng’s method.

The method of development was actually very simple.

He focused on activating the dizziness-resistant genetic base point in his head for a minute. Then, his attention shifted to the genetic base point in his spine. Another minute passed. Then, he shifted his attention to the genetic base point in his tailbone. It was still a minute.