Chapter 404 - Thousand Miles Sword Technique (1)

Chapter 404: Thousand Miles Sword Technique (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Early in the morning of the 8th of December, Xu Tui rushed to the Research Institute Number 14 as usual and continued to conduct genetic mutation.

The genetic ability chain that mutated today was the water puppet.

When he first activated the genetic ability chain of the Water Puppet, he had three genetic base points that had been strengthened to Level 2 silver when he used the Origin Crystal to cultivate. It was extremely powerful.

Even Wang Ji, who was at the Genetic Evolution Realm, needed to use his energy field to break free after being restrained. He believed that after the genetic mutation, the water puppet’s ability would increase by about 30% according to his past experience.

After the Water Puppet’s abilities would increase by another 30% Xu Tui believed that the Water Puppet would be able to trap a genetic evolver like Wang Ji for a longer period of time and create an opportunity for him.

There were a total of seven genetic base points in the water puppet’s genetic ability chain. Xu Tui estimated that he would need more than 11 bottles of genetic mutation elixir. It would take him two and a half days.

He had to greet An Xiaoxue when he arrived at the Research Institute Number 14.

However, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue felt a little uncomfortable because of the aftereffects of their “match made in heaven” last night. They did not get along as well as they used to. Fortunately, everyone had their own things to do.

An Xiaoxue continued her research while Xu Tui continued his cultivation. The genetic mutation reached its upper limit after two and a half hours a day. He began to cultivate Spiral Force again after he finished absorbing the energy.

However, he did not split his mind power into two like he did a few days ago, then twisted them together and spiraled them toward the flying sword. The consequence of doing that was that Xu Tui would be knocked out on the spot. He would vomit on the spot if he persisted for too long. It felt as if he had been split into two and then sent spiraling into the sky like a rocket. This spiral caused Xu Tui to soar into the sky.

Xu Tui had been practicing Spiral Force for almost a month, but his progress was extremely slow. He fainted in the first second when he first started. Even now, he could not last more than five seconds. He made himself dizzy in five seconds.

If this was a real battle, it would not be Spiral Force, but a Suicide Force! Not to mention the advanced version of the three Spiral Forces combined into one, or even four or five.

At this rate, Xu Tui felt that he would not be able to master Spiral Force in a year.

According to Shang Long and Ji Qianli’s notes on cultivating the Thousand Miles Sword Technique, one also had talent in cultivating the Spiral Force.

Some people were naturally resistant to dizziness. There were also some people who might need a long period of training to adapt to the Spiral Force.

Xu Tui felt that he was not the kind of person who was naturally resistant to dizziness. He was the kind of person who needed a long period of training to adapt. However, he wanted to be faster. Yet, no matter how hard he racked his brains, he could not think of a way to quickly resist dizziness.

“Ah Huang, help me think. Is there a shortcut to resisting dizziness?” Xu Tui started chatting with Ah Huang out of boredom.

“There are no shortcuts to resisting dizziness. Only professional training can allow you to adapt to the dizziness brought about by this rapid rotation,” Ah Huang said.

“Professional training?”

Ah Huang’s answer suddenly made Xu Tui think of something.

“Ah Huang, all the pilots of the Aerospace Combat Jet and the pilots of the spacecraft should undergo anti-dizziness training, right?

“Help me check if there is such an air training base near the capital.” Xu Tui suddenly had a thought.

“Yes, and there’s more than one! However, based on my artificial intelligence, you won’t be able to enter,” Ah Huang concluded.

“Oh?”

The corners of Xu Tui’s lips curled up. He ignored Ah Huang and called Tian Suqing, the director of the Capital Special Intelligence Division. She picked up immediately.

“Director Tian, there’s something I need your help with,” Xu Tui said.

“Tell me. As long as it’s within my ability and the scope of the discipline, I’ll do it!” Tian Suqing did not waste her breath.@@novelbin@@

“I recently cultivated an ability that requires me to undergo extremely professional dizziness-resistant training. I know that there are a few very professional air training bases near the capital. Can you help me contact someone to train me?” Xu Tui asked.

“Xu Tui, the security level of these flying training bases is very high.” Tian Suqing did not refuse, but she did not agree either.

“That’s right. I know that I can’t enter by myself. That’s why I’m looking for your help.” Xu Tui had a look that said, “I’m looking for you anyway.”

“You only train to resist dizziness?” Tian Suqing asked.

“Yes. If possible, I want to go to the training of Aerospace Combat Jet Pilot, but my strength doesn’t allow it.”

Now that he was close to Tian Suqing, he spoke casually.

“If you’re only going to undergo anti-dizziness training, I’ll arrange it for you now. Our Special Intelligence Division also has a flying brigade and a special training base. When are you going?”

“Today!”

“Alright, I’ll get you an identification card immediately. I’ll send you the address later,” Tian Suqing said.

A few minutes later, Ah Huang was a little confused when it saw the information that Xu Tui had obtained on his communication device. He made a call and that was it.

“Look, it’s done! Ah Huang, you artificial retard!”

“Ah… Xu Tui, how dare you scold me? Do you believe that I will make a love rival for you?” Ah Huang was furious.

“A love rival?”

Xu Tui could not react in time.

“I’m going to seek a marriage for Xiaoxue. Do you believe that the people who propose will break the threshold of the Genetic Research Institute?” Ah Huang shouted.