Chapter 406 - Thousand Miles Sword Technique (3)

Chapter 406: Thousand Miles Sword Technique (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

If Xu Tui felt uncomfortable with the feedback from any of the genetic base points during the development process, it would mean that the development of genetic base points was dangerous.

He had to be slow and cautious! He even had to stop immediately.

What surprised Xu Tui was that he did not feel any discomfort during the development process of the three genetic base points.

According to Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng’s research and development theories, this kind of sensory feedback represented more than 99% safety during development. He could activate it without worry.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui first activated the dizzy-resistant genetic base point at his tailbone. Then, he climbed into the 720-degree chaotic flight roller again. This time, he lasted for five minutes before he crawled out again because he had nothing left to throw up!

The second lieutenant was very surprised. From three minutes to five minutes, although it only increased by two minutes, the increase was actually very huge.

After resting for a few minutes, Xu Tui attempted the Double Spiral Spiral Force.

Eight seconds. Xu Tui fainted. It looked like he had improved by three seconds, but in reality, this was very likely the result of the two to three hours of training today. It was not the result of activating genetic base points.

With the idea of testing, Xu Tui spent another half an hour activating the genetic base point located at his cervical spine that could resist dizziness.

This time, Xu Tui managed to hold on for eight minutes in the 720-degree chaotic flight roller. As long as he could last another two minutes, he would be able to pass.

The second lieutenant looked at Xu Tui as if he was a monster. The increase was too f*cking fast!

However, Xu Tui was very disappointed. After activating the Double Spiral Spiral Force, he only lasted eight seconds before he fainted.

There was only retching. He did not vomit because he had nothing left to throw up!

Reality proved that the two anti-dizziness genetic base points that he activated in succession were useless for his cultivation. On the other hand, the anti-dizziness training he had undergone previously had improved his abilities.

Once again, Xu Tui drank another two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and carefully activated the genetic base point that he had discovered in his head.

It took an hour to activate. The development of genetic base points, especially those that involved the head, had to be done slowly. He had to be extremely careful. Even if he did not have any bad feelings, he had to slow down to prevent the backlash from erupting in an instant.

To Xu Tui’s disappointment, no genetic ability chain was formed after the anti-dizziness genetic base point in his head was activated. It was possible that these three genetic base points were purely genetic base points related to physical fitness.

Next, Xu Tui began his test.

The results of the test were somewhat shocking!

Xu Tui endured for 12 minutes in the 720-degree chaotic flight roller before he walked straight out. According to the training rules, he passed!

What surprised Xu Tui even more was that he no longer fainted when he activated the Double Spiral Spiral Force. It seemed that his vision and head had already adapted to this spiral.

However, he felt dizzy again a minute after he started the triple spiral.

Xu Tui roughly understood.

Actually, this resistance to dizziness should be the genetic base points of the Extreme Branch. It was similar to the physical training he had previously undergone. However, he had not been able to find the right method.@@novelbin@@

However, according to the cultivation rules of the Extreme Branch, after a certain genetic base point was activated, one had to continue with the relevant training in order to maximize the abilities of the genetic base point.

It was just like how Xu Tui had to train for several days before he could activate the next reaction-type genetic base point.

Xu Tui believed that the triple-spiral force should not be a problem after continuous training and improvement. The most difficult part of the Spiral Force was finally resolved today.

Next, Xu Tui used the Spiral Force to exert force, coordinate, and control it slightly. This was not difficult for him, who had powerful mind power.

In that case, his focus could be placed on the Heart Sword Heart ability. As long as he mastered the Heart Sword Heart Eye, coupled with the Spiral Force and the mental chain, he would be able to master the Thousand Miles Sword Technique.

At the same time, the Heart Sword Heart Eye was also a prerequisite for cultivating the Dimensional Explosion.