Chapter 401 - Qiao Shi And Li Jin’S Big Failure (2)

Chapter 401: Qiao Shi and Li Jin’s Big Failure (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Auntie, this is the mask I brought for you. Remember to use it day and night. There were many demons in the capital, but there were even more old demons. You have to be careful that Uncle might be seduced by the old demon!” Cheng Mo laughed.

“How dare he!”

Zhang Xiuli glared at Xu Jianguo and took the gift with a smile.

Xu Tui, who had come over to welcome the guests, pointed at Cheng Mo and scolded him with a smile, “Mozi, why didn’t you bring me anything?”

“Hey, if you were getting married or something, I’ll bring it for you.”

Xu Tui suddenly noticed that An Xiaoxue, who had just entered the room, was a little nervous. He immediately reacted. His teacher did not have much experience in the ways of the world, so she should have forgotten to bring something. Initially, it did not matter. However, with Cheng Mo and Zhuang Ziqiang as a contrast, she felt a little awkward.

Xu Tui was just about to step forward to help her when his mother, Zhang Xiuli, stepped forward and grabbed An Xiaoxue’s hand.

“Xiaoxue, you’re here. Come, come, sit. I was afraid that you wouldn’t come. I’m so happy that you came.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was relieved. His mother would definitely be able to resolve this awkward situation. However, he still underestimated An Xiaoxue’s straightforwardness.

“This… Auntie… I didn’t know such customs, so I didn’t bring anything… I… I’ll make up for it next time.”

“Child, what are you saying! Who cares about these old customs? You being able to come is the greatest gift. If anyone dares to bring anything next time, I’ll just throw it out for them.”

…

They had an exceptionally warm meal. An Xiaoxue, who had a cold personality, felt very uncomfortable under Zhang Xiuli’s extremely enthusiastic attention.

Xu Jianguo opened two bottles of Maotai. Xu Tui and Cheng Mo still had classes the next day, so they only had a brief taste of the wine. Zhuang Ziqiang, on the other hand, had a good time with his father. This fellow had a high tolerance for alcohol. Xu Jianguo had fallen, but he was still eating with a flushed face!

On the other hand, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, was chatting with An Xiaoxue. As they spoke, they started talking about Xu Tui’s marriage.

“Sigh, Xiaoxue, let me tell you, I’m really worried about our family’s Improvement! He’s been in university for a year, but he doesn’t even have a girlfriend. I’m so anxious. The legal age of marriage in the country is 18 years old, but he hasn’t even held hands with a female classmate yet. You don’t know, but the children of his high school classmates are all running around!”

An Xiaoxue was speechless. She was at a loss for words. She was single too. Was she supposed to introduce a girlfriend to Xu Tui?

At the thought of this, An Xiaoxue felt an indescribable discomfort in her heart.

“Cheng Mo, you too! The two of you are not bad-looking either. Why can’t you find a girlfriend? If you don’t even have a girlfriend, how are you going to get married in the future?”

Cheng Mo, who was enjoying himself, was rendered speechless by the turn of targets.

Zhuang Ziqiang, who had been drinking with his father, Xu Jianguo, suddenly said, “I’m sitting here. Why do I feel that Miss An and Brother Xu are quite compatible? Really, Cheng Mo. Look, don’t they look good together? Aunt Xu, come and take a look if you don’t believe me.”

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were sitting side by side.

Xu Tui froze. An Xiaoxue was a little confused!

Zhang Xiuli, on the other hand, acted as if she was listening to the voice of an immortal. She hurriedly ran behind Zhuang Ziqiang and kept glancing at them.

“Eh, they really match. They look like a match made in heaven!”

…

A few minutes later, An Xiaoxue, who could not take it anymore, fled. Xu Tui followed her out. However, the atmosphere was a little awkward.

“Miss An, let me send you off!”

“No need!”

“I’d better send you off.”

“There’s really no need!”

“Alright, drive slowly on the road!”

…

“F*ck, Xu Tui, you and Xiaoxue are a pair of straight rulers. Can’t you insist on sending Xiaoxue off?” Ah Huang’s scolding came through the earpiece.

“I drank. I can’t drink and drive!”

Ah Huang was speechless.

“F*ck, can’t you walk?”

Ah Huang was about to go crazy. Ah Huang felt that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were the advanced artificial intelligence that did not understand emotions. He, Ah Huang, should be a true relationship expert!

…

Sing-Malaysia Sector, Lion City.

Li Jin did not speak immediately after Li Zifeng arrived. Instead, he sat on a rattan chair in the courtyard. He skillfully trimmed his cigar and lit it. The smoke began to rise.

It was obvious that Li Jin was not in a good mood. There has been a lot of bad news in the past two days.

“Director, the situation over there and their attitude have been made clear.”

“Tell me about it.”

“It has been confirmed that Lu Guanqing is not a spy. He was only entrusted by a friend to use illegal means to obtain personal biological information from the Bioinformatics Department. The impact is extremely bad.”

Hearing this, Li Jin sneered. “Lu Guanqing is quite honest. Since Lu Guanqing was not the spy, I’m the spy?”

“He didn’t insist on this matter either. After all, it’s only Lu Guanqing’s words.

“His words?”

Li Jin rubbed the space between his eyebrows in pain. Lu Guanqing had been arrested and even exposed him. He was in a terrible fix. Although he could not be dealt with, it also caused some of his competitors to become restless and activate their media outlets to attack him over this matter. He had no choice but to meet many people in the past two days to stabilize the situation.

However, he was still greatly affected!

Li Jin really hated him.

Lu Guanqing was simply a useless teammate! A student had actually discovered his tracks and exposed everything.

Calling him a pig was an insult to a pig!