Chapter 417 - Butterfly Flight

Chapter 417: Butterfly Flight

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Inside Zheng Shaohong’s office in the Supernatural Branch office building.

Zheng Shaohong frowned as he thought about something. Wen Shao sat opposite Zheng Shaohong with a worried expression.

“Teacher, at the end of the day, it’s because I made a mistake three months ago. I didn’t do well enough and didn’t get first place in the comprehensive assessment of the new students of the Mystery Branch. I lost first place in the teaching assessment. That’s why we’re in this predicament.”

Wen Shao felt terrible when he learned that his teacher had returned from the Research Institute Number 14 defeated.

“The teacher who led the team to the Extraterrestrial Research Institute this year is An Xiaoxue. This cannot be changed. I’ll get you a spot as a teaching assistant from other channels. However, there are no Origin Crystal rewards for this spot. You have to fight for everything else yourself,” Zheng Shaohong suddenly said.

Wen Shao was a little surprised. Before he could express his gratitude, Zheng Shaohong spoke again.

“If we don’t get a competitive spot this time, there might be a gap in the strength of our Supernatural Branch. Therefore, your mission this time is very important. You have to take this opportunity to improve. Also, you have to take good care of the specially recruited students,” Zheng Shaohong said.

“Teacher, don’t worry. I’ll definitely do my best. Moreover, the restrictions in the extra-terrestrial have decreased a lot. I can…”

Before he could finish speaking, Wen Shao suddenly realized that his teacher, Zheng Shaohong’s gaze had become very stern and even a little fierce. However, when Wen Shao looked over, the fierce aura eased.

The moment the ferocious aura eased, Zheng Shaohong suddenly let out a long sigh.

“Wen Shao, did you realize that we both did something wrong?”

“Something wrong?”

Wen Shao was a little confused. He thought about it and still shook his head.

“Actually, I only had this thought after I came back from the Research Institute Number 14 in the afternoon and sat here to reflect. Why must we go against the Research Institute Number 14 and Xu Tui? Actually, if you think about everything that happened in the past six months, you will realize that Xu Tui did not deliberately target us. There were some things that we targeted them first.@@novelbin@@

“As for the position of a first-year dragon, Xu Tui’s strength is there for all to see. If we can’t get it, it’s because our students are not strong enough.”

Wen Shao fell silent. Teacher Zheng Shaohong was telling the truth. But then again, wasn’t this kind of competition inevitable?

“The great leader of our Huaxia Sector said that we have to make our enemies less and have more friends. Why must we make Xu Tui our mortal enemy? I thought about it all afternoon. I realized that we had walked into a misconception and turned the competition into hostility!”

At this point, Zheng Shaohong sighed again. “Actually, it’s because our Supernatural Branch has been too smooth-sailing all these years. We’re a little too full of ourselves.”

Wen Shao was shocked by Zheng Shaohong’s words.

“Teacher, do you mean reconciliation?”

“Reconciliation?” Zheng Shaohong shook his head again. “There’s no need to do that. We’re not enemies to begin with! Your student and Xu Tui are also classmates. There was a natural consensus when they arrived in the extra-terrestrial.

“Do you understand what I mean?” Zheng Shaohong asked.

“Teacher, do you mean that it’s easier to enjoy the shade of a large tree if we have a strong backing? Are you asking Che Zhan and the others to follow Xu Tui and reap the benefits?” Wen Shao asked in confusion.

Zheng Shaohong was stunned. Then, he pointed at Wen Shao and scolded him jokingly, “Kid, you’re still too narrow-minded. None of that was important. Most importantly, why did we have to make your student an enemy of a genius like Xu Tui? Wouldn’t it be better to follow Xu Tui’s footsteps with him as an inspiration?

“One day, if Xu Tui’s progress was slightly slower, Wouldn’t it be fine if your student took advantage of the situation and surpassed him? In the Great Genetic Era, it was not just about starting points and talent. It was also about who could last longer and walk further!

“The real journey is on the road!” Zheng Shaohong said.

Wen Shao thought for a moment and nodded slowly. “Teacher, I understand!”

…

On the third day after he swept the Longhu Overall Rankings, Xu Tui made an appointment by phone early in the morning. He went to the School of Radiation Influence to meet Professor Song Zhenglin and stated his intentions.

“I’ve seen the recording of your battle with Lu Mingxiang. What do you think?” Song Zhenglin was not in a hurry to activate Spiritual Concealment and let Xu Tui learn Spiritual Concealment. Instead, he chatted with Xu Tui about his battle with Lu Mingxiang.

“Thoughts?” Xu Tui thought for a moment. “Senior Lu’s Spiritual Concealment is really powerful. She also has the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. I only wanted to continue learning the Spiritual Concealment and Spiritual Magnetic Marker after I fought with her.”

“Spiritual Magnetic Marker? I’m afraid you’ll be disappointed.” Song Zhenglin laughed.

“Why?”

“You’ll know when you learn.”

Xu Tui could not understand.

“I’m not asking you to praise Lu Mingxiang. In fact, Mingxiang is indeed an accomplished student of our School of Radiation Influence. What I’m asking is, did you notice any flaws in our School of Radiation Influence?”

“Flaws? You lack effective direct offensive and defensive methods,” Xu Tui blurted out.

Song Zhenglin let out a soft sigh.

“This is indeed the biggest problem our School of Radiation Influence is facing. This is also the fundamental reason why our School of Radiation Influence is in a position of support. It was also the reason why there were fewer and fewer students in our faculty. The fewer people there were, the fewer researchers there were. When there were fewer researchers, there would be fewer new discoveries. Even fewer people came to learn. We fell into a vicious cycle.”

At this point, Song Zhenglin looked at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, your previous research and invention of the reaction speed is enough to prove that you are a very intelligent student. Moreover, your mind power is very powerful. It’s also very fast for you to learn the ability of our School of Radiation Influence.

“I hope that if you have the time, you can think about the changes in the abilities of our School of Radiation Influence and even study them. If you could research and invent one or two superpowers of the School of Radiation Influence that had direct offensive and defensive means,

“You might be the genius who saved the School of Radiation Influence,” Song Zhenglin said as he looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui could not help but feel immense pressure when he heard that. There were so many legendary Kings of Control in the School of Radiation Influence. Did they still need Xu Tui to save them?

Wasn’t this a joke?

“Xu Tui, don’t feel pressured. In fact, I was just worried about the current situation of the School of Radiation Influence. The other departments had all kinds of new abilities. It had been almost 10 years since the School of Radiation Influence had a new ability. I had said this to many people just now, including Lu Mingxiang.

“It’s just a little anticipation. Don’t feel pressured. If you can really discover a new ability of the School of Radiation Influence one day, it will be worth it!” Song Zhenglin said.

Xu Tui finally understood.

“If I have the chance, I will!”

With Song Zhengming’s help, Xu Tui only used four days to find the Genetic Base Points of the Spiritual Concealment and Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

There were a little more genetic base points in Spiritual Concealment. There were 13 of them, but there were only five in the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. The ability of Spiritual Concealment had to be matched with Spiritual Radiation. Moreover, it required a certain level of intelligence gathering ability.

For example, Lu Mingxiang had used Spiritual Concealment on Xu Tui that day and used the illusions of An Xiaoxue and Zhang Xiuli to affect Xu Tui. The prerequisite was that Lu Mingxiang had to know about An Xiaoxue and Zhang Xiuli. She also had to be clear about the appearance and characteristics of these two people.

To be honest, Xu Tui finally realized how powerful Lu Mingxiang was. It was not difficult to collect ordinary information about An Xiaoxue. However, he was able to find ordinary information about his mother, Zhang Xiuli, in the ten minutes before the battle.

Although it was not difficult to gather information about her appearance, it could be seen that Lu Mingxiang was not simple.

What surprised Xu Tui the most was the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

Xu Tui managed to activate all five genetic base points of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker within a day. He had obtained the Spiritual Magnetic Marker ability. He could place a Spiritual Magnetic Marker in the target’s body with just a little bit of Spiritual Resonance.

Under the current circumstances, the Spiritual Magnetic Marker could last for three days. Moreover, he could sense it no matter how far they were. However, the further the distance, the worse the tracking effect of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. He could only determine a general direction 100 kilometers away.

However, the problem was that Xu Tui did not learn the Spiritual Magnetic Marker to track the target. Instead, he wanted to learn Lu Mingxiang’s ability to fly at high speed in the arena.

That ability was too practical. If Xu Tui had learned this ability, he would have been able to pull away from Yan Lie in an instant during his battle with him that day and escape danger.

With Xu Tui’s current combat radius, distance was a huge strategic advantage. If he could widen the distance by more than a hundred meters, his flying swords, earth spikes, and Mountain Formula could all bombard the enemy. Even if Yan Lie came again, he would have to kneel on the spot!

However, he did not have the ability to fly horizontally even though he had learned the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. This made Xu Tui very puzzled.

Xu Tui went to look for Song Zhenglin again.

“I told you a long time ago that the Spiritual Magnetic Marker would disappoint you.”

“Why? Senior Lu said that her ability is the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.” Xu Tui had a puzzled expression.

“The Spiritual Magnetic Marker is only the foundation. In fact, the Butterfly Flight is an advanced way of using the Spiritual Magnetic Marker that Mingxiang invented,” Song Zhenglin said.

“Senior Lu invented it herself?” Xu Tui finally understood. No wonder Song Zhengming had said that he would be disappointed.

“By the way, Professor Song, did Senior Lu report this ability to the Genetic Committee?” Xu Tui asked.

If this ability was reported to the Genetic Committee, Xu Tui would be able to pay a certain price to obtain information and learn it through other channels.

“No.” Song Zhenglin shook his head. “The threshold for learning is relatively high. Not everyone can learn the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. Moreover, Mingziang had her own ideas. Students who were not from the School of Radiation Influence would not be taught. There’s nothing I can do about that.”

“I see…”

Xu Tui looked disappointed.

“Actually, the principle behind Mingxiang’s Butterfly Flight is very simple. I can reveal a thing or two to you. As for whether you can figure it out on your own, that will depend on your own comprehension,” Song Zhenglin said.

“It’s to use the Spiritual Magnetic Marker as a stake and set up a stake in advance. With mind power as the guide, butterflies will fly everywhere!”