Chapter 416 - Assessment Of Strength

Chapter 416: Assessment of Strength

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Three earth spikes pierced Yan Lie’s lungs, heart, and abdomen at the same time. Because of Yan Lie’s energy field defense, it did not penetrate completely. But it looked very terrifying. Especially the spike in his heart. It looked extremely lethal. It had most likely penetrated his heart.

The emergency medical team on standby was only shocked for a moment before they rushed onto the arena.

In the past, when Yan Lie fought with others in the Longhu List, those who needed emergency treatment for fatal injuries were usually Yan Lie’s opponents. He did not expect that this time, it would be Yan Lie.

“Xu Tui, maintain the earth spike for another minute. Don’t let the earth spike scatter. We need to determine if the earth spike has penetrated the heart.” The emergency medical team roared.

“It didn’t penetrate the heart, but the heart was still pierced. There are injuries, about two centimeters. The bleeding has been sealed by me.”

Yan Lie, who was stabbed by the earth spike, was very calm. He did not struggle at all. Instead, he told the doctors in the emergency medical team about his injuries.

“There’s some trouble with my lungs. I happened to injure my lungs… my arteries.” As he spoke, Yan Lie’s breath trembled and blood flowed from the corner of his mouth.

“A pulmonary artery was injured. Okay, don’t move. We’ll deal with it immediately.”

The doctor was very professional. All kinds of corresponding instruments were carried onto the arena. Qu Qingshan, who was the referee on duty, also came over to help. At that time, he would use his mind power to stop the bleeding and even treat Yan Lie.

“The strength of your mental whip was different the two times?” Yan Lie, who had allowed the doctor to do whatever he wanted to him and was even stabbed by the needle, asked Xu Tui calmly.

“It’s indeed different.” Xu Tui admitted this very generously.

“Did you hold back? Or did you deliberately dig a hole for me to jump?”

“It’s considered a small pit. However, the most important thing is that the mental whip the second time consumed a lot of mind power, so I didn’t use it immediately.”

Xu Tui was not patronizing Yan Lie. He was telling the truth. He could only inject 5% of his mind power into the mental whip at most. According to the data, he could at most use the mental whip twice in his full output state. However, the consumption was not calculated that way.

As long as Xu Tui used his mind power, his mind power would be depleted. There was also the ability of the School of General Senses, which consumed a lot of mind power. In any case, his mind power had already fallen below 50% after these few battles, especially after his battle with Yan Lie.

Xu Tui’s ability to sustain his attacks would be greatly reduced if he were to use his full-powered mental whip right from the start. The consumption of 5% of his mind power at once was very fast.

“Understood. I did not lose unjustly.”@@novelbin@@

“Your Phantom Avatars and the ability to make afterimages disappear are also very powerful. I panicked and I almost lost.”

“It’s a product of the combination of certain abilities of the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch. It has a supernatural nature. To be honest, your mental perception is the strongest I’ve ever seen.”

“Speak less. Do you want to die?” The doctor reprimanded Yan Lie.

No matter how heroic you were, you were still a f*cking grandson in front of a doctor after being injured.

Yan Lie immediately shut his mouth obediently. In the next moment, Yan Lie groaned continuously as he was pulled out of the earth spike by the doctor. Blood splattered everywhere. But it was only for a moment.

“We’ll fight again when we have the chance.” Before Yan Lie was carried down, he struggled and shouted at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui nodded and slowly stood up. At this moment, he gasped.

It hurts!

In the intense battle with Yan Lie just now, Yan Lie’s attack frequency was extremely fast. It could be said that his blade was like a phantom.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Shield and mental shield protected his vital points. As for the others, they relied on his super reflexes to dodge. Those who could not avoid it could only be stabbed or reduced in damage.

Xu Tui was stabbed more than ten times. His combat uniform had become tattered. What shocked him the most was the slash on his inner thigh. His skin and flesh rolled.

Yan Lie was really ruthless.

If Xu Tui had not reacted in time, he would have been stabbed in the lower half of his body. He would have been traumatized for the rest of his life.

“Most of your injuries are external. You can just treat them in the emergency room later,” the doctor from the emergency team instructed Xu Tui.

“Alright. Thank you.”

Xu Tui began to limp down the Longhu List arena. However, both inside and outside the arena, including the live broadcast on the Internet, had gone crazy!

[Flying Sword Man is amazing!]

[Yin energy surged from the spear in his pants.]

[The force of the spear was extremely powerful.]

…

All kinds of indecent comments flooded the Internet.

Xu Tui felt helpless. Coincidence, pure coincidence!

“How is it? Does it feel good? Do you want to continue?” Below the stage, Cui Xi looked at Xu Tui, who was limping, with a smile. He looked very pleased.

“Awesome! It almost affected the rest of my life!”

Xu Tui shook his head as he spoke. Although he was teasing Cui Xi, he felt that Cui Xi’s recommendation was worth it.

Yan Lie, whom Cui Xi had recommended, had really given Xu Tui a lot of experience points. This kind of battle rhythm was completely different from when he was fighting against a supernatural-type.

Once Yan Lie got close, it would become extremely dangerous. Yan Lie had magnified the weakness of the Mystery Branch. He had to create a Vajra Barrier! Also, he had to try not to let the enemy get close.

“Do you want me to take you to the hospital?”

“Am I that weak?”

“When will you use your mental whip to whip me?”

“You want me to whip you?”

“Don’t make it sound so dirty. I just want to train my endurance against mental attacks.”

“It’s quite taxing on my mind power. I can’t whip you for nothing, right?” Xu Tui joked.

“I’m looking for a whip to whip me, yet I have to pay a price!”

“Haha, I’m just joking. Come to this training room at 4:30 p.m. every day and I’ll whip you. It should only take a few seconds. It won’t affect my cultivation,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Alright, call me if you need anything.”

Cui Xi did not say anything. He had remembered this favor.

“By the way, Brother Cui, how many rankings do you think I can get if I continue to challenge the rankings? Can I get into the top 40?” Xu Tui asked Cui Xi.

Xu Tui was very pragmatic, so he asked Cui Xi this question. He would be able to obtain two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days if he made it into the top 40 of the Longhu Overall Rankings. He could get another 500,000 yuan a month.

500,000!

So Xu Tui had to ask.

“Top forty?” Cui Xi shook his head. “The top 40 is extremely difficult. Most of the people in the top 40 of the Longhu Overall Rankings had already surpassed Level S genetic mutants. They were still polishing their combat systems. Or they could cultivate day and night to find an opportunity for genetic evolution.

“Basically, all of them were peak-level genetic mutants. With your current strength, it was basically impossible for you to enter the top 40. Yan Lie alone could force you to the edge of life and death, not to mention the top 40.

“Even if you want to reach the 50th to the 59th place, you’ll probably have to risk your life to get it back,” Cui Xi said.

Xu Tui nodded. Cui Xi made sense. It was already a little dangerous to defeat Yan Lie. The 58th and 57th places might be similar to Yan Lie’s strength, but the 50th place on the Longhu List definitely had the strength to defeat Yan Lie.

As for the top 40 of the Longhu Overall Rankings, it was impossible for them to risk their lives. Therefore, Xu Tui gave up on the idea of challenging them in a few days. Next time, he would only challenge it again if he managed to get into the top 40 in one try or if he wanted to train himself.

“By the way, Brother Cui, give me an evaluation of the ability I displayed today. Don’t give me good reviews. I want to hear about the flaws and problems.”

The onlooker sees the bigger picture.

Cui Xi was the second-year tiger and an extreme-type. He had trained himself through actual combat all year round, so he had a sharp eye.

“Flaws and problems?” Cui Xi thought for a moment. “Xu Tui, the abilities you displayed today are very strong. Whether it was the flying sword or the abilities of the School of General Senses. These two types of abilities were top-notch combat power if they were used on a single person. However, even though you have two powerful combat powers, you did not combine them. Or rather, your various genetic abilities had yet to form a combat system.

“At the very least, in the battle just now, your flying sword and the ability of the School of General Senses were fighting alone without any coordination,” Cui Xi said.

“If it can cooperate, most people, including me, will probably be killed by your sword.”

Xu Tui fell into deep thought when he heard that. “Cooperate? Are you saying that I can affect the opponent’s trajectory through an attack of the School of General Senses? Force them into the attack area of the flying sword?”

This time, it was Cui Xi’s turn to be stunned. He gave Xu Tui a thumbs up. Xu Tui’s comprehension ability was quite high.

…..

Inside Research Institute 14.

An Xiaoxue poured a glass of water for Zheng Shaohong, the head of the Supernatural Branch.

An Xiaoxue usually only drank plain water, so there were no tea leaves in the Research Institute Number 14.

“Xiaoxue, the Extraterrestrial Research Program is about to begin. Xu Tui definitely has to go on behalf of the School of Enlightened Mind. However, the School of Enlightened Mind has two spots for the competition this year.”

Zheng Shaohong understood An Xiaoxue’s personality, so he did not beat around the bush and directly asked, “Can we discuss the other spot?”

“No!”

Zheng Shaohong had just picked up his cup when he was choked by An Xiaoxue’s words.

“Xiaoxue, the rewards are precious. We can’t waste them. How about this? You have two recommendation spots here. I’ll use two recommendation spots to exchange for a competitor reward spot from you. How about that? In addition, we can also cooperate with the School of Enlightened Mind. Other than that, I can also…”

“Director Zheng, there’s no need to say anything. There’s already a candidate for the other spot. It won’t be wasted.”

An Xiaoxue rejected him directly.

“Xiaoxue…”

“Director Zheng, you actually know very well that it’s impossible. You didn’t give us a single spot when your Supernatural Branch took two spots.”

“There are many people in the Supernatural Branch.”

“So it’s our fault that there are so few people in the School of Enlightened Mind, that no one is left to take care of us in the Blue Star and Extra-terrestrial?” An Xiaoxue shouted. “I’m sorry. I won’t see you off.”

An Xiaoxue had a cold personality and did not like to argue with others. After knowing Zheng Shaohong’s intentions, she immediately chased him away.

Zheng Shaohong’s expression changed. He also knew An Xiaoxue’s personality. He knew that there was no room for negotiation.

Zheng Shaohong slowly stood up and said with an ugly expression, “Xiaoxue, as long as we don’t reach the final moment, we might still be able to pull Xu Tui down from his position as a first-year dragon.”

“Finding someone to severely injure him on the Longhu Overall Rankings? This method is not new. Do as you please. Our school’s Longhu Overall Rankings have rules.” An Xiaoxue was very unyielding.

“Xiaoxue, I’m here to exchange for a spot. Why do you have to fall out with me?”

“Didn’t we fall out already?”

Zheng Shaohong’s face darkened. He stood up silently and turned to leave.

“This is your choice.” With that, Zheng Shaohong turned around and left. The furious Zheng Shaohong had already started to choose his candidates.

“Director Zheng, I forgot to tell you that Xu Tui has just defeated Yan Lie and is ranked 59th on the Longhu Overall Rankings!” An Xiaoxue’s voice suddenly rang out.

Zheng Shaohong’s body trembled slightly. He immediately flipped through the information. In the next moment, a bitter smile appeared on his face.

As expected, Xu Tui was ranked 59th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. There was even less power he could use in this ranking. He could make the second-year dragon, Dai Lijun, do something against his will, but a third-year or fourth-year genius was not someone he could order around with just a word.

He was ranked 59th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Was Xu Tu that strong?