Chapter 410 - King Of Control (1)

Chapter 410: King of Control (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

First-year Dragon, second-year Dragon, third-year Dragon, and Huaxia Dragon. These four titles had extremely distinct levels. In the tradition of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Dragon of Huaxia was definitely the strongest person in the history and experience of all the teachers and students.

A third-year dragon was stronger than a second-year dragon. A second-year dragon was definitely stronger than a first-year dragon.

This was determined by the cultivation time.

All genetic newcomers had to be injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir when they graduated from their third year of high school before they could begin their path of cultivation.

Even if some parents would deliberately train their students in certain aspects during the primary and secondary school stages, it would only allow them to activate more genetic base points when they were injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

However, no matter what, the start time of his cultivation was the same.

At the same time, a second-year dragon has an entire year longer than a first-year dragon to cultivate. This was no longer a time span that his talent could cross. Especially in the cultivation of genetic newcomers, the first three years were also a period of rapid improvement.

A year of cultivation was enough for a second-year dragon to defeat a first-year dragon. This had never happened in the history of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Even Shang Long and Cai Shaochu, the two planetary-level powerhouses who had graduated from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, had not been able to create a situation where a first-year dragon suppressed a second-year dragon in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Moreover, Xu Tui had forced the second-year student, Dai Lijun, to admit defeat on the spot.

For a proud person like Dai Lijun, he would fight to the death as long as there was a chance of victory and a chance of survival. How could he admit defeat on the spot?

There was only one possibility for Dai Lijun to admit defeat on the spot.

If he continued fighting, he would die! He would definitely die! Even the teacher on duty might not be able to save him.

That was why he admitted defeat.

In fact, the associate professor on duty in the Supernatural Branch was also covered in cold sweat. In that situation just now, unless he intervened in the battle early, he really did not have the chance to save Dai Lijun.

Once Xu Tui’s flying sword spiraled into Dai Lijun’s heart, his heart would be crushed. Even if there was a medical team on standby at the scene, the chances of him being saved were slim.

“Oh, f*ck!” After a while, Cui Xi, the second-year Tiger who was watching the battle, exclaimed.

Xie Yan, Miao Huanshan, Yan Xuejin, and the other second-year elites were also shocked.

Tao Guan gripped his longbow and bit his lip. In the past few months, he had been training hard. His improvement was huge. He wanted to get back at Xu Tui.

It was not to win. It was an obsession! He just needed to defeat Xu Tui once. It was also because his strength had increased after his recent training that his confidence in defeating Xu Tui had increased. He also planned to challenge Xu Tui after he mutated another ability.

But today, Tao Guan suddenly realized that he had no chance. He did not know how long he could last under Xu Tui’s hands.@@novelbin@@

However, Tao Guan did not despair. He still had a chance! His major in the Extreme Branch was a bow. Its strength lay in its range. It was the nemesis of the Mystery Branch. As long as he continued to strengthen his long-range abilities, he still had a chance of defeating Xu Tui in the future.

Tao Guan firmly believed in this.

“F*ck, how did Xu Tui’s strength increase so quickly?” Zhang Changtai’s face turned pale. “Brother Cui, he killed Dai Lijun until he admitted defeat.

I’m afraid you…”

“If I were to use Dai Lijun as a reference, I would indeed not be able to defeat Xu Tui. However, I must fight Xu Tui! Victory is experience. Failure is the foundation that leads to strength!”

As he spoke, battle intent surged in Cui Xi’s eyes.

“Brother, challenge me next. I want to fight you!” Cui Xi shouted at Xu Tui.

Cui Xi was now ranked 69th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. He had barely entered the 70th place. It seemed that he wanted to obtain the rewards from the Longhu Overall Rankings. However, even if Xu Tui defeated Dai Lijun, he still could not challenge Cui Xi. He could only challenge those who were ranked 10 places higher than him.

“Brother Cui, get ready. I’ll challenge you after I fight two more rounds.” Xu Tui grinned at Cui Xi.

“Alright, I’ll wait for you!”

Xu Tui’s words would have been regarded by the students as a role model for bragging if it had been before today’s battle.

He wanted to cross more than 20 ranks and win two matches in a row? This was the Longhu Overall Rankings of the top Genetic Evolution College in Huaxia Sector! Whoever said that was purely bragging!

However, at this moment, everyone only had one thought in their minds. Xu Tui had managed to turn the tables around just by suppressing the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun, and forcing him to admit defeat.

Dai Lijun slowly stood up. The sea of flames disappeared, and so did the flame crystal armor.

Dai Lijun looked at Xu Tui with a complicated gaze.

“Your growth speed has completely exceeded my expectations. It’s even faster than the growth rate of many people when they were studying in the extraterrestrial.”

“I cultivate very hard,” Xu Tui said.

“Very hard?” Dai Lijun suddenly pointed at the Longhu List and laughed. “If you don’t even have the words ‘cultivate hard’, you definitely won’t be able to get on the Longhu Overall Rankings! I admit defeat in this battle! However, you have to be careful! I will definitely use the craziest cultivation posture to chase after you and overtake you. Next time, I will take the initiative to challenge you!”

“I look forward to it!”

After saying this, Dai Lijun jumped off the arena.

How should he put it? Xu Tui had rather complicated feelings towards Dai Lijun.