Chapter 418 - The Secret Of Butterfly Flight

Chapter 418: The Secret of Butterfly Flight

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Professor Song Zhenglin had already explained the requirements for Lu Mingxiang to teach the Butterfly Flight Technique. She would not teach students who are not in the School of Radiation Influence.

So Xu Tui did not contact Lu Mingxiang again. He could not force her.

Instead, he turned to study and think. If Lu Mingxiang was able to figure it out, Xu Tui felt that he should be able to do it too.

Professor Song Zhenglin had even explained the basic principles of the Butterfly Flight to Xu Tui. Of course, Xu Tui had to remember this favor. He had to return the favor when he had the chance.

Xu Tui was also very smart. Since he knew the principle of Butterfly Flight, it would not be difficult for him to come up with a way to implement it.

There should be another prerequisite ability—mental perception. It had to be a large-scale mental perception. Otherwise, if the range of the rapid teleportation was too small, Butterfly Flight would be meaningless.

During Xu Tui’s research, he realized that although the ability of mental perception did not seem like much, it was very important. It was the prerequisite or entry requirement for many abilities. Unfortunately, up until now, Blue Star had not made a major breakthrough in their research of the genetic ability chain of mental perception.

It was either using the Genetic Liberation Elixir to activate the talent, or by luck, or using the current method to slowly research it. After three to five years, it might be activated. Or perhaps only a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert could activate it through a special method.

It was mainly because one could not train it without mental perception. There was no specific genetic base point positioning method, nor was there a genetic base point training method, so there was no fast activation method.@@novelbin@@

If someone could invent a method to quickly activate the Genetic Ability Chain of mental perception, then the strength of the entire Blue Star Mystery Branch, or even the entire Blue Star genetic newcomers, would increase by a large level.

He would place the Spiritual Magnetic Marker on the ground in advance. During battle, he would directly use his mind power to contact the Spiritual Magnetic Marker that he had set up in advance.

He used his mind power to conjure a rope that was connected to the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. He exerted strength and could quickly fly over.

It would then be the Butterfly Flight.

However, Xu Tui immediately noticed a problem. It was very slow to rely on his mind power to exert force. It was a little like climbing a rope. He could not fly as fast as Lu Mingxiang.

According to Song Zhengping’s theory, this was very simple. However, Xu Tui discovered more and more problems after studying it for a long time.

The first problem was that the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was not strong enough. The Spiritual Magnetic Marker could indeed be formed if it was inserted into the ground or other objects. However, the trees and rocks on the ground were not carriers of mind power.

Through the mind power magnetic field, one could leave a Spiritual Magnetic Marker on it and form a mental magnetic pillar to guide it. However, it was not strong enough. The mental magnetic pillar shattered as soon as it was pulled.

The second problem was that he was not fast enough.

Xu Tui spent five minutes using his mind power to continuously strengthen a sufficiently strong mental magnetic pillar. The mental magnetic pillars were not strong enough. It could withstand the pull of the mental rope.

But Xu Tui was not fast enough. Even though he had taken the initiative to jump out and had fully activated his mind power, his speed was not even half of Lu Mingxiang. Moreover, he could only fly for about ten meters before falling. He was completely unable to fly 30 meters like Lu Mingxiang.

This was probably because it was easy to watch others do it. He knew it at first glance, but he was stunned after practicing it!

Xu Tui practiced for three to four days and solved the second problem. It was definitely not fast if he relied purely on the traction force.

However, during the pulling process, Xu Tui used his mind power to apply a push to himself. At the same time, it was a little like stepping on thin air. He would materialize a mental support board every 10 to 15 meters while he was flying.

It did not matter if he used his arms or his mind power to support himself. It would allow Xu Tui to fly smoothly or even change directions. He could even accelerate slightly. It looked complicated and required more than three steps. However, it was still very fast after he mastered it.

After a few days of practice, Xu Tui felt that his speed of Butterfly Flight had already surpassed Lu Mingxiang. It was even more agile.

During the flight, he could even make an S-shaped evasive maneuver. This should be related to the total amount of mental strength, power and the total amount of mind power.

However, Xu Tui’s level flight was established before every level flight. He needed to spend at least three to five minutes to continuously condense and strengthen the mental magnetic pillar before he could achieve that.

He had watched the recording of his battle with Lu Mingxiang more than a dozen times. He did not notice anything amiss.

After Lu Mingxiang stepped onto the Longhu List’ stage, she only walked from one side of the stage to the other. The entire process did not take more than a minute, and she did not stop at all.

In other words, Lu Mingxiang had completed the arrangement of three to five mental magnetic pillars after walking one round.

However, Xu Tui needed three to five minutes to set up one mental magnetic pillar. There was no actual combat value at all.

Moreover, the mental magnetic pillar that Xu Tui had strengthened layer by layer would not be able to be preserved for long. Moreover, for people with mind power, they would be as conspicuous as a lighthouse once they entered the range.

As soon as he entered the arena, he could sense the strong mental magnetic field fluctuations emitted by the strengthened mental magnetic pillar even without any mental perception.

No matter what the situation was, the enemy would discover or even target them in advance.

It was useless!

It was useless if he could not solve this problem. For a moment, Xu Tui thought of asking Lu Mingxiang in person. He thought about it and dismissed the idea.

After a few days of research, Xu Tui had discovered that the real secret behind Lu Mingxiang’s Butterfly Flight should be within the rapidly condensing mental magnetic pillar.

The other principles were not difficult. Even without Song Zhenglin’s guidance, he would have been able to deduce it after studying the battle recording. It would just take a little more time.

The difficulty lay in quickly condensing the mental magnetic pillar.

Xu Tui arrived at Research Institute No. 14 with this question in his mind. His teacher was there to clear his doubts. Of course, it was mainly because he felt that the Butterfly Flight was too suitable for him. It was very useful to him.

Regardless of whether it was a martial arts competition, a battle, or even killing an enemy, the Butterfly Flight allowed Xu Tui to quickly dodge close-range attacks and maintain a certain strategic distance from the enemy.

As long as he had a certain strategic distance from the enemy, Xu Tui’s flying sword, the Stab Formula, and the Mountain Formula could unleash their greatest power.

Xu Tui first asked An Xiaoxue to watch the video of his battle with Lu Mingxiang in the Research Institute Number 14. Then, he directly said that he was studying the Butterfly Flight, but he encountered a problem with the strength of the mental magnetic pillar.

“This Butterfly Flight ability is indeed quite suitable for you. To be honest, if I hadn’t mastered Dimensional Explosion, I would have wanted to learn this ability.”

Clearly, An Xiaoxue approved of this ability.

“The mental magnetic pillar that you casually condensed is not strong enough. It will shatter if you pull it. Could it be because your mental magnetic pillar ability did not mutate? What if the Mental magnetic pillar’s ability mutates?” An Xiaoxue suggested.

“Miss An, I’ve thought of that. Yesterday, I mutated the Spiritual Magnetic Marker’s ability with a genetic mutation elixir. It was a very good mutation with an ability chain of five genetic base points. After mutating the Spiritual Magnetic Marker, the strength of the Mental Magnetic Pillar that I condensed had indeed increased. But it’s still not enough. It still can’t withstand the traction force,” Xu Tui said with a bitter smile.

“Is that so? Could it be that Lu Mingxiang has strengthened a certain genetic base point of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker to level two?”

“That’s a possibility.”

At the same time that Xu Tui nodded, An Xiaoxue shook her head. “It’s already difficult for ordinary genetic cultivators to cultivate the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. It’s even more difficult to strengthen it and develop it further.

“Moreover, according to your demonstration, if it’s a problem in this aspect, Lu Mingxiang’s attainments in the Spiritual Magnetic Marker must be much higher than yours. It was obviously not.”

Xu Tui nodded. An Xiaoxue’s analysis made sense.

“There are only three factors that affect the strength of the Mental Magnetic Pillar: the strength of one’s mind power, the degree of development of one’s genetic ability, and external objects. Although you are in your first year and Lu Mingxiang is in her fourth year, you have already completed your 72-point Genetic Chain. Even if your mind power did not surpass Lu Mingxiang, it would not be weaker than hers.

“Genetic ability chain development has been eliminated. Then the only possibility left is an external object,” An Xiaoxue suddenly analyzed.

“External objects?”

“Yes!” An Xiaoxue nodded. “We can just analyze it.”

“Ah Huang, pull up the original video of the battle between Xu Tui and Lu Mingxiang. Then, enlarge all the images by ten times, a hundred times, and analyze them. See if there are any external items,” An Xiaopuan instructed.

“Okay, Xiaoxue. It takes a minute to zoom in ten times and it takes about fifteen minutes to zoom in a hundred times.”

As a super quantum computer, Ah Huang’s computing power was still very amazing. Within a minute, Ah Huang gave the results.

“Xiaoxue, I’ve discovered that Lu Mingxiang has scattered about six unknown substances during her walk around the arena. This unknown substance is transparent and very small. Even after being magnified ten times, it is only as thick as a strand of hair.”

“Increase the analysis structure by a hundred times or a thousand times and see if you can analyze what substance it is. Let’s compare the landing point of the substance in the arena and see if it has anything to do with Lu Mingxiang’s Butterfly Flight.”

“The clarity of the original image is limited. It can only be magnified a hundred times at most. With the current information, it is impossible to analyze the structure and type of the substance. On the arena, Lu Mingxiang used Butterfly Flight three times in total. The landing point after each flight was within a meter of the landing point of this special substance. We can basically confirm that this transparent special substance is highly related to the Butterfly Flight that Lu Mingxiang used,” Ah Huang analyzed.

Xu Tui thought to himself that Lu Mingxiang’s Butterfly Flight indeed had a secret. She had actually succeeded with the help of an external object. However, what exactly was this external object?

Ah Huang could not analyze it. He had no choice.

An Xiaoxue looked at the analysis data given by Ah Huang. Her slightly furrowed brows suddenly relaxed, and a smile appeared on her lips.

“I know what this is. It should be a substance that is extremely compatible with mind power and can be used as a carrier for the Mental Magnetic Pillar.”