Chapter 413 - Spiritual Magnetic Marker And Suppression

Chapter 413: Spiritual Magnetic Marker and Suppression

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“The Spiritual Magnetic Marker of our School of Radiation Influence.”

Lu Mingxiang did not hide the answer to Xu Tui’s question.

“Understood. Thank you.”

“Don’t be so ruthless next time. I’m a crowd controller. If I didn’t have any life-saving methods, I would have been pierced through by you.” Before Lu Mingxiang left the stage, she said those words. She still had some resentment towards the danger from before.

Xu Tui could only smile helplessly. She was a petty senior. Would he dare to not use his full strength on the Longhu List? In fact, he had already held back. If he had used his flying sword from the start, he should have been able to kill Lu Mingxiang on the spot with the help of the water puppet.

However, this was a school. This was the Longhu List arena. She was his senior. He had to control his killing intent.

Professor Song Zhenglin had mentioned the Spiritual Magnetic Marker of the School of Radiation Influence to Xu Tui a few days ago when he was learning about other abilities from Professor Song Zhenglin.

The main function of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was to silently plant a Spiritual Magnetic Marker on the target through the spiritual resonance of the mind power magnetic field. It was suitable for tracking and locating enemies. During the battles in special environments, it could also be used to distinguish between friend and foe in a chaotic battle.

Overall, it was an auxiliary ability.

Xu Tui did not have a deep understanding of it back then because it was mainly about tracking and positioning, so he did not learn it.

However, after his battle with Lu Mingxiang today, Xu Tui realized that the Spiritual Magnetic Marker had such an effect. Now that he thought about it, Lu Mingxiang’s Spiritual Magnetic Marker had already covered two-thirds of the Longhu Overall Rankings arena when she flew away three times.

The shortest one had a distance of twenty meters. The longest was more than 30 meters.

And it was fast.

Before he had the ability to quickly dodge and fly, this was definitely a very awesome ability to avoid danger.

Xu Tui suddenly became interested. He wanted to learn this. He would take the time to meet Professor Song Zhenglin again in the next few days and learn about Spiritual Concealment and Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

The effect of Spiritual Concealment was too shocking. It had to be known that Xu Tui’s mind power was extremely powerful. There was also his mind power domain. Even so, Lu Mingxiang was able to affect Xu Tui without him noticing.

What if she targeted others? The effect would probably be stronger, right? In a group battle, everyone would be affected by Lu Mingxiang’s Spiritual Concealment. She only needed to disrupt the target for half a second and she might create a chance of victory.

That was how the King of Control of the School of Radiation Influence came about.

In any case, Xu Tui’s learning speed was extremely fast under the teaching mode of the School of Radiation Influence, coupled with Xu Tui’s illusory introspection and his Mind Concentration Technique.

After making up his mind, Xu Tui looked at the Longhu Overall Rankings again.

Xu Tui’s target this time was the 80th to 71st place. He could only choose one from these ten people. He naturally had his own criteria for choosing his targets. His targets had to be able to provide him with actual combat experience. He did not want to choose a supernatural-type at this level.

They should not be stronger than the Dai Lijun. If Cui Xi, a second-year Tiger, was a reference, Dai Lijun’s real ranking on the Longhu Overall Rankings should be above 70.

Xu Tui would definitely have to fight the Extreme Branch in today’s ranking battle. He had made a reservation with Cui Xi. Then, he had to choose a more special target for this battle. It would be best if it was a supernatural power that he had never encountered before.

Soon, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted slightly.

73rd, Gan Jiaxin!

Third-year, supernatural-type. However, he was a rare metal-type supernatural being! Ever since he had entered the academy, Xu Tui had seen earth, fire, water, wood, thunder, and other supernatural beings. However, he had never fought a metal-type supernatural being before.

Xu Tui immediately stated his goal to the teacher on duty. The teacher on duty called him on the spot, but the answer disappointed him.

He’s not around. This metal-type supernatural being, Gan Jiaxin, was not in school. He was currently cultivating in the outer area and had even told the school.

If Xu Tui wanted to deliberately challenge Gan Jiajin, he could only do so in a month. If Gan Jiaxin had not returned to fight after a month, Xu Tui would be able to win and obtain Gan Jiaxin’s ranking.

However, this was meaningless to Xu Tui.

At that moment, Xu Tui challenged another person. It was the wood-type supernatural being ranked 71st. This senior was here.

Fifteen minutes later, the challenge began.

However, Xu Tui realized that he had chosen the wrong opponent the moment the battle began.

The strength of a wood-type supernatural being could not be fully displayed on the Longhu List. If they were in the wild, especially in places with rich vegetation, their wood-type superpowers would be magnified.

During the previous clearing mission in the forest, Gong Ling, who was in Level E Genetic Liberation Stage wood-type supernatural being, had easily activated her plants to stop her opponent and created an opportunity for Xu Tui.

The wood-type supernatural being in front of him was indeed very powerful. He had gotten to this position with real strength.

Xu Tui believed that the difficulty of dealing with this wood-type supernatural being would be doubled if they were in the wild.

However, even though this wood-type supernatural being was very powerful and his attacks were ever-changing and strange, after Xu Tui experienced it for a short while, he was able to force this wood-type supernatural being into a corner with the combination of the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula.

He did not even use his flying sword.

Xu Tui had also completed the genetic mutation of his Stab Formula. With his powerful mind power, their mental shields were like paper.

Xu Tui easily won the 71st place on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Of course, it was not that the seniors on the Longhu Overall Rankings were not good enough. In fact, every senior on the Longhu Overall Rankings had extremely strong combat strength.

Unfortunately, they ran into Xu Tui.

Especially in the past three months, Xu Tui had been training like crazy. He had been through life-and-death battles and had accumulated a lot of experience. It was naturally very easy to fight now.

Qu Qingshan, who was on duty, took the opportunity to show off again.

It was not easy for the School of General Senses to produce a person who could kill everyone in the arena. He even used the School of General Senses’s abilities. Qu Qingshan could not let go of this opportunity.

As soon as this wood-type supernatural being got off the stage, Cui Xi laughed and jumped onto the arena.

“It’s finally my turn. Xu Tui, do you want to rest?”

“I didn’t consume much of my mind power. No problem.”

“Good. Register, go through the procedures, and then we’ll start the battle.”

Two minutes later, Cui Xi was the first to reach the standard combat position. He slammed his alloy staff heavily onto the ground.

“Xu Tui, you have to be careful. Since this is a martial arts competition, I will not hold back unless it is a matter of life and death. My staff might break your bones and tendons if I just swiped at you.”

“You have to be careful. My flying sword will cause harm. Sometimes, even I can’t control it!” Xu Tui’s flying sword slowly flew up and began to spin above his head.

“Hahaha, you’re even better at bragging than me! Let’s talk about it after the battle. We’ve been waiting for this battle for months!”

The moment the countdown ended, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted slightly.

Time Distortion. Almost at the same time as the battle began, the Mountain and Stab Formulas were executed. It was a pincer attack on Cui Xi.

Xu Tui did not need to hold back in his battle with Cui Xi. If Cui Xi needed Xu Tui to hold back, he would not be a second-year Tiger.

Cui Xi should have long learned the ability to sense energy fields. Although he was a little shocked by how fast Xu Tui had attacked, he was not surprised at all. The alloy staff in his hand stood upright. He poked upwards and then paused heavily.

Bang! Bang!

A series of explosions rang out. Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula was shattered by the staff.

Looking at the earth spike that was aimed at his crotch, Cui Xi kicked out and shattered the earth spike.

At the same time, the long staff landed on the ground, and the energy field exploded. The moment the ground cracked, the spears that Xu Tui had already stabbed out, and the spears that were still in the process of materializing, were shattered on the spot.

The audience was in an uproar. Cui Xi easily broke Xu Tui’s combination technique of the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula.

Just now, the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun, had been forced into a sorry state by this combination technique. He had forced the King of Control, Lu Mingxiang, to admit defeat and almost died. He had even defeated another wood-type supernatural being.

Judging from this, how could one not think that the combination of the Earth Spikes and the Mountain Formula is powerful?

However, it was easily broken by Cui Xi.

In the next moment, Cui Xi’s figure was like a dragon. He raised his staff and swung it at Xu Tui. The staff had not arrived, but the energy field that was like a blade had already slashed toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not panic. He stepped three meters into the air and dodged Cui Xi’s attack. The flying sword spiraled toward Cui Xi. The moment the flying sword flew up, Cui Xi retracted his staff. When the light arrived, he pointed his staff at Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. He activated the Spiral Force and turned around, narrowly avoiding the staff. However, the flying sword also lost its threatening ability at this moment.

Cui Xi jumped up four to five meters into the air. His staff turned into a three-meter-square shadow. Every staff shadow carried an energy field. As the energy field energy converged, it formed an even larger force field that enveloped Xu Tui.

With Xu Tui’s speed in the air, he would not be able to dodge the attack even if he ran. At that moment, he suddenly recalled Lu Mingxiang’s Spiritual Magnetic Marker. If he had Lu Mingxiang’s Spiritual Magnetic Marker ability, Xu Tui would have been able to flash 20 to 30 meters away in an instant, causing Cui Xi’s killing move to miss.

Even though Xu Tui had cultivated the Vajra Shield, he did not dare to take Cui Xi’s killing move head-on. One strike after another. Cui Xi could definitely smash Xu Tui with the staff until he doubted his life.

Without hesitation, a mental whip materialized and lashed out at Cui Xi.

Mental Whip!

Xu Tui had only used 1% of his mind power. However, it was his mental whip after his genetic mutation. Even the mental whip that was activated by 1% of his mind power was very powerful!

Cui Xi’s entire body trembled. The alloy staff in his hand trembled, and most of the staff shadows and energy field immediately dissipated.

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Without hesitation, Xu Tui whipped Cui Xi with his mental whip. He whipped Cui Xi three times in a row. Every lash made Cui Xi tremble.

After three lashes, Cui Xi had already fallen to the ground. The staff shadows and energy field power that he had just unleashed had all dissipated!

The best defense was to attack!

At the same time, Xu Tui’s flying sword whistled through the air.

Cui Xi’s senses were also affected by the interference of Xu Tui’s mental whip. He could no longer calmly force Xu Tui’s flying sword back like before.

Cui Xi knew Xu Tui well.

Xu Tui was using a supersonic flying sword. The moment the flying sword tore through the air, Cui Xi raised the Vajra Barrier without hesitation. Just as the Vajra Barrier was raised, a silver light ruthlessly collided with Cui Xi’s abdomen.@@novelbin@@

Just as Xu Tui had said, even Xu Tui himself would find it difficult to control the lethality of his flying sword when it was fully unleashed.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not aim his sword at Cui Xi’s vital points.

Sizzle!

The spiraling flying sword struck Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier like a drill hitting glass. It let out a piercing screech. The moment Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier rippled, with the flying sword as the center, it cracked inch by inch!

The energy field surged out of Cui Xi’s body, instantly restoring the Vajra Barrier that was about to shatter.

Cui Xi heaved a sigh of relief. He had survived this wave.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted, and he lashed out with his mental whip again.

Cui Xi’s body trembled. The Vajra Barrier fluctuated violently and almost collapsed on the spot. Almost at the same time, there was a loud sound of something heavy falling from above.

The Mountain Formula!

Cui Xi was immediately flattened by the Mountain Formula. If it weren’t for the fact that he still had some of the Vajra Barrier’s power left, Cui Xi would have broken a lot of bones.

Suppress!