Chapter 419 - Xu Tui, You Don’T Keep Your

Chapter 419: Xu Tui, You Don’t Keep Your Promise (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“At present, there are not many substances that can be used as carriers of mind power. Most of them have special forms. Comparatively speaking, there is only one common type of substance that can be turned into a powder-like and transparent carrier of mind power—Origin Crystals,” An Xiaoxue analyzed.

“Origin Crystal Powder? Miss An, Lu Mingxiang used the Origin Crystal Powder to activate her Butterfly Flight. Isn’t she too rich?

“On the Blue Star, it was said that one could not buy one gram of Origin Crystals even if one spent 100 million. In the Extra-terrestrial, it was said that one gram of Origin Crystals cost 10,000 contribution points.@@novelbin@@

“Even if she used powder, she wouldn’t be able to use one gram of Origin Crystals many times, right?” Xu Tui was stunned.

If that was the case, then Lu Mingxiang was definitely a tycoon! In any case, Xu Tui would not be able to use it unless it was to save his life.

“It’s not as exaggerated as you make it out to be. 10,000 contribution points for a gram of Origin Crystals. That’s the price of the black market for some people with special needs. Contribution points were also very valuable in the extra-terrestrial.

“However, you’re right. If Butterfly Flight were to use the Origin Crystal Powder as a medium for the Mental Magnetic Pillar, it would be too extravagant. So no, it’s not Origin Crystal Powder.”

An Xiaoxue thought of something. “The Origin Crystal Powder has energy fluctuations. If she scatters it, you will definitely be able to sense it with your mental perception. Its location will still be exposed very early.

“When you fought with Lu Mingxiang, your mental perception didn’t sense the energy fluctuations of the Origin Crystal powder, right?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“No.” Xu Tui shook his head.

“That’s right. It should be something like this and it’s not too expensive to use it.”

An Xiaoxue turned around and found a transparent crystal in a material drawer. She brought it to Xu Tui.

“Isn’t this… still an Origin Crystal?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Take a closer look and sense it,” An Xiaoxue reminded him.

Xu Tui’s mental perception landed on the crystal. He suddenly noticed something unusual. “There’s no energy at all! Is this an Origin Crystal that has been completely depleted of energy?”

“That’s right. The Origin Crystals with its energy depleted do not have any energy fluctuations. It’s as if a handful of soil had been scattered. However, it could perfectly carry mind power. As long as one used it as a medium, one’s mental magnetic pillar could instantly land on the ground. Furthermore, it was used as a medium to expand. There would not be any loss of mind power. Its strength and stability should be very good.

“Try it!”

Xu Tui was stunned the next moment.

An Xiaoxue pinched the transparent Origin Crystal, which had used up all of its energy, between her thumb and index finger. She gently rubbed it, and a small amount of transparent Origin Crystal powder appeared on the spot.

If she pinched anyone with this strength, wouldn’t their bones be turned into powder on the spot?

These Origin Crystals were very hard.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought. He quickly asked, “Miss An, have you broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm?”

“I guess so, but I suppressed it. I’ll think of a breakthrough in the Extra-terrestrial.” Looking at her steel-like fingers, An Xiaoxue also reacted. “However, the initial genetic evolution has already begun to improve my physical fitness. Try it.”

An Xiaoxue gave Xu Tui some powder. He roughly scanned with his mind power and found that there were about a thousand particles.

Xu Tui threw a particle at 15 meters, 30 meters, 40 meters, and 60 meters. The longest area of the Research Institute Number 14 was 60 meters.

He spread out his mental perception and instantly found the depleted Origin Crystal powder that had been scattered. He inserted the Psychic Magnetic Marker and connected his mind power to it. He exerted his strength.

In the next moment, Xu Tui quickly flew forward like Lu Mingxiang. He instantly flew 15 meters away.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui was able to fly around with the help of the depleted Origin Crystal powder that he had scattered around the Research Institute Number 14. Even at a distance of 60 meters, he could still fly instantly.

However, the further the distance, the greater the consumption of mind power.

Xu Tui estimated that as long as he was within the range of his mental perception, he could instantly plant a Psychic Magnetic Marker and use Butterfly Flight. Most importantly, this depleted Origin Crystal powder could continuously insert the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

On the pre-set battlefield, Xu Tui would be able to fly all over the battlefield as long as he had a few points.

It was really a scene of butterflies flying everywhere!

That solved it.

Xu Tui was extremely excited.

“Miss An, why don’t you learn it too?”

“In the future. I’ll have to spend a lot of effort to learn this Spiritual Magnetic Marker. I have to first learn the mind power magnetic field before learning the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. I also have to undergo directional mutation.

“I’m half a step into the Genetic Evolution Realm now, so I can’t undergo genetic mutation,” An Xiaoxue said with a smile.

“By the way, Xu Tui, how’s your preparation going?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked.

“I’m almost ready.”

“That’s good.” An Xiaoxue nodded.

“This research will take at least a month, at most three months. Everything at home has to be settled. We will set off six days later, which is December 29th, to the Extra-terrestrial,” An Xiaoxue instructed.

“By the way, Miss An, we’ve all gone to the Extra-terrestrial. What about the Research Institute Number 14?” Xu Tui asked.

“Ah Huang will watch the house.”

An Xiaoxue suddenly took out two envelopes and handed them to Xu Tui.

“What’s this?”

“This is a letter of acceptance from the Extraterrestrial Research Institute for you and Bian Yuan. You can keep yours. Can you help me deliver the letter to Bian Yuan?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Alright, no problem.”