Chapter 411 - King Of Control (2)

Chapter 411: King of Control (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At first, he was quite angry and even looked down on him. It was because he was ordered by Zheng Shaohong, the head of the Supernatural Branch, to challenge him.

Now, Xu Tui was relieved.

They were just on different sides! If An Xiaoxue had asked Xu Tui to challenge someone, Xu Tui would have done so without hesitation.

Xu Tui cupped his hands at Dai Lijun, who was leaving, as a gesture to send him off. Xu Tui’s gaze started scanning the Longhu Overall Rankings. The students gathered around the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings had no intention of dispersing. They were all looking forward to Xu Tui’s next battle. Some students and seniors had already started guessing who Xu Tui was going to challenge next.

“Supernatural Branch!”

“Xu Tui has a grudge against the Supernatural Branch. He will definitely challenge the seniors of the Supernatural Branch in the next battle.”

“That’s true!”

Many students who were watching the commotion started making predictions.

A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face as he listened. Was he that narrow-minded? What was the point of going against the Supernatural Branch? It would only be interesting if he had the chance to kill the invaders in the extra-terrestrial.

At this moment, Xu Tui was mainly training his abilities.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the 80th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Lu Mingxiang, ranked 80th on the Longhu List, was a fourth-year student. It was a female senior.

Xu Tui was very interested in her. It was mainly because this female senior came from the School of Radiation Influence.

The School of Radiation Influence which was known as the King of Control.

Although Xu Tui had learned a portion of the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, he had never fought with a senior from the School of Radiation Influence.

Xu Tui wanted to give it a try. He wanted to test the level of the King of Control of the School of Radiation Influence. There were only two people in the entire School of Radiation Influence who were ranked in the Longhu Overall Rankings. Lu Mingxiang was one of them.

“Is Senior Lu Mingxiang here? If you’re free, let’s have a fight. I want to try the battle technique of the King of Control,” Xu Tui said loudly.

Xu Tui knew very well that his battle today had attracted a lot of attention. Perhaps Lu Mingxiang was watching the battle. Of course, if she was not around, the teacher on duty would contact her.

“Xu Tui, Senior Lu Mingxiang is watching the live broadcast. She asked me to tell you to wait for her for ten minutes. She will be here soon,” a female senior who was watching the battle suddenly shouted.

“Alright!”

…..

In less than nine minutes, a woman with long hair flew over quickly on a repulsive-force flying skateboard. After registering herself, she entered the martial arts arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“You just fought Dai Lijun. Do you need to rest?” Lu Mingxiang asked.

“No need.”

“Then get ready.”

Lu Mingxiang was very straightforward.

A few seconds later, the countdown screen lit up as Qu Qingshan shouted. The moment the countdown screen dissipated, Xu Tui spread out his mental perception. He wanted to stab the enemy directly.

However, what surprised Xu Tui was that Lu Mingxiang had disappeared. She was clearly ten meters in front of Xu Tui. But he could not sense her aura.

No!

Xu Tui, who had activated his microscopic perception, immediately noticed something unusual.@@novelbin@@

Lu Mingxiang’s aura did not disappear, instead, her aura had silently merged into his aura. It was as if she had become a part of Xu Tui. Xu Tui could not sense her with his mental perception.

Spiritual resonance!

There was actually such a method for spiritual resonance. This opened Xu Tui’s eyes. This usage was not very useful on the battlefield. However, if it was a special battlefield where the environment and terrain were complicated or where vision was ineffective, it was a great way to hide one’s tracks.

Most importantly, Xu Tui did not realize it.

However, he was still able to detect the difference between Lu Mingxiang and his own mind power’s aura. His mental perception locked onto Lu Mingxiang again.

Almost at the same time, the earth spike shot out!

It was a little cruel to skewer a beauty. However, this was a battle that involved life and death.

Xu Tui did not show any mercy. But his expression changed once again the moment the earth spike shot out.

An Xiaoxue! The person standing in front of him was An Xiaoxue! His Earth Spike was aimed at An Xiaoxue.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s heart trembled. He knew very well that the person standing in front of him was definitely not An Xiaoxue. It should be an illusion caused by some kind of mind power.

However, this feeling of shock still affected Xu Tui greatly.

Xu Tui gritted his teeth and stabbed his Earth Spike out of the ground without hesitation. Through his mental perception, he could sense that the spikes had pierced through An Xiaoxue. An Xiaoxue began to struggle and scream on the spikes!

That scene shocked Xu Tui once again.

“It’s definitely not Miss An!”

Xu Tui kept telling himself that he should retract his mental perception and use his naked eyes to see. But he was once again stunned by what he saw.

His mother, Zhang Xiuli! His mother, Zhang Xiuli, appeared in front of Xu Tui with a spatula in her hand.

“No!”

Definitely not! Xu Tui knew very well that his mother would never appear in the arena. However, Xu Tui, who was experiencing this for the first time, could not help but be affected. It was also at this moment that he felt a slight invasion in his mind power domain.

Zhang Xiuli’s mental energy fluctuation was invading Xu Tui’s mind power domain.

Xu Tui was very familiar with such mental fluctuations.

Advanced Hypnosis!

Xu Tui felt a chill in his heart. Was this the f*cking King of Control? He really couldn’t take it anymore after being hit a few times! Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power domain suddenly contracted. At the same time, he changed the frequency of his mind power magnetic field through his spiritual radiation.