Chapter 415 - Fighting For The Dragon (2)

Chapter 415: Fighting for the Dragon (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Club, Luo Murong put away his saber and looked at the flashing video call. He was a little annoyed.

Mei Qingfei.

He hated it when people called him while he was cultivating. Usually, there would be a Do Not Disturb mode during cultivation. However, under the Do Not Disturb mode, the video call would appear again after two consecutive calls. He still had to answer the call after calling twice in a short period of time.

“What is it?”

Luo Murong’s voice was a little cold.

“You can watch the live broadcast of your school’s Longhu Overall Rankings.” Mei Qingfei was extremely smart. It was obvious that she had already realized something.

Luo Murong was angry. But that was not her concern. What she wanted was to make her presence known!

“Live broadcast. What’s there to watch?”

With Luo Murong’s combat strength, he was ranked in the top ten of the Longhu Overall Rankings. There was really no need for him to watch ordinary live broadcasts.

“Murong, I’ve already reminded you. I know that your goal is to be the next Huaxia Dragon, but this person might have the potential to fight for the position of the Dragon!”

“Fight for the position of the Dragon?”

Luo Murong’s gaze twitched. It was not easy to obtain such an evaluation from Mei Qingfei. He wanted to say something, but Mei Qingfei had already hung up.

Luo Murong was disappointed. He felt a little ashamed. He had wronged Mei Qingfei.

He was aiming for the top in Huaxia. He had to pay attention to those who had the potential to compete for the top.

However, when Luo Murong saw the live broadcast, he was stunned.

Xu Tui!

His roommate, Xu Tui, had challenged Yan Lie.

Luo Murong knew Yan Lie very well. This person could threaten Huaxia Dragon and Tiger in the future, but he definitely did not have the potential to fight for the seat.

It was not that Yan Lie was not strong enough, but that he was destined to be an assassin. If Yan Lie started to defend the rankings, he would be exposed to the sunlight. He would not be able to last long and would not be able to unleash his tactical advantage.

Yan Lie had once obtained the title of the Tiger of the Year Two or even the Tiger of the Year Three. However, he lost it because he could not keep his ranking.

Similarly, it would be the same in the future.

The person Mei Qingfei was referring to was not Yan Lie. That was Xu Tui!

Did Xu Tui have the potential to fight for the throne? Luo Murong believed it. But that was two years later! However, the battle for the Dragon half a year later was unlikely, right?

Luo Murong immediately flipped through the live-stream footage from before. His expression became solemn when he saw the video of Xu Tui battling Dai Lijun and suppressing Cui Xi.

“At this rate, it’s really possible! If he can defeat Yan Lie, then he might be able to participate in the Dragon Battle half a year later.”

With that in mind, Luo Murong listed Xu Tui as a threat. Since he was an opponent, he had to understand his opponent first.

After some manipulation, Luo Murong turned the live broadcast projection into ultra-clear mode and prepared to watch the challenge carefully.

At the same time, the third-year dragon, Chu Wei, also received the news and silently opened the broadcast.

They were not the only ones. Many of the members of the third-year Longhu List and Huaxia Longhu Overall Rankings who had received the news also turned on the live broadcast. Those who had the chance rushed to the scene immediately.

With the strength that Xu Tui had displayed so far, as well as the fact that he had challenged someone like Yan Lie, he was already qualified to attract their attention.

At the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings, Xu Tui sat on a chair and closed his eyes to rest. He quietly waited for Yan Lie to arrive. In the crowd, a slightly thin and lean figure walked over with light footsteps. One step after another, it felt like he was floating.

This was Yan Lie.

Yan Lie signed in with the teacher on duty and stepped onto the martial arts arena gently. His gaze swept toward Xu Tui, who was resting with his eyes closed.

Xu Tui, who was resting with his eyes closed, was suddenly jolted awake. The feeling just now was like a ferocious beast staring at him, waking him up. He looked up and was a little stunned.

Yan Lie had arrived!

Yan Lie nodded wordlessly. He was alert after he looked. Xu Tui was not weak. He was worthy of a fight.

“Senior Yan?”

“Come on, I don’t like to waste time!”

“Okay!

Xu Tui responded. When he walked toward the standard combat position, Qu Qingshan, who was in charge of guarding the judging position, became anxious.

“Wait a moment. The emergency team isn’t in position yet,” Qu Qingshan said as he called to rush them.

Xu Tui was stunned at first, then he reacted.

Damn! Yan Lie had a lot of face! As long as he went into battle, the emergency team would have to wait for him below the stage.

Of course, Xu Tui understood that this was Yan Lie’s way of showing off.

A minute later, a group of six doctors from the emergency team pushed various pieces of professional equipment and waited at the edge of the arena.

Xu Tui looked at the emergency team that was in position, then at Yan Lie. He could not help but be stunned.

What a display of ostentation!

How tragic must Yan Lie’s past achievements be for the school to send the emergency team to the arena to await orders during his battle?

“Remember, life first, victory second.”

They were all students who were used to participating in battles. Qu Qingshan did not say anything else. He only gave a few instructions and followed the procedure to raise the countdown screen.

Yan Lie did not say anything else. He held the dagger with both hands and turned his body slightly. He stared at Xu Tui and waited for the countdown to end.

Xu Tui’s flying sword rose into the air. He spread out his mental perception and continued to circulate the energy field in his body. He was going all out!

In the next moment, the countdown disappeared.

He activated the Time Distortion and Mental Whip. This was a preemptive attack. The first mental whip struck Yan Lie.

Yan Lie’s blurry figure trembled slightly. It seemed to have stopped for a moment. However, it only stopped for a moment. The moment he stopped, Yan Lie raised his head and stared at Xu Tui.

Almost at the same time, the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula blasted towards Yan Lie. However, Yan Lie’s figure suddenly became blurry the moment the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula collided.

Or rather, he turned into an afterimage!

Not only did he turn into an afterimage, but he also disappeared from Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Xu Tui did not panic at all. The flying sword circled around, and his mental perception instantly switched to a microscopic level.

Behind him!

Whoosh! The flying sword let out a sharp cry and shot towards the afterimage of Yan Lie.

Yan Lie, who was about to stab his back, suddenly felt a sense of danger. Without thinking, he stabbed his dagger in a direction. The short blade accurately collided with a flash of silver light.

The silver light formed by the flying sword flew out diagonally. Yan Lie was also knocked over by the force of the flying sword. Almost at the same time, earth spikes shot out from the ground.

Yan Lie’s reaction seemed to be instinctive. It was as if there was a spring on the ground. He immediately bounced up from the ground. In a flash, four Yan Lies suddenly appeared in the arena.

Four Yan Lies charged toward Xu Tui at the same time.

Xu Tui’s Earth Spike was extremely accurate. It pierced through the four attacking routes of Yan Lie. The three Yan Lies instantly dissipated.

However, one of them, Yan Lie, suddenly disappeared. In a flash, he appeared beside Xu Tui. His hands and feet attacked Xu Tui at an extremely strange angle.

He was being approached! He activated his Vajra Shield. He pushed out his mental shield at the same time!@@novelbin@@

In an instant, the saber light was like a shadow! Yan Lie stabbed more than ten times in an instant. Especially his neck and back. Every slash caused a violent energy field fluctuation. Every slash caused Xu Tui’s Vajra Shield to fluctuate. Every stab made Xu Tui break out in cold sweat.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had completed the Major Heavenly Cycle. The energy field in his body surged out and continuously supported the Vajra Shield that was about to explode.

Surprise appeared in Yan Lie’s eyes. He did not expect Xu Tui to be a dual cultivator.

Xu Tui could not use his Earth Spike or the Mountain Formula since he was being closed in. His flying sword attacked. Yan Lie’s body was like a phantom as he attacked Xu Tui’s surroundings. Xu Tui could not unleash the full power of his flying sword.

Every time he dodged, his extremely strange movement technique would leave a scar on Xu Tui’s non-vital spot.

Just as Xu Tui was trying his best to deal with the attack, the bone blades on Yan Lie’s feet expanded. Two large sickles appeared.

The two sabers slashed toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression changed. He activated the Time Distortion. He immediately used the Vajra Shield to block the attacks from the sickles. However, the power of the bone spike sickles was still difficult to block.

Xu Tui was cut down to the ground on the spot, leaving him exposed.

In the blink of an eye, Yan Lie’s blades were already stabbing toward Xu Tui’s crotch at a speed that was as fast as a phantom.

Xu Tui felt a chill run down his spine.

Mental Whip! 5% mental whip! He slapped Yan Lie hard on the head.

Yan Lie’s illusory saber light suddenly froze!

Swish!

Three earth spikes shot out from between Xu Tui’s legs. It pierced through Yan Lie and lifted him up.