Chapter 414 - Fighting For The Dragon (1)

Chapter 414: Fighting for the Dragon (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Hey, hey, hey, how long do you want to suppress me?” Cui Xi, who had been suppressed by Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula, laid the ground and slapped the ground in dissatisfaction. Although the Vajra Barrier had been raised again, it could only protect him from being injured at this moment.

Cui Xi, who had been flattened, could not get up at all.

Xu Tui came to a realization and quickly dispersed the Mountain Formula.

“I forgot.” Xu Tui laughed and personally pulled Cui Xi up. “Brother Cui, is your energy field defense the Vajra Barrier of the Vajra Tide?”

“That’s right. It hasn’t been long since I mastered it. How is it?”

“You’re awesome.” Xu Tui gave Cui Xi a thumbs-up. “It’s like a turtle shell with an all-round defense. It can even block my flying sword.”

“F*ck, you’re the one wearing a turtle shell.” Cui Xi patted the soil angrily. “You’ve improved quite a lot recently. Your mental whip, the Mountain Formula, and the Stab Formula are all quite powerful.”

“What’s so impressive about that? Weren’t they all crushed by your staff?”

“Xu Tui, I don’t really understand your instantiation, but instantiation is created by mind power. If you were to add a bunch of earth spikes to your Mountain Formula, the lethality of your attacks would probably increase by several times,” Cui Xi suddenly said.

Holy shit! Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he heard Cui Xi’s words. Add earth spikes to his Mountain Formula? Can he do it?

As long as it could be visualized, it could be conjured! If it was really done, the power would definitely be ferocious and the lethality would definitely be awesome.

Cui Xi’s words pointed out a clear path for Xu Tui. As expected, the ability he obtained from the Genetic Ability Chain was still important for application. There were many similar abilities in this world.

However, those who could play it to the fullest were truly impressive!

“I’ve lost this battle! However, I lost in terms of defense against mental attacks. I’ll come back with you after I improve my abilities in this aspect,” Cui Xi said directly.

“Alright, I’ll wait! I want to try your Vajra Barrier again.”@@novelbin@@

Actually, there was something that he did not say. Xu Tui was tempted. His Vajra Barrier was about to be activated. The defensive abilities displayed by Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier had already amazed Xu Tui.

This made Xu Tui look forward to it.

“What about you? Are you going to continue fighting?” Cui Xi suddenly asked before he left the stage.

Xu Tui glanced at the Longhu Overall Rankings. “I still have some energy left. I’ll fight one or two more rounds. Brother Cui, do you have anyone you recommend?”

“What kind of candidate do you want? Is it a challenge for you to win with your strength?” Cui Xi asked.

“I want someone who’s challenging!”

Cui Xi glanced at the Longhu Overall Rankings. “Within the ten rankings, if you challenge the five people ranked 64th to 68th, your chances of winning are more than 70% to 80%. You can fight both the 61st and 59th place. Based on my understanding of your strength, they should be more challenging for you.”

“61st and 59th? Both of them are in the Extreme Branch?” Xu Tui immediately saw the information.

“Why? Are you looking down on the Extreme Branch?” Cui Xi chuckled. “On the battlefield, the Mystery Branch has the most deaths at the hands of the Extreme Branch. These two are dual cultivators!”

“Dual cultivators?” Xu Tui was stunned. “Both the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch?”

“There are main and secondary abilities. Using the abilities of the Mystery Branch as support, attacking them often has the effect of turning something rotten into something magical,” Cui Xi said.

“Then I must fight them,” Xu Tui said.

Cui Xi’s gaze changed when he saw Xu Tui. “You should be going to the extraterrestrial research institute, right?”

“Yes.”

“Then I suggest you challenge the 59th place, Yan Lie. He’s a top-notch assassin!” Cui Xi said.

“Assassin? Alright, thank you!”

Under the gaze of tens of thousands of spectators, Xu Tui once again looked for the teacher on duty and expressed that he wanted to challenge Yan Lie, who was ranked 59th on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Within the rules, the teacher on duty naturally had to call Yan Lie. Soon, he received a reply. Yan Lie had just returned to school recently. He could accept the challenge.

The information of Xu Tui challenging Yan Lie appeared on the electronic screen of the Longhu Overall Rankings. In an instant, the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were in an uproar again.

This time, it was the second, third, and fourth-year students who were in an uproar! Only these seniors knew how powerful Yan Lie was.

Yan Lie had many examples of challenging people above his level. When he was still a Genetic Liberator, he had killed a Class C Genetic Mutant. It was said that he had even successfully ambushed and killed a Genetic Evolution Realm expert in the extra-terrestrial.

Although he had just entered the Genetic Evolution Realm, his results were shocking. This was because Yan Lie was still an A-rank genetic mutant and had yet to break through.

At the same time, Yan Lie had an extremely dazzling battle record.

When Yan Lie was in his second year, he had won the titles of Dragon and Tiger of the Second Year several times. In his third year, he also won the title of Tiger of the Third Year. Although it did not last long enough, it still represented Yan Lie’s strength.

Yan Lie was already a true expert among the senior students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The second-year Dragon that Xu Tui had defeated, Dai Lijun, and the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi were still juniors in the eyes of these seniors.

Even though Dai Lijun was the second-year Dragon, he had only cultivated for a year and a half. However, Yan Lie was different!

As the news spread, the number of viewers in the live stream of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College increased again.