Chapter 412 - King Of Control (3)

Chapter 412: King of Control (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Originally, Lu Mingxiang had subtly merged her mind power and Xu Tui into one through spiritual resonance. She had silently influenced Xu Tui. It was as if the two faucets were releasing tap water. Once they fused, it was difficult to tell which part of the water came from whom.

However, Xu Tui had taken the initiative to change the frequency of his mind power magnetic field through his spiritual radiation. It was as if he had added a special dye to the water. On the other hand, Lu Mingxiang’s mind power magnetic field was still colorless tap water.

In an instant, Xu Tui used this method to separate Lu Mingxiang’s mind power.

In the next moment, the image of ‘Zhang Xiuli’ suddenly shattered and returned to Lu Mingxiang’s appearance. It also reappeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Xu Tui raised his hand without hesitation. He combined the Earth Spike and the Mountain Symbol Art and attacked at the same time.

The earth spikes stabbed out from the ground like spears, and a ten-meter-tall mountain crashed down.

Lu Mingxiang was stunned. He actually broke free! At this moment, it was too late for any control abilities of the School of Radiation Influence.

Just as Xu Tui thought that Lu Mingxiang was going to give up, he did not see her move. She merely extended her hand and her entire body was sent flying. She flew 20 meters away at an abnormal angle, brushing past Xu Tui’s Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula.

It felt as if someone had pulled her from afar. However, it was impossible for anyone to pull her away in public.

Xu Tui was stunned, but his mind power followed closely behind. It was still the Earth Spike and the Shan Formula.

He pursued continuously. He pursued like a shadow.

This was especially so when the Earth Spike was combined with the Mountain Formula. If it were anyone else, they would only be able to fight head-on without any chance of dodging.

However, Lu Mingxiang flew out again.

Xu Tui did not move. He continued to chase after her with his Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula.

The third time!

Lu Mingxiang dodged the attack for the third time. This time, Lu Mingxiang shouted as soon as she flew out. “Stop, stop, stop!”

Lu Mingxiang only landed when Xu Tui’s mind power stopped.

The moment she landed on the ground, Lu Mingxiang pointed at Xu Tui with her almond-shaped eyes and glared at him. “Say, your spikes are lined up one after another. Are you trying to poke a few holes in me?”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“I didn’t even have the time to catch my breath when you used the word ‘Mountain’ to suppress me! I was almost harmed by you!”

Lu Mingxiang placed her hands on her hips and wiped her sweat as she panted. Xu Tui was stunned. He had not even said a single word when the barrage of words arrived.

“Senior, you’re very powerful. You almost…”

“I was almost dead at the age of 22 years old!” Lu Mingxiang was really a little scared. It had been too dangerous when Xu Tui had used his Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula.

Qu Qingshan, who was on duty at the referee’s stand, heard this conversation. His gaze suddenly shifted.

What a good opportunity! It was a great opportunity for the School of General Senses to appear!

“Hahahaha, Xu Tui, you can be considered to have grasped more than half of the essence of the School of General Senses’s Mountain and Stab Formulas!” Qu Qingshan laughed loudly and shouted.

Xu Tui was stunned once again. He instantly understood what Old Qu wanted to do. There were still too few people in the School of General Senses. He wanted to use this opportunity to make a name for the School of General Senses and see if he could get a few more students to switch to the School of General Senses!

Xu Tui shot Qu Qingshan with a knowing look. He immediately cooperated and shouted at Qu Qingshan.

“Mr. Qu, thank you for your guidance these few days. I’ll ask you to teach me the essence of the Mountain and the Stab Formula another day,” Xu Tui replied.@@novelbin@@

“Alright, you’re welcome anytime. We don’t have many people in the School of General Senses. Even if you’re an elective, I’ll personally guide you! If any of the other students want to choose the School of General Senses, you can come and look for me!” Qu Qingshan started to advertise on the spot. However, Xu Tui started chatting with Lu Mingxiang again.

“That illusion of yours is very powerful. I’ve already fallen for it,” Xu Tui praised.

“That’s Spiritual Concealment.”

Xu Tui came to a realization when he heard this. So this was the Spiritual Concealment that he had not learned. However, it should be more than that!

“By the way, Senior Lu, what was the ability that you used to fly out?” Xu Tui asked curiously.