Chapter 420 - Xu Tui, You Don’T Keep Your Promise (2)

Chapter 420: Xu Tui, You Don’t Keep Your Promise (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“If there’s a problem with Bian Yuan, explain the reason to him. Also, get Bian Yuan to prepare as soon as possible. Ask him if he has any difficulties. If he does, help him solve it,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was stunned. There were a bunch of things attached to the admission notice. Of course, it was not that he felt that there was too much going on. It was just that Xu Tui had a vague feeling that there was something wrong.

“Miss An, why should I help Mr. Bian solve his problems? He’s a teacher, and I’m a student?”

An Xiaoxue glared at Xu Tui. “Why are you talking so much nonsense? Bian Yuan was once my senior, a senior in the School of Enlightened Mind. Something happened to him, and it was considered to have shielded me from the disaster. This time, he’s going to the Extra-terrestrial as a graduate student again. In reality, he was still a student. He should be worthy of your trust in the Extra-terrestrial.”

“Again?”

Xu Tui keenly grasped the key point.

“Yes, he had been to the Extraterrestrial Research Institute before. At that time, he was a pure student.”

“To be able to go to the Extra-terrestrial, his strength is definitely not bad. Miss An, what happened to Mr. Bian?”

“Ask him when you have the chance.” After saying that, An Xiaoxue’s eyes turned slightly angry. “Why are you talking so much nonsense when I’m asking you to run an errand? I’ll go if you don’t want to.”

“Uh, I’ll go!”

Xu Tui left quickly.

An Xiaoxue, on the other hand, was a little lost in thought. “I hope that he can recover this time.”

…

Xu Tui arrived at the door of the office in a flash. He was about to knock on the door when he suddenly heard a phone ringing in the office. The hand that was knocking on the door stopped. He was waiting at the door.

Perhaps it was because of the genetic mutation, but Xu Tui’s hearing had also improved to a certain extent. He could hear everything clearly through the door.

Mr. Bian Yuan kept making calls. He dialed the number and was hung up. He dialed the number again, but it was hung up. When he dialed again, he was already on the blacklist.

However, Bian Yuan seemed to be unwilling to give up. He had to get through to this number and started to use WeChat and other apps to directly make a call.

The person he called might be annoyed. After a dozen times, that person finally picked up the phone. The moment the call connected, he was questioned angrily.@@novelbin@@

“Bian Yuan, what exactly do you want? I told you that we broke up. We broke up. Don’t bother me in the future, okay?” It was a female voice. Her voice should have been pretty good, but the angry questioning voice at this moment immediately formed a yaksha-like image in Xu Tui’s mind.

“I want to know why? Did I do something wrong?” Bian Yuan’s voice trembled slightly.

“I’ve said it before, we’ve already broken up! Even if you know what you did wrong, it’s meaningless. We don’t have a future. Can you please have some grace and stop pestering me?” The female voice was still very agitated.

“Heru, I don’t want to pester you! I just want to know the reason, the reason for the breakup. I want to know why you suddenly want to break up with me after we’ve been together for several years. Tell me, I definitely won’t take the initiative to call you in the future,” Bian Yuan said.

“Alright, I’ll tell you!”

“Yes, I’m listening!”

“You’re poor! Not only that, you have no future! It’s been five years, and you’re still a mere teaching assistant. You can’t get a promotion, you can’t get a research project, and you have no future ahead of you!

“This is the capital! How are we going to buy a house in the future? I don’t want to rent a house for the rest of my life! I don’t want to move again! We’ve been together for five years and moved six times! I’d like to have my own nest. Is that all right?

“I don’t want to pretend not to like nice clothes while I’m shopping in order not to hurt your pride. Is that okay?”

…

Bian Yuan slowly hung up the phone as the girl named Heru roared. Actually, with his intelligence, he already knew. He just wanted to hear it for himself.

In the end, this so-called love was no match for reality…

Xu Tui felt that it was not appropriate for him to enter at this moment. He simply went to a small forest not far away and played with himself for half an hour before returning.

Just as Xu Tui had predicted, he could use Butterfly Flight within the maximum range of his mental perception. However, the further the distance, the greater the consumption of mind power.

Xu Tui’s maximum combat radius was 160 meters. However, if he were to perform a 160-meter Butterfly Flight, his mind power would be depleted by nearly 5%. He did not consume much mind power within a hundred meters.

Xu Tui returned again. Bian Yuan was still in the office.

“Mr. Bian, Miss An asked me to send you an admission notice.”

“Admission notice?”

Bian Yuan looked surprised. He clearly did not know. He took the envelope and glanced at it. Bian Yuan felt as if he had been struck by lightning. It was the admission notice to the Blue Star Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College!

“This…”

“Mr. Bian, Miss An said that we will set off on December 29th. You have to prepare quickly. Also, Miss An said that you’ve been to the Extra-terrestrial once and are more familiar with it. This time, the two of us are actually students. We have to help each other. You have to take care of me and let me ask you any questions.” Xu Tui slightly changed An Xiaoxue’s words.

Xu Tui sighed when he heard the scene outside the door.

The current title system of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was a comprehensive system of evaluation. It mainly evaluated research results, individual strength, and teaching results.

However, in the School of Enlightened Mind, whether it was scientific research or teaching, it was relatively difficult to produce results. Bian Yuan’s personal strength was also very, very average. It was not easy for Xu Tui to appear this year, but he was also An Xiaoxue’s special student.

Therefore, Bian Yuan’s title was indeed rather tragic.

Miss Liu Lan from the Neurology Department, who had benefited from Xu Tui previously, had been in the school for three years. She was now a senior lecturer.

Bian Yuan was still a teaching assistant!

“Yes, thank you.”

Although Bian Yuan was wearing a pair of big black-framed glasses, he was actually extremely smart. He immediately understood all the details. He was naturally thanking Xu Tui.

Bian Yuan understood very well how he got this spot. After he was done, Xu Tui did not disturb Bian Yuan any further and left.

For the next two to three days, Xu Tui was busy with his own matters. He first went to visit Luo Shifeng’s mother. It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui’s parents had become very close to Luo Shifeng’s mother recently. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had specially instructed them to do so.

Every other day or two, Xu Tui’s parents would visit Luo Shifeng’s mother and cook something delicious. Xu Tui was relieved to have his parents visit her.

The second major issue was the problem of Xu Tui’s parents’ work. It had been resolved. Otherwise, the two elders would always want to go out to look for a job in order to not be a burden to Xu Tui.

In the district where they lived, there happened to be a small teahouse with chess cards that was selling. Most of them were old people, so the profits were not much. Therefore, the original owner of the teahouse wanted to sell it.

Zhuang Ziqiang occasionally noticed it. He took over after asking Xu Tui. He did not want to earn much money. He only wanted to find something for the two elders to do to relieve their boredom and free Xu Tui. This was to prevent them from rushing him to get married or have children. Now, even Zhuang Ziqiang has become a target.

His father, Xu Jianguo, loved to play chess and drink tea. It was not tiring for him to take care of the shop. His mother, Zhang Xiuli, had even meticulously prepared some beautiful fruit platters and brewed some healthy fruit ginger tea. Needless to say, it was quite popular!

Zhuang Ziqiang could not go to the Extra-terrestrial.

His parents were in the Capital. With the Special Intelligence Division secretly taking care of them, if they had some difficulties, they could look for Zhuang Ziqiang and Cheng Mo, there was no problem.

As December 29th approached, Xu Tui’s personal problems were basically resolved. Tomorrow was the time to set off. They had to gather at the school’s location early tomorrow morning. Then, they would head to the spaceport outside the capital and set off for the Extra-terrestrial.

To be honest, Xu Tui was still a little excited that he was about to head to the Extra-terrestrial. If not for the fact that he was meditating, he might not even be able to sleep tonight!

However, just as Xu Tui was about to sleep, his personal communication device suddenly rang. It was from the encrypted channel.

This surprised Xu Tui. There were only a few people who could use the encrypted channel to call him. Tian Suqing and An Xiaoxue. However, this encrypted channel was clearly not.

“Ah Huang, get ready. Try tracking if you need to.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui picked up the phone the next moment. As soon as the phone rang, a faint voice sounded. It was a man’s voice.

“Xu Tui, you didn’t keep your promise!”

This voice stunned Xu Tui. However, this voice sounded a little familiar!