Chapter 422 - Two Worlds

Chapter 422: Two Worlds

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The two abilities brought about by the genetic ability chain in Cheng Mo’s stomach were both very valuable. Moreover, the value of future improvements was huge.

After Cheng Mo left, Xu Tui filled in the intention form that Shi Hong had sent him. He signed it and sent it out.

Actually, Xu Tui had always been hesitant about joining the Myth Organization. He had a vague feeling that the Myth Organization was after something big. It was very likely that the incident with Shamera had been planned.

Deep down, Xu Tui was still an ordinary person. He did not have much ambition. He wanted to cultivate well and see or experience things that he had never experienced before.

However, the two special abilities that the Myths had silently given Cheng Mo changed Xu Tui’s mind. The Myth might really have some unique genetic ability chain technology.

In any case, Miss An had said that The Myth was more like a platform. There was not much restraint on the members. Of course, if one had a need for The Myth, the binding power would naturally be stronger.

Therefore, he would join first. Moreover, Xu Tui could not go back on his word, right?

Then again, Xu Tui was actually quite interested in Cheng Mo’s ability to swallow and exhale. Although Cheng Mo could only hold two packs of tissues at the moment, as his mind power grew and the space he could hold grew larger, the value of the ability would increase.

This was almost a dimensional space that could store things. Of course, storage was only the lowest level function. Even so, this ability was not only extremely rare, but also extremely shocking.

Just the ability to store things was enough to make everyone envious.

For example, Xu Tui had brought two backpacks with him when he went out tomorrow. One was a tactical backpack with a capacity of 70 liters. All kinds of daily necessities, including the repulsive-force flying skateboard, were inside.

There was also a combat backpack with a capacity of 40 liters, as well as spare bottles of Energy Restoration Elixir and the Genetic Mutation Elixir, the bionic machine cabin that he had been using were all in this backpack.

Especially the dozens of bottles of elixirs that were worth millions. Xu Tui had specially bought a super-strong alloy medicine box to store the elixirs. He was afraid that he would break it if something happened. That would be a huge loss. Moreover, he had to bring it with him wherever he went.

Not to mention anything else, with Cheng Mo’s swallowing and exhaling ability, it was not a problem for him to store dozens of bottles of medicine.

Xu Tui did not have the ability to carry out research. He did not know where it was stored after he swallowed it. However, it should be much safer and more convenient than the backpack. He thought about it for a while before he made a list of observations for Cheng Mo and sent it over.

1. Swallow at least three of the same small objects and spit one out every 10 days to see if there are any damages or changes in its characteristics.

2. Try to swallow different materials and record many situations.

3. Try to swallow liquid and energy items to see if they can be stored.

…

After that, Xu Tui collected his thoughts and completed his cultivation homework every night. He then fell asleep through meditation. He woke up punctually at seven in the morning. When he came out of the washroom, he was surprised to find that Luo Murong was also packing his luggage.

Compared to Xu Tui’s two backpacks, Luo Murong’s backpacks were huge. There was an ancient-style backpack with a capacity of about 30 liters and two huge 28-inch suitcases. The luggage he brought was probably three to four times that of Xu Tui.

Of course, Xu Tui could roughly guess what was inside when he thought about Luo Murong’s habits. They should be his personal items.

“Murong, are you going on a long trip?” Xu Tui greeted him.

“You don’t know? Aren’t you going too?” Luo Murong turned around and asked.

“Extraterrestrial? You’re going with us?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“The qualifications to go to the Extra-terrestrial are not one-off. As long as you obtain the qualifications to study in the Extra-terrestrial, you can go to the Extra-terrestrial to cultivate during the research season every year,” Luo Murong said.

“D*mn, this is a permanent ticket?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“It’s not permanent. A portion of people will be eliminated every year. You’ll know when you go.” After saying that, Luo Murong shrugged. “Shall we go together later?”

“Yeah, sure.”

…

At 8:30 a.m., Xu Tui and Luo Murong, who had eaten breakfast, arrived at the gathering point in a flying car, carrying Luo Murong’s huge suitcases.

Luo Murong carried his bag and walked into the hall with a huge suitcase in each hand.

As soon as they entered the hall, three beautiful female seniors with different appearances surrounded him. Each of them snatched a suitcase. The one who did not manage to snatch one even looked depressed.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to enter because An Xiaoxue had arrived.

Compared to Luo Murong, An Xiaoxue only had a small tactical backpack and a 22-inch suitcase. It looked extremely light. Then, Xu Tui saw more and more familiar faces.

The second-year students were Dai Lijun, Tao Guan, Miao Huanshan, Cui Xi, Yan Xuejin. Not long after, Xu Tui’s eyes widened.

Chi Hongying!

Xu Tui actually saw Chi Hongying and Chai Xiao! He did not expect that the two of them had also obtained a spot to study in the extraterrestrial research field. He quickly went forward to greet them. It was only then that he realized that Chai Xiao’s expression was a little ugly. He was also pushing a female luggage.

“I know you’re strong. Help me take care of your sister-in-law when you get to the Extra-terrestrial. Hongying, look for Xu Tui if you have any errands to run. Call me if you can’t solve any problems,” Chai Xiao instructed again.

“You’re so long-winded. I’m just going to study abroad. Besides, I’m a senior. I should be the one taking care of Xu Tui,” Chi Hongying said with a smile.

“You guys chat first. I’ll go in and sign in first.” After greeting them, Chi Hongying went in first.

Chai Xiao’s expression turned ugly.

“Your sister-in-law’s strength has improved in the past half a year. Her performance was outstanding and she obtained the recognition of an elder in her family. That’s why she was recommended this year,” Chai Xiao explained.

“Sister-in-law has a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert at home?” Xu Tui asked.

“My family has one too, but the elders don’t think highly of my strength. They think that if I go, I’ll either waste the spot or die. They won’t let me go.”

The moment he saw Chi Hongying enter the check-in hall guarded by guards, Chai Xiao suddenly had a feeling—two different worlds! At this moment, his strength had split him and Chi Hongying into two worlds.

Suddenly, Chai Xiao felt a huge sense of danger.

“F*ck, looks like I have to work hard from today onwards!” Chai Xiao gritted his teeth. “From tomorrow onwards, I have to double my cultivation time. I have to reject all forms of entertainment! Otherwise, I might not even know that I’ve been cheated on.”

Xu Tui was stunned at first. Then, he smiled and said, “Brother Chai, do you not have confidence in yourself or your sister-in-law?”

“I’m very confident in both! But a strong woman is afraid of a clingy man, understand? Forget it. You’re single. It’s impossible for you to understand these things. Remember, if Hongying is in trouble, help her. Of course, keep an eye on her. If anyone dares to approach Hongying and woo her, beat them up! Especially those foreigners. They talk about love every day. They’re too shameless!” Chai Xiao explained.

“Brother Chai, are you serious?”

“What do you think? Remember, tell Hongying that later, I can’t enter so I’ll go back and cultivate first! Damn it, I had to get a spot to the Extra-terrestrial spot next year. Otherwise, I’m doomed!”

With that, Chai Xiao left. He looked extremely determined.

“Do your best, let’s go together next year!” Xu Tui shouted at Chai Xiao. Chai Xiao waved at Xu Tui and left without looking back. He understood that Chai Xiao had been provoked. However, anyone would be agitated by this.

“Eh, you guys?”

When he turned around, Xu Tui saw familiar faces. They were Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing. They were also pushing their luggage. It was obvious that the two of them were not here to send Xu Tui off. They were here to participate in extra-terrestrial research.

However, the two of them were pushing a suitcase.

Xu Tui immediately understood.

“Qingqing’s family managed to get her a recommendation spot for extraterrestrial research. I’m here to send Qingqing off.”

Gong Ling’s expression was a little unnatural as she spoke.

“Little Tui, remember to take some photos of the scenery in the Extra-terrestrial when you get there. Qingqing, report your safety to me when you reach the Extra-terrestrial. If you have time, video call me. Let me see your learning environment.”

With that, Gong Ling waved her hand. “Hurry up and sign in. I won’t delay you any longer. I’ll go back first.”

Gong Ling smiled and turned to leave. The moment she turned around, the smile on her face disappeared and turned into an indescribable sense of loss. There was also a hint of sadness and sorrow.

Gong Ling had the strongest feeling when she saw Xu Tui and Zuo Qingqing standing side by side.

Xu Tui, who was constantly using his blurry mental perception, naturally sensed some changes in Gong Ling. However, there was nothing he could do.

At this moment, Xu Tui understood that this was probably another layer of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College that was similar to the college entrance examination. This separation was like two different worlds.

Gong Ling’s current mood was probably similar to Chai Xiao’s mood when he left just now. Of course, there were many people who felt the same way as Gong Ling.

Xu Tui realized that most of the second-year, third-year, and even fourth-year seniors who had gone to the Extra-terrestrial research institute had come alone. Only the first-year students were sent by their friends. However, the consequence of sending them off might be that they would be more stimulated.

What Xu Tui did not know was that Gong Ling had sent Shi Hong a message not long after she left the check-in hall.

“Uncle Shi, I want the cultivation method and cultivation materials for the plant spirit summoning.”

“You’ve already used up your free benefits. If you want this, you have to pay with equivalent money or complete the corresponding mission to contribute to the organization.” Shi Hong replied quickly.

“Send them all over. I’ll try.”

“Alright.” Soon, Shi Hong sent Gong Ling a document with a message. “Be careful.”

“Thank you.”

After signing in at the check-in hall, the first-year students who were going to the Extra-terrestrial were arranged to board a bus. They would first take a bus to the Sky Harbor. There, they would complete the final preparations and set off for the Extra-terrestrial.

On the way, Xu Tui received a message from Cheng Mo.

“Little Tui, I won’t send you off. I’ll work hard to cultivate and strive to go to the Extra-terrestrial with you next year!”

“Alright, I’ll wait for you!”