Chapter 429 - Challenging The Rankings

Chapter 429: Challenging the Rankings

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui slept until dawn with 3% oxygen supply. However, he still felt that he was not sleeping well. The quality of his sleep was not high. It should be caused by lack of oxygen.

But compared to the many students who were yawning and had dark circles under their eyes, Xu Tui was in a much better state. Many students could not sleep at all under the 3% oxygen supply. Many of the people who were asleep triggered a life alarm and were sent to the oxygen chamber for treatment.

On the 21st day of his arrival at the extraterrestrial moon base, Xu Tui felt as if he had come back to life.

For the past 20 days, he had started training at 6:30 a.m. every day. He had trained himself to the point of fainting every day. Today was the 19th of January 2138. From today to the 25th of January, all students were free to move around and arrange their time.

Of course, the range of activity was limited to what the Moon base allowed. There were only two missions that the instructor gave.

The first was to re-evaluate his ability level.

The second was to challenge the Prodigy List.

They would arrange the other matters themselves.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to test his ability level. He had seven days anyway. He was not in a hurry to challenge the Prodigy List either. The rules of the Prodigy List were identical to many of the rules of the Longhu List of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Or rather, the rules of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Longhu List were derived from the rules of the Blue Star Prodigy List.

Xu Tui had to fight for the Blue Star Prodigy List.

Currently, he has not received the reward of the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. However, just its value alone was shocking. Therefore, even if this year’s Blue Star Prodigy List gathered all the genius genetic newcomers in the six major sectors of the Blue Star, Xu Tui still had to fight for it.

Other than that, students who managed to make it onto the Blue Star Prodigy List could become captains when they went to Mars for actual training.

To be honest, Xu Tui did not like to be a captain. However, he did not like useless teammates.

As the captain, Xu Tui could reduce the risk to the greatest extent. But he planned to hide for a few days. It was too early to fight. It was quite troublesome to be challenged by concentrated fire.

There was no limit to the number of challengers. The defenders had to accept the challenge five times a day. Every time their ranking advanced by 30, the number of challenges had to increase once a day.

The number of challenges that the top ten of the Prodigy List had to accept would increase one more. The number of challenges that the first place on the Prodigy List had to accept would increase three more.

In essence, the top ten of the Prodigy List had to accept the challenge nine times a day. The first place on the Prodigy List had to accept the challenge 12 times a day.

To put it bluntly, Xu Tui had already set his goal of being first on the Prodigy List after he found out about the rewards. But it was 12 battles a day. And they were all elite geniuses from the various regions of the Blue Star. He would have to kneel if he was not careful. Therefore, Xu Tui planned to stay low for a few days.

Of course, the idea of staying low for a few days was not to avoid a tag-team battle. If they wanted to fight for the first place on the Blue Star Prodigy List in the 2138th year, a tag-team battle was inevitable.

Xu Tui wanted to improve himself as much as possible in the next few days.

Under 3% oxygen supply, combat and ability were completely different. It was rare that there was no training today. Early in the morning, Xu Tui took a shower in the narrow washroom. While he was showering, he suddenly thought of the student who had been locked up in the septic tank to be baptized by various chemical compounds.

It was really tragic.

However, he had companions. During the 20 days of training, 15 students had been baptized by the various compounds in the septic tank.

The Africa Sector, which has less than a hundred people, accounted for four of them. The India Sector was the strangest. Five of them were locked up in a septic tank.

However, what was even more strange was that most of the students in the other sectors who had been locked up in septic tanks had given up. But after the students from the India Sector were locked up in the septic tank, none of them gave up. All of them persisted.

The breakfast at the Moon base was quite sumptuous. There was milk, eggs, bread, vegetables, fruits, and even Xu Tui’s favorite soup dumplings. From this, it could be seen that the supplies at the Moon base were still very sufficient.

Whether it was the fact that the Moon base was self-sufficient or that they had been transported over from the Blue Star, the fact that they had sufficient supplies meant that the current situation in the extra-terrestrial was rather stable.

After breakfast, Xu Tui spent an hour in the dormitory and activated an oxygen-powered genetic base point for himself.

At this point, he had activated his eighth oxygen-powered genetic base point.

Xu Tui rushed to the training ground after activating the eighth genetic base point. It had to be said that a genius was a genius.

By the time Xu Tui arrived at the training ground, most of the facilities had been used up. The students from the various sectors were training themselves with their lives. They all understood what Xu Tui understood.

Many students had already fainted again. Of course, there was no need to worry about safety. If a student fainted from training, the artificial intelligence cameras above the training ground would immediately report it. Then, robots would fly out to save the fainted students.

The training ground of the Moon base could definitely satisfy the training needs of all the new students.

After walking a few steps, Xu Tui found a set of weight-bearing equipment and started training with all his might. Especially the training of rapid physical output.

For example, changing directions, climbing mountains, and climbing rocks with weights. It was as difficult as it could be.

In the afternoon, Xu Tui continued to train with his life on the line. However, there were also changes to the Prodigy List. As the names changed, someone began to appear on the rankings.

In a few hours, the 100 spots on the Prodigy List were filled. They were really proactive.@@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he carefully looked at the name information behind the Prodigy List.

India Sector!

Almost half of the first wave of students who rushed onto the Prodigy List were from the India Sector. Brother Hindustan’s spirit of being a target for everyone was worth affirming.

That night, Xu Tui slept soundly with 3% oxygen supply. He was very energetic when he woke up. He did not feel tired. The quality of his sleep was almost the same as when he was on the Blue Star. This meant that Xu Tui had basically adapted to the harsh environment of 3% oxygen concentration when he activated the eighth genetic base point.

In the morning, he activated his ninth oxygen-powered genetic base point. He then continued to train at the training ground.

On the third day of the free activity, Xu Tui felt that his life and the battles of minor intensity were no different from those on the Blue Star. Only during extreme battles would the use of abilities be affected by the concentration of oxygen.

At the same time, Xu Tui completed another major task. The original quantum frequency of mountains and water was connected.

Qu Qingshan had specially instructed Xu Tui about this before he came. The original quantum frequencies of mountains and water that he sensed and comprehended on the Blue Star were also effective in the extra-terrestrial. However, there were still certain differences.

He had to sense and fuse again so that he would not be affected when he used it. At the same time, the more original quantum frequencies the fusion connected to the mountain, the faster the fusion connected to the next mountain.

According to Qu Qingshan’s instructions, after sensing the original quantum frequency of the mountain that had fused with the moon, the time needed to sense the initial quantum frequency of the mountain that had fused with Mars would be greatly reduced.

On the third day, Xu Tui continued to train in the training field after he activated the 10th genetic base point of the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain.

As time passed, the students became more and more adaptable to the harsh environment of 3% concentration. More and more students went up to the arena to challenge. The names on the Prodigy List changed faster and faster.

On the first day, there were nearly 50 Hindustani on the rankings. There were only 23 now on the rankings. He did not know if it was arrogance or strength. The current first place on the Prodigy List was the genius student from the India Sector, Darkwin.

Darkwin was the number one genius among the first-year students of the New India Genetic Evolution College in the India Sector. He was also one of those who got the competitive spots. It was not an exaggeration to say that he was the number one genius in the India Sector.

It made sense that he was currently ranked first on the Prodigy List.

In the afternoon, during the break between training and rest, the students from the Huaxia Sector, especially the students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College that Xu Tui was familiar with, finally had time to gather.

Here, they were natural comrades and allies.

All the dirty things in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were automatically ignored as long as it was not a life-and-death feud.

There were only four spots for the competition rewards of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. One of them was even given to Bian Yuan. However, in reality, more than 50 first-year students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College came to study in the extraterrestrial.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College enjoyed a lot of recommendation spots. There were also many professors at the Genetic Transmutation Realm in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There were also other private recommendation channels.

For example, Zuo Qingqing.

Another example was Yuan Shu.

That’s right. Yuan Shu, who had once had a conflict with Xu Tui, had also come to the Extra-terrestrial. There was also Wen Shao’s special student, Xiang Chun.

However, compared to Yuan Shu’s laughter when he saw Xu Tui, Xiang Chun still felt a little awkward when he saw Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, I know that you will definitely fight for the top ten of the Prodigy List or even the first place on the Prodigy List. Here, this is the personal strength information of the genius students who are qualified to fight for the top ten of the Prodigy List that I have gathered over the past few days.

“Most of the information about their strength is before they came to the extra-terrestrial. It has a time limit. I hope it will be useful to you.”

Yuan Shu took the initiative to express his goodwill.

Xu Tui was a little surprised. Judging from the situation, Yuan Shu should have been gathering information before he came to the extra-terrestrial.

“Thank you!”

Xu Tui received the information. They were both from the Huaxia Sector and had come to the Extra-terrestrial. If Xu Tui still did not let go of the grudge, wouldn’t there be a hole in his brain?

“In addition, I have another database of outstanding students from various sectors. All of you can receive it later. Check it when you challenge the target. It would be best if you can use it.” Yuan Shu was very generous and knew how to do things. He immediately received the gratitude of a group of people.

“By the way, Xu Tui, when are you going to challenge the rankings?” Peter, the first-year Tiger, suddenly asked. “Currently, not many people in the Huaxia Sector are on the Prodigy List. They are actually waiting for you to be the first to challenge the rankings and pave the way.”

“Pave the way? Then I’ll start challenging the rankings tomorrow afternoon.”

“Alright, inform them that we’ll collectively go to the rankings tomorrow afternoon,” Yuan Shu suddenly said. “When the time comes, if we can’t figure out their strength, send someone to challenge them and scout the way!”

Xu Tui was stunned.

Damn!

They had already started a group battle?