Chapter 421 - Cheng Mo’S Mysterious Ability

Chapter 421: Cheng Mo’s Mysterious Ability

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“I don’t keep my word?” The voice sounded familiar, but Xu Tui could not remember who it was. “This… Can you tell me who you are first?”

“You don’t even remember who I am!” The slightly low voice of the man on the other end of the line became even more faint, like that of a resentful woman. “Xu Tui, you accepted all the benefits I gave you. I did what I promised. But you’ve forgotten who I am! You guys must have earned a lot from the Mutated Fire Ape, right?”

Xu Tui finally remembered who the voice belonged to when he heard the words “Mutated Fire Ape”.

Damn! Shi Hong!

It was Shi Hong, the person-in-charge of the Huaya Sector’s external liaison team that Xu Tui had encountered during his first mission.

Shi Hong had given him the exact location of the Mutated Fire Ape before he left.

“Brother… Shi, it’s you! You scared me. You’re scaring me. I didn’t go back on my word,” Xu Tui said in confusion.

“You did.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Brother Shi, you have to explain this clearly. You can’t talk nonsense.”

“Let me ask you. Did Cheng Mo receive the special ability cultivation resources and cultivation methods I sent him?” Shi Hong asked.

“Yes, he did. I know that.”

“Then if he succeeds, according to your agreement back then, you will join our Myth when Cheng Mo succeeds,” Shi Hong said.

“That’s right. That’s what I said, but I didn’t know that Cheng Mo had mastered it. Something happened to me some time ago, so I was a little busy and didn’t pay attention to this,” Xu Tui explained.

“I believe that you didn’t notice if Cheng Mo had mastered the technique. However, I have contacted you more than ten times. Why didn’t you give me a reply?” Shi Hong asked.

“You contacted me no less than ten times? Why didn’t I know?” Xu Tui was confused. “This should be your first time calling me, right?”

“I called you on the encrypted channel because I had no choice but to contact you. I’ve sent you a message, added you on WeChat, added you on QQ, and even sent you a private message on Weibo. But you didn’t reply to any of my messages!”

Shi Hong’s voice was filled with resentment. “Do you know that if you don’t respond to me, I’ll have worked for nothing this year? I had sent out a large number of resources, but I did not achieve my goal! In a day or two, I’ll get a low-grade assessment this year.”

“Brother Shi, let me take a look. I didn’t receive any notification.”

Xu Tui quickly flipped through the information on these communication apps.

A normal text message. Nothing. There were hundreds of blocked spam messages.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He clicked on it. The most eye-catching ones made the corners of his mouth twitch.

“I’m Hong. Add me. Let’s find a place to talk!”

“I’m Shi. Let’s set a time to talk…”

It was the same for friend requests on WeChat. “I’m Shi, I’m Hong, accept my request.”

The key was that it was a cartoon avatar.

Ever since Xu Tui became famous after his battle with the India Sector’s exchange and visitation team, there had been an endless stream of people adding Xu Tui on WeChat. It was even more so after becoming a first-year dragon.

Xu Tui ignored these ambiguous applications. He threw it aside after a glance.

“I treated it as junk messages. Can’t you just say that it’s something special…”

Shi Hong was speechless.

“By the way, Cheng Mo has mastered the special ability of the stomach?” Xu Tui had not asked Cheng Mo about this during this period of time.

“He did, and it’s in a complete state. He’s directly obtained two related abilities. If he mutates and evolves in the future, it will definitely be awesome,” Shi Hong said.

“What ability exactly?”

“Go ask him yourself when you’re done. I’ll only ask you one question. Does your promise still count?” Shi Hong said unhappily.

“Of course it counts.”

Hearing this, Shi Hong, who was on the other end of the line, finally heaved a sigh of relief. “That’s good. That’s good. There won’t be any problems with my performance evaluation this year. I see. According to my information, you’re leaving for the Extra-terrestrial tomorrow?”

“Yes.”

It was not a secret that a first-year dragon from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College would be qualified for extraterrestrial research.

“Hmm, I see. I’ll send you an intention form later. Fill it out and complete my performance evaluation first. Let’s talk about the details in the Extra-terrestrial,” Shi Hong said.

“Extraterrestrial?” Xu Tui was a little confused. “Brother Shi, you don’t even dare to come to the Capital, yet you still dare to go to the Extra-terrestrial?”

“What’s there to be afraid of? The Extra-terrestrial is different from the capital. Moreover, as long as one’s strength reached the Genetic Evolution Realm, they could enter and leave Earth through various channels. Of course, it’s self-funded.”

“Then how do we contact each other in the Extra-terrestrial?”

“I’ll contact you when you’re in the Extra-terrestrial. Don’t forget about the intention form later. That’s it, bye.”

With that, Shi Hong happily hung up.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui received a form in his email.

Xu Tui first called Cheng Mo.

“Mozi, did you succeed with the cultivation materials and cultivation resources the Myths gave you?”

“That’s right. I did.”

“Damn, why didn’t you tell me?” Xu Tui gritted his teeth.

“I mentioned it to you, but you didn’t care.”

“You did?” Xu Tui frowned slightly.

“I told you about it the weekend I went to see Grandma Luo with you.”

Xu Tui was speechless. He roughly understood the reason. During those few days, he had focused all his energy on what had happened to Luo Shifeng and the investigation of the mastermind and the whereabouts of the Painted Skin.

Cheng Mo must have casually mentioned it, so he did not mind.

“Alright, tell me now. What ability is it?”

“This… I have an ability. I might not be able to explain it clearly. I’ll tell you in your dormitory. Is it convenient?”

“Scram! Hurry up if you want to come. Why do you care if it’s convenient or not?”

…

Ten minutes later, Cheng Mo arrived at Xu Tui’s dormitory. He had been busy previously and had not noticed Cheng Mo. Xu Tui did not observe Cheng Mo when they met occasionally. So he was shocked when he saw Cheng Mo today.

He had lost weight! He was also handsome! It was almost the same as when he graduated from high school.

One had to know that a month after Cheng Mo activated the genetic base points in his stomach and entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he had increased by almost 25 kilograms.

A handsome young man weighing 140 pounds had become a fatty weighing 200 pounds.

Although he managed to control the increase in his weight through his masochistic cultivation, he was still fat. However, he had clearly lost weight today.

“Tell me about it. What ability is it?”

“The cultivation method and elixir they gave me allowed me to form a genetic ability chain in my stomach. However, this genetic ability chain gave me two abilities. The first ability should have enhanced some kind of digestive ability in my stomach, or rather, it’s a purifying ability,” Cheng Mo said.

Xu Tui did not quite understand. “It increased your digestive ability? It increased your utilization of food? However, if your appetite hasn’t decreased, you shouldn’t be able to slim down, right?”

“It’s not purely digestive!” Cheng Mo shook his head. “I checked the information and consulted several professors. Their conclusion was that my ability allowed my stomach to be purified or refined to a certain extent.”

“What do you mean?”

“Let’s talk about refinement. The digestive system is more complicated. In terms of the genetic ability chain in my stomach, we will obtain energy through food after we digest it. This energy would be used up by our human bodies and our genetic base points. What can’t be consumed will become fat and be stored.”

“That’s right.”

“Then, the ability of the Genetic Ability Chain in my stomach should be considered a refinement ability. It can make the energy I obtain through food purer, more condensed, and easier to be absorbed by genetic base points.

“To put it simply, it turned out that I could obtain 10 energy points by eating a portion of food. Among these 10 energy points, 50% of them contained impurities. These impurities might be some nutrients that would make me fat.

“Even if I absorbed all the energy from the genetic base points that I was cultivating, due to the impurities, I only obtained five points of energy. Now, I have the ability to refine it. The energy I obtain from eating a portion of food is 10 points. However, there were only 30% impurities left.

“Then, after all the genetic base points that I was cultivating absorbed the energy, the energy that I could use to increase my strength reached seven points. This way, not only could I reduce the amount of impurities that made me fat, but my cultivation speed would also become faster and stronger.

“Little Tui, let me tell you. In the past month, I’ve already activated a one and a half genetic ability chain. In another two months, I will be a Level A Genetic Liberator!” Cheng Mo said excitedly.

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Damn, this ability of yours can actually increase the efficiency of cultivation. It’s awesome!” He smiled as he complimented him.

Xu Tui was truly happy for Cheng Mo to have such an ability. There were not many genetic ability chains that could increase one’s cultivation speed.

“What about the second ability?” Xu Tui asked.

“The second ability…”

Cheng Mo looked around and suddenly picked up a palm-sized packet of tissues from Xu Tui’s desk. His mouth suddenly opened wide when Xu Tui was confused.

Under Xu Tui’s dumbfounded gaze, Cheng Mo swallowed the palm-sized packet of tissues.

Holy shit! Xu Tui exclaimed repeatedly. That packet of tissues was definitely bigger than Cheng Mo’s mouth! He could actually swallow it.

Was he a troll?

“How is it? Are you surprised?” Cheng Mo asked.@@novelbin@@

“F*ck, there’s only shock! Have you become an all-consuming fellow after activating this genetic ability chain? Could you even digest the tissues and the environmentally-friendly packet? I didn’t know if the tissues are made of wood pulp, but that environmentally-friendly packet was definitely something that could be reused. God knows what it was made of. You actually ate it. What the…” Xu Tui was dumbfounded.

“Who said I ate it?”

Cheng Mo looked at Xu Tui and opened his mouth slightly. He spat out the packet of tissues that he had just swallowed.

Holy shit!

This time, Xu Tui was truly dumbfounded. There was also this operation!

“There’s no saliva or gastric juice on it!” Cheng Mo handed the tissue to Xu Tui. He could not help but look at Xu Tui with disdain when he saw the look of disdain on Xu Tui’s face. “Don’t pretend to be clean. When I was in school, I drank water and smoked cigarettes. Which time didn’t you snatch them away and use it?”

“Don’t talk nonsense! I’ve drunk the water you drank. I’ve definitely never touched the cigarettes you smoked!” Xu Tui quickly denied.

“Mozi, can your stomach store things?” Xu Tui asked.

“I think it can store things, but I haven’t figured it out.”

“How much can it store?”

“At the moment, it’s only the size of two packets of tissues. I can’t swallow any more,” Cheng Mo replied.

“Only two packets of palm-sized tissues?”

This made Xu Tui a little disappointed. Even if this was a superpower, it was still too useless. It was useless.

“However, when I first obtained this ability, I could only swallow a pen, a pack of cigarettes, or a lighter,” Cheng Mo said.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that. “It can grow?”

“I studied a lot of information. In the end, I tried to cultivate my mind power. I discovered that cultivating my mind power allowed me to swallow more and more things! It’s only been a month, but the volume has already doubled,” Cheng Mo said.