Chapter 424 - Subconscious Modification (2)

Chapter 424: Subconscious Modification (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The most terrifying thing was that Cheng Mo originally liked beautiful women. But when his subconscious was affected, Cheng Mo might really like handsome men! He might even like a handsome fatty!

This was extremely terrifying!

Of course, Xu Tui, who had learned the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, knew that it was very difficult to alter one’s subconscious. The more the target rejected the influence of the subconscious, the shorter their existence. If they wanted the influence to be longer, they would need the active cooperation of the target.

This was also the reason why Song Zhenglin wanted the students to cooperate.@@novelbin@@

Almost as soon as Song Zhenglin finished speaking, Xu Tui sensed two mind power magnetic fields that were connected to each other sweep past him like a warm spring breeze. Perhaps it was because he had noticed it in advance, so his mind power domain shrank slightly, showing a little resistance.

“Some students have very strong mind power, but please do not resist! Once you resist, the confidentiality regulations will fail.” Song Zhenglin’s voice sounded again.

Xu Tui felt that he might be referring to him. He quickly cooperated.

The moment Xu Tui relaxed his mind power domain, a warm spring breeze blew past. He had a moment of daze. Countless lights and voices seemed to flash past his eyes. Most of them could not be heard clearly. The only thing that could be heard clearly was the thunderous confidentiality regulations.

Suddenly, the light and shadow dissipated. It was as if he had woken up from a dream. His mind power suddenly trembled, and he opened his eyes.

Xu Tui understood that he had been hypnotized by Song Zhenglin and Kong Wanyan just now. There was already something in his heart. When he thought about the confidentiality rules, the contents of the confidentiality rules had already appeared in his mind. Even the code number was extremely clear.

Many of the punishment rules listed in the confidentiality regulations were very clear, including the consequences of breaking the law in the confidentiality regulations.

He had probably succeeded.

Five minutes later, Song Zhenglin and Kong Wanyan left.

“Alright, students, please board the ship under the guidance of our staff. In addition, all the students were heading to the Extraterrestrial Research Institute. The fees were all public expenses. However, the space on the sky shuttle was limited. Therefore, the luggage was limited in weight and size. Students whose luggage was overweight, please reduce your luggage or pay extra.”

The Juntian Spaceport was really meticulous.

Xu Tui thought as he walked. Luo Murong had brought so much luggage with him. His must have been overweight. Then, he had another thought.

Would they charge extra for fatties? If a guy who weighed more than 150 kilograms came, would they charge an overweight fee?

Civilian sky shuttles were generally divided into three levels: large, medium, and small. It was usually differentiated by the number of passengers.

The standard carrier for 300 passengers was a small-sized sky shuttle. The standard carrier for 3,000 passengers was a medium-sized sky shuttle. The standard carrier for more than 10,000 passengers was a large-sized sky shuttle.

Xu Tui and the others took a medium-sized sky shuttle this time. The standard passenger capacity was 3,000 people. The maximum speed after leaving the Blue Star was 32 Mach, and the cruising speed was between 20 and 27 Mach.

(Note: Mach numbers are not fixed in different external environments. For ease of reading and understanding, a fixed value is taken for Mach numbers in this book. 1 Mach = 1,200 kilometers per hour.)

32 Mach was not the upper limit of the speed of space flight in the Great Genetic Age. Instead, it was the upper limit of the speed of this medium-sized civilian spacecraft. Cruising speed of 20 to 27 Mach was a relatively economical cruising speed for a sky shuttle.

The layout of the interior of the sky shuttle was similar to that of a plane a hundred years ago.

However, the shortest journey would usually take more than 12 hours. Furthermore, the pressure-loss, weightlessness, and other environments in space made the seats of the sky shuttle much more luxurious and comfortable. They also had many functions.

Although it was an economy cabin, the seats were definitely the same as those in business class of the past.

Of course, these were the seats that Xu Tui had been allocated. It was said that in the sky shuttle, there was a VIP first-class cabin area. It was the kind where one could take a bath, stretch out their legs, and lie down comfortably. He did not know if he could experience it in the future.

If he had the chance, Xu Tui could consider buying a ticket and experiencing the VIP section.

This time, all the teachers and students of the Huaxia Sector who were qualified to study in the Extra-terrestrial were heading to the Extra-terrestrial together.

It was all!

This included the second-year and third-year students who had already obtained the qualifications for the extraterrestrial research.

They would take this sky shuttle to the Extra-terrestrial.

It was not just the students from the Capital. The teachers and students recommended by the Genetic Evolution Colleges from all over the Huaxia Sector, as well as the students recommended by the Huaxia Sector’s Genetic Transformation Realm experts and various qualified organizations, were all on this sky shuttle.

It was said that there were already more than 3,000 people. In any case, the people sitting beside Xu Tui were all unfamiliar faces. Many students who were good with words had already become familiar with the students around them and started exchanging contact information.

They were establishing connections. After all, those who could study in the extraterrestrial world were definitely the best in the various genetic evolution universities. Establishing a relationship now would be very helpful in the future.

The entire sky shuttle was divided into 13 cabins.

Classes C1 to C10 were economy class. It was slightly crowded, with more than 300 people in a class.

B1 and B2 were business class while A1 was a VIP first-class cabin. Xu Tui had never seen them before.

A group of students had just sat down. They were extremely excited as they studied the various functional equipment on the seats of the sky shuttle.

Suddenly, a female flight attendant, who was wearing a uniform and had a graceful figure, walked towards Xu Tui and the others. She immediately attracted the attention of a group of students.

A few bold and handsome men had already started to greet her. The more direct ones asked for her name and added her on WeChat, while the more indirect ones praised her.

That flight attendant smiled in response to all these greetings. She did not respond, but a smile would not make anyone angry.

A professional like the flight attendant was really awesome! Not to mention anything else, just this gentle smile alone was enough to conquer countless single people.

As she smiled, she walked straight to Xu Tui and squatted down slightly.

“Hello, Mr. Xu. We’ve found out that you’re a VIP with high-grade Level D rights. According to the rules, you can be promoted to business class for free and enjoy better and more professional services.” That flight attendant smiled.

Xu Tui’s surroundings instantly became silent.

“Upgrade the cabin for free?”

“Yes, Mr. Xu. It depends on your personal wishes. However, this is your first time going to the extra-terrestrial. I suggest that you change. You will have a better view of the universe there.”

“I see. Then let’s do that.”

“Alright, I’ll arrange it for you immediately. Where is your carry-on package?” That flight attendant said with a smile.

“Thank you. I’ll do it myself.”

“You don’t have to thank me. This is the right you should enjoy after you contribute to our Blue Star!”

Xu Tui, who had just stood up, was slightly stunned. When the unfamiliar students around Xu Tui heard what that flight attendant said, they were slightly stunned. They seemed to be deep in thought.