Chapter 425 - The First Punishment

Chapter 425: The First Punishment

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Being upgraded to business class for free by the crew of the sky shuttle was the most satisfying experience Xu Tui had had ever since he obtained the high-grade Level D rights.

High-level individual rights were very comfortable. When he arrived at business class B2, Xu Tui looked around and cursed. He was the only one who did not know about this.

Xu Tui knew many people in business class B2. An Xiaoxue, Luo Murong, Dai Lijun, and Wen Shao were all in business class B2. These people were either high-level individuals or tycoons. Payment could also be used to upgrade the cabin.

Xu Tui wanted to sit with An Xiaoxue. They could chat on the way. At least it would not be awkward.

Unfortunately, there was already someone sitting beside An Xiaoxue. It was a woman who looked like she was almost cooked. She was chatting happily with An Xiaoxue, who was wearing a large mask.

Xu Tui could only continue walking. He suddenly saw someone greeting him. When he looked again, he saw that it was Chi Hongying and Zuo Qingqing.

He was a little confused. This should be the first time that these two beauties had been to the Extra-terrestrial. According to Xu Tui’s understanding, their individual rights were not high. Those who were able to sit in business class were most likely paid to come.

Of course, with Xu Tui’s current net worth, he should be able to afford it. However, he was used to being frugal with his parents since he was young. He would save as much as he could. It was a good habit.

But now, Xu Tui felt that he had to change this habit in the future. He could spend some money to make himself more comfortable. Otherwise, why would he earn so much money?

Coincidentally, there were empty seats behind Chi Hongying and Zuo Qingqing. The huge transparent porthole had a very good view.

The seats in business class were indeed a little more comfortable and spacious than those in economy class. They could also be half-reclined at 45 degrees, and there was an independent silent video immersion chamber.

Students or teachers entered the business class one after another. The business class that was originally half empty was gradually filled with people.

Not long after, a boy sat on the seat beside Xu Tui.

Xu Tui sighed to himself. The possibility of him meeting a beautiful girl was gone. Of course, there were two beautiful girls sitting in the front row. One of them was his sister-in-law.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui was the type of person who could not speak properly. He did not have the ability to make a beauty laugh just by opening his mouth. He was only looking at beautiful girls for eye candy.

“Hello, we’re fated to meet. My name is Yang Huai. I’m the third year martial champion of the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College!”

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. He had some understanding of the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College because of Tang Ting.

The Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College was similar to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There was also a competitive ranking like the Longhu List in the school. However, the ranking of the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College was called the Stalwart Star Ranking.

The top student of the Extreme Branch or the overall ranking was called Martial Champion, the top student of the Mystery Branch or the overall rankings was called Literature Champion. The second place students of the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College were more miserable. They did not have flashy titles.

They were not like the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, where the first was a dragon, and the second was a tiger.

“Hello, my name is Xu Tui. I am a first-year dragon from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.”

The moment he introduced himself, Yang Huai’s gaze shifted. He sized Xu Tui up again.

“It’s better to meet in person than to hear the rumors. The Flying Sword Warrior of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College doesn’t look as ferocious as he does online!” Yang Huai smiled.

“I’m ferocious online?”

“You killed three people in five battles during the battle with the India Sector. You’re not just ferocious. If you were in our military, you would definitely be given the title of the Brave Champion of the Three Armies,” Yang Huai praised.

Xu Tui grinned when he heard that. “I can’t bear the title of the Brave Champion of the Three Armies. It’s just a coincidence.”

“How can there be so many coincidences in this world?” After he sat down, Yang Zhun sized Xu Tui up and said, “I can sense your aura. You should have undergone a genetic mutation, right?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“A Level C genetic mutant or a Level B genetic mutant?”

“Level C.”

“Impressive. It’s only been half a year since you entered the school! However, you would be re-evaluated when you reached the Extra-terrestrial,” Yang Huai said.

“Re-evaluation?” Xu Tui was a little curious.

“The evaluation of strength in the Extra-terrestrial is different. Every student who goes to study in the Extra-terrestrial will face a new evaluation. Tsk tsk, that was a heavy blow! And that instructor, he’s definitely…”

Yang Huai seemed to find it unbearable.

“Martial Champion Yang, what kind of rules are there for us to study in the extraterrestrial world?” Yang Huai was already in his third year of university. It seemed like this was not his first time in the extraterrestrial world. Xu Tui took the opportunity to ask him.

“Don’t call me Martial Champion Yang. You’re too distant! Do you want me to call you Dragon Xu? Call me Old Yang!” Yang Huai smiled.

“Are you very old?”

“I’m older than you anyway!”

Xu Tui laughed.

“Extraterrestrial research is the beginning of another path. We will take the genetic college entrance examination as the first level of screening. In the Genetic Evolution College, we will silently complete the second screening.

“At least half or more of the students who studied and graduated in the various Genetic Evolution Universities would eventually step into society and walk into their respective jobs. The scope of their activities was mainly in the Blue Star.

“However, obtaining the qualifications for extraterrestrial research is the true path of genetic evolution!

“As for what to study, the arrangement is different every year, but it’s definitely worth it. Many genetic evolvers outside of the organization don’t even have the chance to participate,” Yang Huai said.

“Thank you!”

“I’m looking forward to the true strength of a first-year dragon from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College!”

“True strength?”

“You’ll know when the time comes.”

…

Half an hour later, the sky shuttle entered the takeoff stage. After buckling the five-point seat belt, the sky shuttle took off after a slight vibration.

Five minutes later, they left Earth and entered outer space. Another ten minutes later, the sky shuttle entered cruising speed. After he slowly adapted to the slight discomfort, the magnificent scenery of the universe did not enter Xu Tui’s eyes.

The first thing Xu Tui saw in outer space was darkness and coldness. However, a few minutes later, a light began to flicker outside the porthole. Even with the filter from the porthole, some of the light was still very dazzling.

“Looking through the window is actually very limited! When you can fly a sky aircraft or appear in the universe with your physical body, what you see then will be spectacular.” Yang Huai was a spoiler.

The first stop in his research was the moon! The Moon was about 380,000 kilometers away from the Blue Star. At the cruising speed of this sky shuttle, it would take about 13 hours to reach the Moon base.

The Moon base had once been hailed as the last fortress to resist an alien invasion. Currently, it was also the most developed base in the extraterrestrial base. The headquarters of the Blue Star Genetic Committee was located on the Moon base. The advanced technology was concentrated on the Moon base.

The scenery in outer space was spectacular, but that was all there was to it. It was just like how the locals never felt that the local scenic spots were good. On the contrary, tourists from other places would be very interested in taking a look. Of course, there were still relatively few tourists from other places.

After getting a little bored, Xu Tui decided to lower his head and immerse himself in the rest chamber. He tried to cultivate. He wanted to know if there was any difference between cultivating in outer space and cultivating on the Blue Star.

The result was that there was no difference. He could cultivate mind power, activate genetic base points, or cultivate energy field power. However, it could also be because they were in the sky shuttle.

Xu Tui did not dare to cultivate too much because he was on the road. The Energy Restoration Elixir was in his backpack and was not suitable for activating or strengthening his Genetic Base Points.

He decided to cultivate the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

Xu Tui had been cultivating the quantum entanglement state of his mind power for more than a month, but he had yet to master it. However, this journey was not a good environment for cultivation.

Xu Tui did not manage to cultivate anything. After sleeping for a few hours on the way and enjoying the exquisite food provided by that flight attendant, the sky shuttle arrived at the moon base after a 13-hour flight.

Looking at the moon base from the sky shuttle, it was also a steel forest. It looked no different from Earth.

Xu Tui and the other students who had come to the Extra-terrestrial for the first time were enlightened by the staff members’ explanations.

However, the students who could come here accepted new things very quickly.

Half a day later, all the students who came to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College were arranged to stay in the school building on the moon.

The accommodation environment was not bad. Everyone had an independent dormitory and an independent bathroom. However, it was very small. Coupled with the bathroom, it was only nine square meters. At the very least, it was independent.

However, Xu Tui had only rested for less than five minutes when the broadcast in the dormitory sounded.@@novelbin@@

“All new students, report to the training ground within three minutes. If you’re late by a second, you’ll be given an additional round of training. If you’re late three times, you’ll be sent back to the Blue Star!”

The explosive volume stunned Xu Tui. It felt like he had been struck by lightning in his sleep. He was a little confused. However, he was only stunned for a moment before he rushed out of the door.

Just as he rushed out of the door, he was stunned again. A map! He looked at the map, but he did not pay too much attention to it, so he did not remember where the training field was.

“Ah Huang, navigate!”

“No problem.”

However, Xu Tui noticed another problem in the next moment. They were all people! The 1.5-meter-long dormitory corridor was filled with students rushing out of the dormitory. Some of the students were even getting dressed.

There was a traffic jam!

What was worse was that many students did not know where the training ground was. They were completely stunned.

The students who had just arrived were in a mess. Even though Ah Huang had pointed Xu Tui in the right direction, Xu Tui could not get out.

“If you did not leave the dormitory building within 30 seconds, there is a high chance that you will be late,” Ah Huang reminded kindly.

Xu Tui, who was blocked by the crowd, was very anxious. He did not know what an extra round of training was, but judging from how he would be sent back to the Blue Star if he was three times late, it was definitely not easy!

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s gaze changed. With a thought, he stepped into the air and bent down to run above the crowd.

Many of the students who had found their way started to follow Xu Tui’s example. The confused students on the ground instantly became stepping stones. The students from the Extreme Branch simply stepped on the shoulders of the chaotic students and ran.

“F*ck, which bastard is it…”

“Who the f*ck stepped on my head…”

…

Amidst the curses, the students who rushed out of the dormitory building finally turned into a surging torrent. As long as one was not too stupid, they would know that they would be able to rush to the training field with this torrent.

Xu Tui’s field of vision became wider the moment he followed the torrent into the training field. He saw the six human-shaped torrents rushing into the training field. Their clothes and even their skin color were all different.

A thought instantly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. Were all the geniuses of the Genetic Evolution Colleges in the Blue Star gathered at the moon base?

At this moment, a strong man who looked like an iron tower waved a long black whip.

“The ten-second countdown begins! The first punishment for being late is to be whipped first. Whether you can avoid it will depend on your ability!”

Ten!

Nine!

…

Three!

Two!

One!

Xu Tui had just stood still for less than six seconds when the countdown ended. The muscular man who was like an iron tower suddenly waved the whip in his hand. It instantly split into hundreds of black whip shadows that lashed out in all directions.