Chapter 423 - Subconscious Modification (1)

Chapter 423: Subconscious Modification (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Regardless of the era, the price of technological creation was extremely high. The more advanced a technology platform was, the more resources it consumed.

The spaceport, the mothership, the sky shuttle, the aerospace combat jet, and the sky aircraft were products of a technological platform in the Great Genetic Age.

High-tech products like the spaceport, mothership, and sky shuttle were built in years. This also determined how precious they were.

Xu Tui did not know how many spaceports there were on the entire Blue Star. There were only three public spaceports in the Huaxia Sector. He did not know if there were any that were not public.

However, the public spaceport was located near the coastline of Tianjin Prefecture, which was extremely close to the capital. It covered an area of more than 100 square kilometers. It was also the only spaceport in the Huaxia Sector that could take off and land a mothership.

This spaceport was named Juntian Spaceport.

However, the mothership in the Huaxia Sector had only taken off from the Juntian Spaceport once after they were successfully built. They had gone to the Extra-terrestrial and had never returned.

According to the information Xu Tui had on the spaceport, the mothership and the aerospace combat jets were purely for military use. As for the sky shuttle and the sky aircraft, they were for both military and civilian use.

Xu Tui and the others would be taking a sky shuttle this time. The security level of the spaceport was extremely high. Among the various buildings around the port, one could vaguely see the cold glow of steel.

When the car drove past, Xu Tui’s mental perception detected two high-energy laser cannons that were 100,000 kilowatts. If an expert of the Genetic Evolution Realm was hit head-on, their energy field and mental shield would be destroyed. Even a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would probably be finished after taking a few consecutive hits.@@novelbin@@

Along the way, they set up many similar defenses.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. This arrangement should be targeted at the lawless experts among the genetic newcomers.

After verifying his identity and biological genetic information, he passed the security check and entered a rather special hall in the Juntian Spaceport an hour later.

Xu Tui saw another familiar face. The director of the Capital Special Intelligence Division, Tian Suqing.

“Students, you are about to head to the Extra-terrestrial. The Extra-terrestrial is a completely different place from the Blue Star. There were some things that even scientists did not understand. However, most of the people living on the Blue Star, including your parents, friends, and relatives, were ordinary people with limited cognitive abilities.

“Therefore, a lot of information about the Extra-terrestrial was kept secret from the ordinary people of the Blue Star.

“Next, you need to sign a confidentiality agreement. Anyone who violates the agreement will have to bear legal responsibility. You have 20 minutes to read and sign this confidentiality agreement! If you have any objections or don’t want to sign it, you can tell us. I can arrange for someone to send you away now.”

A staff member immediately issued a confidentiality agreement. The confidentiality agreement was only five pages long. There were hundreds of confidentiality regulations listed. The general meaning was that they could not transmit the key information from the Extra-terrestrial back to the Blue Star.

It was listed thoroughly.

For example, anyone who has been to the Extra-terrestrial has to sign the confidentiality agreement.

For example, Genetic Evolution Realm experts are also part of the agreement.

The most crucial point was the last one.

After signing the confidentiality agreement, it was equivalent to acknowledging the subsequent superpower confidentiality. It directly affected all those who signed the confidentiality agreement. Those who disagreed could only leave.

This was inevitable. No one would disagree.

“Alright, since all the students have signed the confidentiality agreement, we will now invite Master Song Zhenglin and Kong Wanyan from the School of Radiation Influence. At the same time, they will cast advanced hypnosis on you using spiritual radiation and spiritual resonance. Then, in your subconscious mind, they will plant a confidentiality agreement.

“From now on, under normal circumstances, confidentiality conditions are like your instinct to drink water when you are thirsty.”

Previously, An Xiaoxue had told Xu Tui that there were confidentiality laws of the Extra-terrestrial. Other than confidentiality agreements, there were also extraordinary methods.

Xu Tui had roughly guessed that it was advanced hypnosis. However, he did not expect that it would be a joint operation between two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts from the School of Radiation Influence.

“Students, we will be using spiritual radiation, spiritual resonance, and advanced hypnosis on you at the same time to affect your subconscious. Don’t worry about safety.

“Elder Kong and I are cooperating with each other and monitoring each other. We won’t give you any subconscious hints. Moreover, we did not have such powerful abilities. In order to reduce the difficulty, please recall the contents of the confidentiality regulations.

“Of course, the probability of failure will increase if you don’t cooperate. It will be more troublesome. If we failed, the worst outcome would be for you to return the way you came. So, please cooperate,” Song Zhenglin said sincerely.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that. It was actually very terrifying to influence the subconsciousness. It was just like directly changing a person’s life rules.

Taking Cheng Mo as an example, he had originally liked a beautiful girl with a good figure. It would be terrifying if one could modify his subconscious at will. It might affect Cheng Mo’s subconscious. Cheng Mo’s favorite type of beautiful woman might change from super curvy to extremely flat!

That was not the scariest part.