Chapter 427 - Various Chemical Compounds And

Chapter 427: Various Chemical Compounds and Extreme Survival Evolution

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had undergone extreme training when he was still at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. At that time, he felt that his willpower was really not bad. However, he realized that he was wrong when the training at the extra-terrestrial base started.

He was ridiculously wrong.

The so-called extreme training he underwent at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was child’s play in the Moon base.

There was only one training limit in the Moon base—fainting!

If he trained himself to the limit and triggered the human body’s self-protection switch, he would faint on the spot. The training could end temporarily.

Pretending to be unconscious is impossible.

The leader of the Huaxia Sector was an instructor named Lu Kang. He was a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

It was clear in one glance who had really fainted due to training, who was pretending to be unconscious.

Lu Kang was from the Extreme Branch, and it was not his first time being an instructor. He did not need to use his energy field to sense his surroundings. He only needed to observe the frequency of his breathing, convulsions, and even the slight trembling of his muscles to determine if it was real or fake.

No one pretended to faint on the first day of training. Pretending to be unconscious on the first day was not just plain stupid, it was something wrong with his brain.

You pretended to faint on the first day. Aren’t you so free that your balls hurt?

However, on the first day, all the students experienced the cruelty of training. They had trained themselves until they fainted. This level of training was simply too much!

Under normal circumstances, when a person’s physical strength reaches its limit, their body would subconsciously reduce the intensity of their movements and reduce their consumption. It was possible for them to train till they were down, but it was impossible for them to faint.

There was only one way to faint. When the body reached its limit, it would erupt again, and it would be a powerful explosion. Only then could he knock himself out!

On the first day, many students fainted from exhaustion. There was no need to worry about the aftermath. Students who fainted from training would be forced to drink a bottle of High-energy Active Elixir.

Xu Tui did not know what the effects of the elixir were, but when he woke up after he fainted from the training, he would not feel any pain in his muscles. This should be a hidden benefit of extraterrestrial research.

His first day was actually quite miserable. He had fainted from exhaustion. His mind power was too powerful. He did not feel dizzy even after he exhausted himself.

On the third day of training, he took the time to send a text message to An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue only replied to Xu Tui, “Don’t hold back when you’re in the Moon base. You’ll faint if you release all of your mind power.”

Of course, Xu Tui had asked An Xiaoxue this question because something terrifying had happened during training the next day. He did not know which Genetic Evolution College recommended this student, but the next day, he pretended to faint after he had trained to his limit!

The instructor, Lu Kang, did not say anything. He only waved at the other instructor. Then, the instructor picked up the student who was pretending to be unconscious and carried him to the top of a sealed lid.

As soon as the sealed lid was opened, the students training nearby shuddered.

It stinks! It was like a septic tank!

Actually, this was a septic tank!

“There would be students who use the septic tank here every year! I didn’t expect to use it on the second day of this year. They’re really smart!”

As Lu Kang spoke, the instructor threw the student who pretended to be unconscious into the specially equipped septic tank.

Many students saw that the student who pretended to be unconscious had woken up the moment he was thrown in.

That smell, that rush! They did not dare to breathe from ten meters away. Yet, that student was thrown in. It would be strange if he did not wake up.

The student who was thrown into the septic tank wanted to struggle and jump out, but the instructor did not give him a chance. With a bang, he closed the lid of the septic tank. And then he locked the tank.

Holy shit!

Everyone gasped in shock! He was sealed into an overflowing septic tank. This treatment was simply amazing.

The instructor looked at the stunned Huaxia students and said slowly with a smile, “Those who can come here are all smart people. However, some people were too smart. Therefore, they had to be brainwashed with various chemical compounds!

“What were the various compounds? Here, this specially-made septic tank is connected to your dormitory building. The chemical compounds stored today are actually all kinds of excrement from last night to this morning.

“There was bathwater, pee, and poop. Of course, if any of you have some strange hobbies, there might be other strange things. Yes, regardless of gender…”

Blargh!

Before Lu Kang could finish his sentence, some of the students who had a rich imagination had already vomited on the spot.

He vomited even though he was only listening. How miserable would the student who was directly locked in the septic tank be?

The corners of Xu Tui’s mouth twitched as he listened. This was too f*cking ruthless!

“A student in the Genetic Liberation Realm can hold his breath for about three minutes if he has undergone training. Therefore, the duration of confinement in the septic tank this time is three minutes and thirty seconds! Pray that he can hold his breath for more than three minutes and thirty seconds!”

As soon as he said that, many students’ faces immediately turned green. The timing was so accurate. Was he going to feed this student the various chemical compounds?

Three and a half minutes later, the lid of the locked septic tank opened. The student immediately struggled to climb out. He crawled out, bringing the compound soup and vomited. He spat out the bile too.

He wanted to dig in with his hands and vomit again. However, his hands were full of…

Then, he fainted.

This time, he really fainted! He was only taken away after a violent charge from the water pipe.

“Yes, continue to train. If you want to play smart, feel free to fight with me. Of course, the consequence of losing is a small confinement!”

This round of confinement had completely left all the students in shock. They started to train with their lives. As long as they could still open their eyes, they could continue training. Whoever wanted to get involved with that various chemical compounds could do so!

On the third day, Xu Tui, who had been in pain for two days, was released.

After his physical strength reached its limit, he used his mental whip to attack the empty space until his mind power was exhausted and he fainted.

Surprisingly, when Xu Tui woke up on the morning of the fourth day, he was pleasantly surprised to discover that his mind power had increased by a certain amount after he had lost consciousness due to exhaustion.

The increase was about 5%.

Ever since he had cultivated the 72-point Genetic Ability Chain, Xu Tui’s mind power had been increasing at an extremely slow rate. The increase every day might be less than one in ten thousand.

It was not just his mind power. Xu Tui realized that he had activated one of the Genetic Base Points on the Physical Fitness Ability Chain that he had not cultivated for a long time.

On the sixth day of this extreme training, Xu Tui’s physical fitness genetic chain was unlocked. However, the increase in his mind power after it was exhausted was getting smaller and smaller. It was only 1%.

After four days, his mind power had increased by more than 10%. The most direct observation was that his blurry mental perception range had increased by more than 10%. It reached 176 meters. The combat radius increased by another 16 meters.

This increase could be said to be huge.@@novelbin@@

It had to be known that Xu Tui had only increased his combat radius from 158 meters to 160 meters under normal training since he had successfully cultivated the 72-point Genetic Ability Chain.

In just six days at the Extraterrestrial Moon Base, the extreme fainting training had increased the combat radius by 16 meters.

However, Xu Tui estimated that the effects of this extreme fainting training would become weaker and weaker.

On the eighth day of training, he received another piece of regretful news. The student who had been locked up in the septic tank withdrew. Being confined in a septic tank caused a lot of psychological damage. It was said that the student had not been able to eat or drink for six days.

The Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College chose to let him return to the Blue Star and undergo psychological intervention. This news was informed to the students by the Huaxia Sector Instructor, Lu Kang.

“I know. There might be students who are indignant about what happened to that student! Actually, there was no need. You will understand in the future. He was lucky!

“It’s better to be confined in a septic tank and be sent back to be an ordinary person than to die on the battlefield without a corpse! The rest of you, continue training. Tomorrow, we will begin wilderness survival training! Those who do not meet the requirements will be sent back!”

Instructor Lu might be right. But this method was really effective.

During these eight days of training, not a single student pretended to faint. However, during the eight days of training, 13 students from the Huaxia Sector chose to withdraw. They could not withstand the pressure and did not want to persist anymore.

The instructor did not try to persuade them and simply signed their agreement.

According to Lu Kang’s occasional chatter, there was a 5% repatriation rate among the students in the Extraterrestrial Research Institute.

The ones in the Huaxia Sector were slightly lower.

When he woke up on the morning of the ninth day, the increase in Xu Tui’s mind power from the extreme fainting training had dropped to 0.005. It would probably be completely ineffective in a few more days.

On the contrary, he would activate one genetic base point every two to three days. This was especially true for the students from the Extreme Branch. They have improved greatly over the past few days.

Peter, who was also a freshman, had activated eight genetic base points in just eight days. He had completed two complete genetic ability chains and his strength had increased greatly.

On the ninth day, more than 900 people in the Huaxia Sector began their so-called wilderness survival training. It was a huge training field with an independent energy screen at the edge of the Moon base.

“Do you know what is the worst thing for us humans? It’s the environment! It’s oxygen! The lack of oxygen will cause your combat strength to decrease rapidly. You will faint and die! However, in the history of human evolution, all evolution was to adapt to the changes in the environment!

“I don’t want to lecture you about history and biology. Now, the genetic newcomers who had been injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir only had one thing to do. Through extreme survival, you can evolve or activate your former respiratory system in the short term to greatly reduce your oxygen consumption.

“It would make it easier for you to fight in the Extra-terrestrial and greatly increase your survivability in harsh environments. Don’t say that you can’t do it! With the help of the elixir, we, the genetic newcomers, will be able to complete the task that would take thousands or tens of thousands of years to complete in half a month!

“Alright, let’s start training now!

“On the first day, the oxygen supply in the training ground is 12%. Everyone must undergo low-level strengthening training for two hours in this oxygen-supplying environment. You will be injected with the elixir and rest for half an hour.

“There were a total of six rounds of training. The standard for the last round of training is still fainting!”

Two minutes after Lu Kang gave the order, the students’ breathing started to quicken. Many people had their mouths wide open as they gasped for air. However, they still felt that they were lacking oxygen. In less than half an hour, almost all of the students were suffering from severe hypoxia.

However, the training continued.

Xu Tui was the same. Even if he wanted to enter meditation, he would have to put in a lot of effort to succeed when he was deprived of oxygen. Furthermore, it was extremely easy to fall out of the state.

Since it was a rapid evolution, Xu Tui believed that a genetic base point related to the respiratory system was about to be activated. Therefore, he tried to find relevant genetic base points during the first stage of his training.

As long as he could find the relevant genetic base points, he would be able to achieve his training goal. He would be able to fight in an environment with low oxygen and even hypoxia.