Chapter 428 - I Don’T Like Wiping My Face With

Chapter 428: I Don’t Like Wiping My Face With a Tissue

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s judgment was correct.

Although he had only been in the school for half a year, he had already finished the theory classes from the first year to the third year thanks to his powerful mind power. He even learned a lot of content outside of the course.

Although he had not fully understood some of the content and had not dug out the depth of the information, Xu Tui could already make an accurate judgment based on the theory of genetic evolution based on his current knowledge.

The Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College conducted survival training in a harsh environment with low oxygen levels. Ten days later, most of the students would reach the standard.

In that case, the extraterrestrial side must have discovered relevant genetic base points and genetic ability chains regarding the human respiratory system. This kind of extreme survival training was actually stimulating the relevant genetic base points. This included the special elixir that was administered every two hours. It was also one of the requirements to activate the relevant genetic base points.

Xu Tui did not find any genetic base points on the first day of survival training in a low-pressure environment. Under the extreme lack of oxygen, his thoughts seemed to have stopped. The mind power that he could usually use at will became extremely sluggish.

He barely managed to enter meditation and switched to the illusory introspective state. He did not manage to observe anything. The fluctuation of his mind power caused him to fall out of the illusory introspective state.

However, the extreme training methods here were very effective.

Xu Tui felt much more relaxed when he went through the training on the second day. He still had 12% oxygen supply. It was not easy to complete the most basic ten-kilometer walk, but he could still stand.

Xu Tui felt like he was about to die after completing this basic training yesterday. He took advantage of this opportunity to make a comparison while he was being injected with the elixir. He found the relevant genetic base points before today’s training ended.

This was a group of 14 genetic base points, but the distribution was different from what he had imagined.

Xu Tui thought that it was mainly in the lungs. However, there were only four in the lungs, three in the heart, two in the head, and five in other unknown areas. When he found them, the 14 genetic base points had already been developed to a certain extent.

That night, Xu Tui activated four genetic base points.

On the third day, the oxygen supply density was only 10%. The oxygen supply decreased again. Many students who had just relaxed a little that day were down again. They experienced the feeling of being on the verge of death several times.

Xu Tui was extremely relaxed.@@novelbin@@

As a result, he was still able to stand and smile when he completed all the training subjects. Some of the other students twitched on the spot, let alone crawl. They had been carried away by the robots.

Just as Xu Tui was enjoying himself, Instructor Lu Kang suddenly appeared in front of Xu Tui and stared at him sharply.

“You activated it?”

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment before he nodded vigorously.

Lu Kang was a little serious and would occasionally smile. However, it would be fine if he did not smile. Once he did, his face would look like the scene of a car accident. It was terrifying!

“If you have already activated a portion of the relevant genetic base points, then today’s training subjects are useless to you. I don’t have time to make a separate training subject for you right now. Increase the intensity of the training yourself. The intensity will be determined by you.

“You have to know that in such a harsh environment, activating genetic base points was only a rapid strengthening. Whether your body can adapt quickly to this harsh environment still requires training. The degree of training was different, and the amount of strength one could unleash in a harsh environment was also different.

“Including your continuous combat ability, you need to experience it yourself during extreme training. I’ll give you an analogy.

“The body was like a car. After the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain was activated, it was equivalent to giving the body a new engine.

“However, the output performance of the engine, the extreme performance, the lack of vibration, energy consumption, and the most durable economic output all required one to personally drive the vehicle for a long time to accurately grasp them.

“And this will determine your gains on the Mars battlefield, even your life and death. Do you understand?”

“Understood!” Xu Tui nodded heavily.

The instructor, Lu Kang, had been so direct. Xu Tui would be a fool if he did not understand.

“Alright, since you understand, you’ve passed today’s training. You can arrange the rest of the training yourself.”

With that, Lu Kang left.

Xu Tui had indeed learned his lesson.

Instructor Lu Kang’s guidance was very vivid. He had changed the engine and his ability had increased. However, the specific performance control required the pilot to practice for a long time. If he encountered a powerful enemy in battle and unleashed his strongest attack to destroy the enemy, but he immediately realized that he had exceeded his oxygen consumption limit when he unleashed his strongest attack.

The enemy had been killed. However, he also died on the spot due to lack of oxygen.

That would be tragic.

With this understanding, Xu Tui immediately set out from actual combat ground and formulated a training plan for himself.

Firstly, it was in terms of physical fitness. Secondly, it was in the direction of a mind power eruption. Thirdly, it was the consumption of oxygen in a continuous combat state. Fourthly, it was the state of oxygen consumption in a high-intensity battle.

After making this simple plan, Xu Tui suddenly realized something. The key to the practical training more than 10 days later might not be individual strength, but the body’s endurance and adaptability in a harsh environment without oxygen.

Xu Tui immediately took the initiative to train. The other students only walk quickly because of the lack of oxygen. Xu Tui started jogging, then he started to run quickly. He felt that he did not have enough oxygen once he started running. As he ran, he began to adjust his breathing and even his heart and lungs.

Then, it was the normal mental attack training, the explosive mind power training, and the explosive mind power training while advancing at high speed.

In the end, Xu Tui carried a 20-kilogram log on his shoulder and fainted from the exertion of running. He was the last student on the training ground to faint.

“He should have activated the relevant genetic base points. Inject the Triple Oxygen Dynamics Elixir,” Instructor Lu Kang instructed as he looked at the unconscious Xu Tui.

On the fifth day, the oxygen concentration decreased again, reaching eight percent. The students who had just improved once again fell into a hellish state of lack of oxygen.

Although Xu Tui had improved, his oxygen supply had decreased. He could only run as fast as he could while carrying a 20-kilogram log.

However, on the sixth day, he was able to run at a high speed with a weight of 40 kilograms.

On the sixth day, many students experienced a breakthrough. They should have activated the genetic base points related to the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain.

Even Xu Tui himself, who had not deliberately activated the genetic base points on his oxygen-powered genetic chain for the past few days, had activated two more genetic base points during his continuous extreme training.

On the seventh day, the oxygen supply was reduced to 6%. However, the students who had activated their genetic base points had already begun their weight training.

On the eighth day, two-thirds of the students activated their genetic base points. They could carry out 20 kilograms of weight training in a harsh environment where they were deprived of oxygen. They could also perform tactical movements.

The few students who had yet to activate their genetic base points were already anxious.

For example Che Zhan. He took the initiative to train. His original training goal was to faint once a day. Che Zhan fainted five times. However, it was worth it.

On the ninth day, when the oxygen supply was reduced to 4%, Che Zhan finally activated the relevant genetic base points and began his weight training and tactical training.

On the tenth day, other than the seven students, the rest of the students activated their oxygen-powered genetic base points and began their 20-kilogram weight training and tactical training.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had already started training in the 50-kilogram weight-bearing 10-kilometer speed-change exercise. He began to try to control the oxygen consumption rate of his body.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had not taken the initiative to activate his oxygen-powered genetic base points again after listening to Lu Kang’s instructions. Instead, he had been training and training hard based on his already activated foundation.

He planned to activate a few more oxygen-related genetic base points after his body adapted to the environment. The goal of the tenth day of training was to make himself faint.

However, before all the students fainted from the training, Instructor Lu Kang gathered the 900 students from the Huaxia Sector.

“A few points. First, why do you have to undergo extreme training in an oxygen-deprived environment? That’s because your next battlefield is Mars. There was oxygen on Mars, but after nearly a hundred years of continuous modification by humans, the average oxygen concentration was only 5%. Therefore, the oxygen concentration in our training base was currently 4%.

“From tomorrow onwards, you will participate in the actual training on Mars for seven days. The oxygen supply in the entire base, including your living quarters and even the Prodigy Arena that will be opened tomorrow, will be reduced to 3%. Including the oxygen concentration when you sleep, it will also decrease to 3%.

“All you can do is adapt! Get used to sleeping, living, fighting, and even running for your life in this oxygen-deprived environment for seven days.”

After a pause, Lu Kang continued, “Actually, it’s not just Mars. Currently, the main battlefields that we humans have in the Exort, including Phobos, Deimos, Mercury, the asteroid belt, and so on, are all low-oxygen environments and even vacuum. So this is a must!

“Therefore, for the seven students who have yet to activate your genetic base points, you can choose to return to the Blue Star or work at the Moon base. It’s all up to you. Someone will contact you later.

“Secondly, the next seven days are for you to adapt to battles in a harsh environment with low oxygen levels, including your abilities. In the Extra-terrestrial, due to external factors, the power of many abilities had changed. I need you to comprehend it yourself these few days.

“The Prodigy List is for actual combat. It’s to improve your combat abilities in the Extra-terrestrial.”

At this point, Lu Kang revealed his terrifying smile again.

“The last sentence was a more official statement. The Prodigy List is also known as the Six Major Sectors Power Chart! During actual training, the instructor, whose student was the most impressive, can spit on their opponent’s instructor’s face.

And that was not all.

“I don’t like to wipe my face with a tissue, understand?”

“Understood!”

“Louder. Have you not eaten?”

“Understood!”

Their voices were still a little soft. It was not that they had not eaten, but they had no oxygen!