Chapter 426 - Mars Passage And The Prodigy List

Chapter 426: Mars Passage and the Prodigy List

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

He whipped out hundreds of whip shadows.

Xu Tui only had a word in his mind —- F*ck!

Muffled groans, screams, and wails instantly filled the air. Xu Tui realized that the whip had struck hundreds of people at the same time. It was extremely accurate. Anyone who had not entered the training ground after the countdown was over was whipped by the muscular man. Those who were hit by the whip were directly whipped to the ground. Those whose skin was exposed were quickly bruised and in extreme pain.

However, none of them suffered any serious injuries.

This whip was extremely exquisite and impressive.

“Damn, this instructor is definitely at the Genetic Evolution Realm, right?” A student exclaimed.

“It’s impossible for him to reach the Genetic Evolution Realm. My teacher has been stuck at the Genetic Evolution Realm for six years. In terms of the application of the energy field, stabbing 30 times with one strike is already the limit. Furthermore, there’s a distance restriction. The instructor in front of us is definitely a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert!”

Xu Tui nodded as he listened. This black tower-like instructor was undoubtedly at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. If the Genetic Evolution Realm could do this, Xu Tui would have died when he faced Wang Ji.

“All students who have been hit by the whip will be warned once! Those who have been warned more than three times will be sent back to the Blue Star!” The black tower-like instructor whipped hundreds of students until they were howling in pain. He immediately delivered the second blow.

There was no need for any staff to step forward. The cameras controlled by the supercomputer around them turned and the faces were identified. They were immediately entered into the system.

“In three minutes, line up your formation according to the various regions and recognize your instructors. Keep quiet. Before my lecture begins, everyone who fails to do so will be warned.”

The black tower-like chief instructor roared. Immediately, dozens of instructors rushed out from both sides and walked towards their students.

The students were a little stunned! This rule was so fierce. They would be sent back to Blue Star after three warnings.

It was simply too cruel!

The instructors of the various districts who had rushed over had used their silent actions to prove that the words of the Chief Instructor were true. They were not joking.

It was very difficult for a team of nearly a thousand people to command with their mouths in less than three minutes. The instructor who rushed over directly pulled the students at the front to the first position of the formation.

“Everyone, stand in order. Now!”

Students who could go to the Extra-terrestrial were the cream of the crop. There was no such thing as princess syndrome or prince syndrome. They quickly stood according to the instructions.

With the help of the instructors, the assembly was completed in less than three minutes.

The leader of the Huaxia Sector was a square-faced instructor with thick eyebrows. After he stood in line, he shouted at the group of people, “From now on, everyone stay silent. Anyone who dares to make a sound will be punished collectively. After that, they will be locked up for three days!”

At that moment, Xu Tui had a strange feeling. In just a few minutes, the whip and warning caused the thousands of students who had just arrived at the Moon base to enter a tense state of war.

Before the three minutes were up, the Chief Instructor did not say a word.

Xu Tui, who was standing on the outside, took advantage of this time to observe the entire training field. A translucent energy screen enveloped the sky above the training ground. This should be the reason why they could still breathe normally after coming to the moon.

There were a total of six large formations gathered on the training field. They corresponded to the six major sources of the Huaya Sector, the American Sector, the Russian Federation, the European Sector, the India Sector, and the Africa Sector.

Based purely on the size of the phalanx, the Huaya Sector had the largest number of people. It had more than a thousand people. The India Sector had the lowest number of people. It had about eight hundred people. The European Sector had the third highest number of people. There were about seven hundred people. The American Sector had about the same number of people as the Russian Federation. There were about five hundred people. They were tied for fourth place.

The ones with the least number of students were the students from the Africa Sector who had darker skin. The number of students who came here to study was only one-fifth of the number in the Russian Federation.

It had to be known that on the Blue Star, in terms of population base, the number of people in the Africa Sector was more than five times that of the Russian Federation.

It could be said that the national power of the Blue Star was also reflected in the Extra-terrestrial to a certain extent. Population was now the most important resource on the Blue Star. Of course, from the fact that the number of students studying in the India Sector was ranked second, one could roughly see why the India Sector was causing trouble.

This was because the India Sector was only ranked second in terms of population.

On a closer look, the students in the other five districts, such as the America Sector, the European Sector, the Russian Federation, the India Sector, and the Africa Sector, were arranged in a very close formation.

However, the Huaya Sector was divided into two parts.

The largest group was naturally the students from the Huaxia Sector and the districts close to the Huaxia Sector.

The other group was represented by the student phalanxes of the Yamato, Korean, and Sing-Malaysia Sectors.

Before the Great Genetic Age, these were all technological powerhouses on the Blue Star. After the arrival of the Great Genetic Age, they were forced to enter the Huaya Sector. However, they still did their own things.

A member of parliament said that the Huaya Sector should be divided into two regions, the Huaxia Sector and the South Asia Alliance Sector. The Yamato Sector and the Sing-Malaysia Sector also actively responded, but in the end, the matter was left unsettled.@@novelbin@@

Therefore, compared to the other regions, there were differences within the Huaya Sector.

However, the Blue Star Genetic Committee was already used to it. It was an Asian tradition. After all, the districts in Asia were very fierce.

“Time’s up. Now, I’ll start speaking. Please listen carefully. Everything I’m about to say concerns your future. Your life and death! First of all, let me introduce myself. I don’t have any random nationality. If you have to find me a nationality, my nationality is Blue Star!

“My real name is longer. I’m afraid that you won’t remember it, so I won’t say it. Everyone who is familiar with me in the Extra-terrestrial calls me the Black Tower. I like that title. It’s concise and powerful! In the future, you can call me the Black Tower or the Chief Instructor Black Tower!

“I am the chief instructor of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Black Tower!

“First, the training form will be sent to you. Please calibrate the time yourself! We will implement a militarized management of extraterrestrial operations. There was no reason to be late! You will be sent back to the Blue Star when you’re three times late. Those who are sent back to the Blue Star will no longer have the qualifications to study in the Extra-terrestrial.

“Second, from today onwards, there will be three weeks of intensive survival training. It will be very tough! In these three weeks, anyone who could not hold on could withdraw at any time and be sent back to the Blue Star to be an ordinary person.

“During the three weeks of intensive training, those who do not meet the requirements will lose the opportunity to participate in the other studies in the extraterrestrial base. However, they can retain their qualifications for extraterrestrial research.

“Third, students who enter the actual training period will have to obey orders as their first duty. Those who disobey orders will be punished according to military law.

“Fourth, most of you are favored by the heavens and have unlocked many genetic ability chains. However, I have to tell you that if your abilities are not strong, you are all hooligans! Ten days later, after you have adapted to the environment in the extra-terrestrial, we will re-test and classify your abilities. It will make it easier for you to form a team during the actual training stage.

“Fifth, I know that your hormones are very strong, but private fights are prohibited in the extraterrestrial base. Those who violate the rules will be subject to military law. Therefore, we have prepared an arena for you to vent your energy and negative emotions.

“Blue Star Prodigy List. Understand the rules yourselves. If there’s a dispute, you can enter the arena. You’re not allowed to fight privately!”

At this point, Chief Instructor Black Tower gave a rare, unfriendly smile.

“There’s a piece of good news. The top ten of the Blue Star Prodigy List will be rewarded. The reward for the first place is a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. You can understand the rest yourselves!”

Black Tower waved his hand, and a blank Blue Star Prodigy List appeared on the empty space behind him.

“Of course, there’s more than one piece of good news! Every time there’s an extra-terrestrial study, we’ll send out 10 or even 20 bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir through various rankings. All of these benefits require you to use your strength and intelligence to fight for them.

“Lastly, I have to remind you to look at the manual when you’re free. The good things provided by the extraterrestrial world are beyond your imagination. Of course, the last reminder is to remember to write a will!

“Alright, let’s start the training now!”

A thunderous roar stunned all the students.

Darn it. He had just mentioned the benefits and then mentioned the will. Was he trying to agitate the students?

Xu Tui roughly understood what was going on after the lecture.

The Extra-terrestrial was exciting!

The Extra-terrestrial was awesome!

However, the Extra-terrestrial was also very dangerous!

Before Xu Tui could think too much about it, the instructors in the Huaxia Sector had already begun to arrange the first subject for the intensive survival training.

Just as the thousands of elites from the Blue Star began to strengthen their survival training, in front of the floor-to-ceiling window of the tallest building in the Moon base.

Cai Shaochu, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, and the other two were standing in front of the French windows and looking at the students who had started their training.

“Old Mei, how’s the situation on Mars?” Cai Shaochu asked.

The person being questioned was the dean of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch, Mei Sen.

“The frequency is getting faster and more active,” Mei Sen said. “We can’t wait for this batch of students to go for actual training. When I left, the Mars base commander even asked me to ask if you could compress the students’ survival training time and get them there a few days earlier.”

“That’s out of the question!” Cai Shaochu shook his head. “These students are the future of the Blue Star. They can be sacrificed, but they must not die in vain!”

“Then on Mars…”

“Get the Blue Star Genetic Committee to send someone over. Our students have to complete intensive survival training. We can’t do it for less than half a day!”

Mei Sen looked exasperated. “Anyway, I’m only responsible for delivering the message.”

“I know. Old Mei, do you know why I transferred you back?”

“My term is almost up. You want me to rest and go back?” Mei Sen asked.

“Even dogs don’t have time to rest. You want to rest?”

“You!” Mei Sen’s eyes widened at the joke.

“Five days later, you will take over the Mars passageway until the actual training ends. I’m worried about the others!” Cai Shaochu said.

Mei Sen’s expression hardened. Then he nodded gently.