Chapter 434 - The Anticipated Tag-Team Battle (1)

Chapter 434: The Anticipated Tag-team Battle (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Why did he become like this when I was saving someone? What did I do? How could this be? The teacher on duty from the Yamato Sector, Kisuke Kawamoto, was stunned.

The student from the India Sector who was ranked 79th on the Prodigy List was lifted high in his hand as he struggled in pain. Blood gushed out of the hole like a faucet. Even his breathing became weaker.

There was no need to call out. The medical team was rushing over. The intervention of the medical team made Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto come back to his senses and quickly helped treat him.

“The abdominal artery is damaged and hemorrhaging internally! There are many penetrating wounds in his intestines. His abdominal cavity has been contaminated on a large scale. He needs to undergo a full-scale laparotomy. He has lost too much blood. The injured have already started to faint. Prepare for a blood transfusion. Resuscitation.”

Fortunately, the doctors here were very professional. With the cooperation of medical-type superpowers, it was not a problem for the 79th student on the Prodigy List to survive. However, he might have to suffer a little.

“Mr. Kawamoto, one of the areas you’re on duty is already in danger today. One is seriously injured, and the other is slightly injured. Please pay attention. The medical resources in our base are also limited.”

When the captain of the medical team carried the injured person away, he said something to the teacher on duty, Kisuke Kawamoto. They were all at the same level, so there was no need to criticize him.

However, it sounded very serious to Kisuke Kawamoto.

He had failed in his duty! If this continued, he would seriously fail in his duty. His colleagues would have opinions about him.

In fact, if he had not lifted him just now, it would not have been so troublesome to treat the student’s injuries. At the very least, he did not have to open his stomach.

Of course, the medical team would not blame the students. It was only right for students to fight to the death for the Prodigy List. But what was your job as a teacher on duty? You’re not here to watch the battle!

The teachers on duty were responsible for the consecutive fatalities.

Kisuke Kawamoto watched the medical team leave. He looked at Xu Tui with a dark gaze. He had really tried his best.

“Xu Tui, do you still want to continue the challenge?”

At that moment, Kisuke Kawamoto really hoped that Xu Tui could end today’s challenge and get a new teacher on duty to cause trouble. To be honest, he still did not have the confidence to save the student under Xu Tui’s attack.

It was not that Kisuke Kawamoto, who was only at the Genetic Evolution Realm, was inferior to Xu Tui. Instead, his attacks had a natural lag. Unless they violated the rules and interfered at the start of the battle.

“Of course!”

Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto got an answer he did not want to hear. He followed Xu Tui to the teacher on duty to continue his challenges. The surrounding students who were watching the battle also recovered from their shock.

What the f*ck! This attack was too ferocious! It was too terrifying!

Many genius students had never seen such a bloody scene. Some vomited from watching the bloody scene just now. It was also because of this that Xu Tui’s popularity suddenly soared when he challenged Area 7. The number of students who came to watch the battle increased exponentially.

As for the students from the Huaxia Sector, their doubts were completely gone. It was earth-shattering when there was a fool, who could come to the extra-terrestrial to study and be on the Prodigy List, stand on the spot to be skewered.

How could there be another one? That was impossible!

There was only one answer. Xu Tui’s attack speed was too fast. At the thought of this, many students could not help but grit their teeth.

Up until now, Xu Tui had only used the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula to defeat three opponents. He did not even move. Then how strong was his true strength?

Xu Tui’s fourth challenger was ranked 70th on the Prodigy List. He was, as usual, a student from the India Sector. He arrived within three minutes.

The student ranked 70th on the Prodigy List clearly knew about Xu Tui’s battle results. However, under Xu Tui’s challenge, he could only brace himself.

According to the rules of the Prodigy List, every student on the rankings had to accept the challenge at least five times a day. If he did not accept the challenge, he would be regarded as admitting defeat!

“Take note, his earth spikes are very powerful. Moreover, they usually stab out from under your feet. You’ll be more relaxed after you avoid the first wave.”

Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto immediately gave the student some pointers.

“Teacher, that’s not appropriate, right?” Xu Tui protested on the spot.

“Is there a difference?” Kisuke Kawamoto asked.@@novelbin@@

That was true. There was no difference. It was a victory anyway.

This conversation stunned the 70th student from the India Sector. No difference? What did they mean by ‘no difference’?

The pace of the challenge was very fast. Before he could figure it out, Kisuke Kawamoto announced the start of the challenge.

The countdown ended.

Swish!

He was pierced through!

The student ranked 70th on the Prodigy List had listened to Kisuke Kawamoto’s reminder. However, he was not on the same level as Xu Tui in terms of strength and reaction speed.

There was no suspense in being pierced through.

Kisuke Kawamoto changed his train of thought this time. He did not think about avoiding injuries like the last time he used his mind power. Instead, he wanted to reduce his injuries. The moment the battle started, he gently nudged the student with his mind power.

Then, the student ranked 70th on the Prodigy List was pierced diagonally through his inner thigh and out of his crotch by an earth spike. It was still pierced through, but the injuries were not as serious as before.

The medical team came to deal with the situation again.

“The femur artery has been torn through! There’s a penetrating wound in the pelvis. There’s massive bleeding inside.”