Chapter 438 - Being Treated As A Reference

Chapter 438: Being Treated as a Reference

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had crushed one of the top ten genius students, Darkwin. He was pierced through without any ability to retaliate. It directly became a hurdle that could not be avoided during the competition for the Prodigy List in the next few days.@@novelbin@@

After this battle, Xu Tui directly took first place on the Prodigy List. He had temporarily become the number one prodigy.

According to the rules, the number one prodigy had to accept the challenge 12 times a day. If the 12 times were all within three hours at night, according to the rules, the number one prodigy had to complete the battle within three hours.

If there was a queue for the challenge, the interval between each battle could not exceed 15 minutes. Or he could admit defeat.

On this point, they had directly achieved a tag-team battle against the number one prodigy on the level of the rules.

Under a tag-team battle, even if they had real talent, they had to plan carefully and arrange tactics. They even had to invite students to challenge other challengers to obtain some time to rest before they could stabilize their position as the number one prodigy.

In the battle for the Prodigy List last year, Dai Lijun, the first-year Dragon of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College (Dai Lijun was a first-year student in the previous era), had temporarily stood on the position of the number one prodigy.

However, he was taken down in a tag-team battle in less than a day.

According to his past records on the Prodigy List, from the fourth or fifth day onwards, the top three of the Prodigy List would be faced with tag-team battles. If the battle continued, the experts of their alliance would have a chance of becoming the number one prodigy!

Of course, there had to be an organization behind this. There even had to be a distribution of benefits. That was complicated.

In short, the competition for the Prodigy List would become very lively and exciting from the fourth day onwards.

From the fifth day onwards, there would be a queue for the challenge. During peak times, the challenge area was not enough.

However, the fifth day of the challenge was very calm.

Andrew, a fire-type superb individual from the European Sector, ranked third on the Prodigy List. Then, after being challenged four times by the genius students from the American Sector, he was defeated by the genius student from the American Sector, Nite, and his ranking dropped to fourth place.

It was not night yet. Nite had not sat in his place for long when he was challenged by the genius students of the Russian Federation five times in a row.

After five consecutive battles, he was easily defeated by the genius student from the Russian Federation, Cherkin.

Xu Tui had cultivated for the entire day. At night, he was still thinking that someone might challenge him and that he would face a tag-team battle. He was looking forward to it. He did not expect to watch the show tonight.

No one challenged him, the first on the Prodigy List.

As for the second place on the Prodigy List, Darkwin, he was still in the medical center of the Moon base. No one had challenged him yet. Of course, if this was the last day, Darkwin would probably be directly challenged by a group of geniuses and fail to accept the challenge.

Therefore, in the Prodigy List challenge, once one was seriously injured, it meant that they would no longer have the ability to challenge or accept the challenge. Even with the medical resources of the Moon base, one would take half a day to recover.

Yuan Shu from the Huaxia Sector had already set his sights on Peter. He had no choice. Xu Tui did not need the help of their battle tactics. He had already reached the top!

Currently, their target for Peter was the 10th place on the Prodigy List. He would charge forward according to his strength at the last moment.

Xu Tui wasted the entire night. On the sixth day, he did not go to the Prodigy Arena. He activated another oxygen-powered genetic base point and focused on his cultivation.

In any case, the teacher on duty would contact him if someone challenged him.

On the sixth day, the genius student from the India Sector, Darkwin, who had been pierced by Xu Tui the moment he started, was discharged.

In reality, he was discharged from the hospital on the night of the fifth day, January 23rd, and returned to the dormitory. Under the medical conditions of the Moon base, his injuries had already recovered.

Other than a few psychological trauma.

That’s right, psychological trauma! The battle where Xu Tui pierced through him at the start had traumatized him too much. Compared to that, it was nothing even if his reproductive system was pierced.

Before the battle, Darkwin had actually been prepared for the worst. He would retreat again and again.

From victory to a vigorous defeat. Then, it became a dignified defeat. In the end, it became a slight counterattack. It was fine even if he was defeated. This was the bottom line of failure that Darkwin and his teacher, Rade, had agreed on.

In fact, Darkwin had set a bottom line for himself—don’t be skewered! At the very least, he could attack once before he was skewered. Unfortunately, he was pierced through at the start and mercilessly shattered Darkwin’s bottom line.

As a result, Darkwin had not been in a good mood since he was discharged from the hospital last night. He suffered a psychological trauma.

Darkwin felt that he was traumatized by Xu Tui.

Therefore, on the morning of the 24th of January, the sixth day of the Prodigy List, Darkwin rushed to the training ground, wanting to use the hard training to release his pressure. He wanted to use the sweat of training to free himself from this depressed state.

However, just as he arrived at the training ground and chose the weighted training equipment, his communication device suddenly rang.

“Hello, Student Darkwin. I am the teacher on duty on the Prodigy List. Currently, the fifth place on the Prodigy List, Andrew, is challenging you. According to the rules and records of the Prodigy List, you have accepted no challenges today. Please confirm the time to accept the challenge as soon as possible.”

Darkwin froze. Someone had come to challenge him so early in the morning. Aren’t they going to train?

“Alright. I’ll be there in thirty minutes.”

As it was morning, Darkwin could easily arrange time.

Darkwin had read about Andrew. He was a genius student from the European Sector. He was a fire-type supernatural being and was very powerful. He felt that he needed to warm up and prepare. Then, he would discuss it with his teacher, Rade, to determine the battle strategy.

After all, Andrew’s strength was also very strong. He could not be underestimated. He hung up and prepared to warm up.

However, the phone rang again before he could start.

“Good morning, Student Darkwin. I am the teacher on duty on the Prodigy List. Currently, the fourth place on the Prodigy List, Nite, has made an appointment to challenge you. Please arrange a time as soon as possible.”

Darkwin was stunned again. Why was the fourth place on the Prodigy List challenging him at the same time? Was he taking him for a pushover?

At the thought of this, he could not help but feel angry.

“Tell him that I’ll fight him 30 minutes after the battle with Andrew!”

Despite his anger, Darkwin was still very calm.

Thirty minutes after the battle, as long as he had two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs, he would basically be able to recover his physical fitness and a portion of his energy field power.

However, the phone rang again 30 seconds after he hung up.

“Hello, Student Darkwin. I’m sorry to disturb you again. The third place on the Prodigy List, Cherkin, wants to make an appointment to challenge you. The eighth place on the Prodigy List, Minamoto Murai, and the tenth place on the Prodigy List, Peter, are also here to challenge you. Please arrange a time to fight as soon as possible.

“Currently, they are all within the number of times you will accept the challenge. Please arrange a time as soon as possible.”

Darkwin was once again speechless. He could only accept the challenge. He had no other choice! There were benefits to being famous among the ten geniuses, but it was not easy to take them down.

After hanging up, Darkwin quickly called his teacher, Rade. With so many people challenging him, he had to discuss his tactics with the teacher. He wanted to see if he should strategically lose a few rounds to preserve his strength.

His teacher, Rade, also understood the seriousness of the situation. He immediately said that he would rush over to meet up with Darkwin. However, while his teacher, Rade, was rushing over, he received a call from the teacher on duty.

“Hello, Student Darkwin. I’m the teacher on duty on the Prodigy List. Currently, the sixth, seventh, and 11th place on the Prodigy List are all here to challenge you. This is within the number of times you have to accept the challenge. Please arrange a time to accept the challenge as soon as possible.

“In addition, the 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th place on the Prodigy List have all come to register and challenge you. They hope to have the chance to fight you. However, the challenges of these five people are outside of the number of times you have to accept the challenge.

“After the first nine battles, you can freely choose whether you want to fight or not!”

Darkwin was speechless. He was really a little confused. It was a tag-team battle! From the third to the eleventh place on the Prodigy List, they were all challenging him, the second place on the Prodigy List.

They wanted to have a tag-team battle with him, who was ranked second on the Prodigy List.

This was definitely the most luxurious tag-team battle in history. In the past, there had been continuous tag-team battles in the battle for the Prodigy List. However, the tag-team battles were usually based on the various sectors.

For example, if the people from the American Sector targeted the third place on the Prodigy List, they would organize the students from the American Sector to engage in a tag-team battle with the current third place on the Prodigy List. Then, they would let their geniuses onto the rankings.

Occasionally, two sectors would target the ranking of a genius at the same time. But now, the rest of the ten genius students were all queuing to challenge him. They would carry out the strongest tag-team battle against him, who was ranked second on the Prodigy List.

That shouldn’t be the case! Xu Tui, who was the number one prodigy, should be the one facing these tag-team battles.

Darkwin could not understand. How did he suddenly become a hot topic? Even the top 20 of the Prodigy List wanted to fight him.

It was also at this moment that Darkwin’s teacher, Rade, arrived. After receiving the information, Darkwin’s teacher, Rade, was speechless.

“Teacher, what exactly is going on? Can you say something?” Darkwin was a little anxious.

Rade started to say something, then stopped. It was too much of a blow to his student. After all, his student had yet to recover from Xu Tui’s psychological trauma.

“A reference!”

“Reference?” Dakwin did not react for a moment.

“The reason why the genius students of the various sectors are queuing to challenge you is because they were treating you as a reference! They want to fight you. Then, they will use your combat strength as a reference to measure if they can challenge Xu Tui.”

Darkwin’s eyes widened. Blood went into his head. “This bunch of trash. Aren’t they too much of a bunch of bastards? They did not have the guts to challenge Xu Tui. Yet they came to challenge me and used me as a reference to see if they could challenge Xu Tui. Isn’t this too much of a bully?”

“Sigh, they’re also afraid that Xu Tui will pierce through them at the start.” Rade sighed faintly. However, he did not expect those words to stab Darkwin in the heart again.

Darkwin was once again speechless. Damn it. They didn’t want to be skewered right from the start by Xu Tui so they came to challenge him as a reference?

Darkwin was furious! He was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood!

He had already been pierced through at the start of the match. He had yet to walk out of his psychological trauma, but a group of shameless fellows had actually lined up to challenge him. They planned to use his strength as a reference to decide if they wanted to challenge the number one prodigy, Xu Tui.

It was simply…

For a moment, Darkwin wanted to trick these geniuses. He had to accept the challenge. However, he had to act like a weakling during the battle. Then, these geniuses who came to challenge Xu Tui would definitely think that Xu Tui was not invincible. Then, they would line up to challenge the number one prodigy, Xu Tui.

Then, he could see several scenes of people being skewered at the beginning!

Even though Xu Tui was the one skewering the rest of the students, he would not be the only genius who was skewered. At that time, Darkwin would feel much more comfortable.

Everyone would be skewered together! The idea was beautiful, but reality was cruel.

“You want to hold back and pretend to be weak? Do you really think that the geniuses of the various sectors are fools who can’t tell? Also, this is the arena of the Prodigy List that can easily determine life and death! If you want to lie in the hospital for another day tomorrow and completely lose your ranking on the Prodigy List, feel free to pretend to be a weakling. I won’t object!”

Rade’s words made Darkwin break out in a cold sweat. He had almost made another huge mistake!

In the end, Darkwin let out a helpless sigh. It seemed that he was determined to be a reference.