Chapter 437 - Being Skewered At The Start

Chapter 437: Being Skewered At The Start

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Darkwin was currently the number one genius of the 2,138th batch of the Blue Star Prodigy List.

Although it was because the geniuses of the other sectors had yet to exert their strength, Darkwin’s strength could not be underestimated. According to the information circulating among the students, Xu Tui and Darkwin were also one of the top 10 genius students in the extraterrestrial research institute.

Regardless of whether Darkwin could obtain the title of the number one prodigy this year, there was definitely a place for Darkwin among the top ten geniuses of the Blue Star’s 2138th Genius List.

It was also because of this that it immediately caused a sensation when the news of Xu Tui directly challenging the current number one prodigy, Darkwin, spread. Many students who had not cared much about the challenge of the Prodigy List, including the genius students of the various sectors, had also gathered.

They had to observe the first battle of the top ten genius students.

Due to the progress of their cultivation, the students of the Extreme Branch were usually stronger among the first-year students. And Darkwin was also from the Extreme Branch.

At this moment, Darkwin was sitting side by side with his teacher in a corner. He was watching the challenge video with a frown. His teacher’s name was Rade, and he was also a professor at the New India Genetic Evolution College. He was a senior to Haruji, who had returned in defeat in the Huaxia Sector.

Rade sighed when he saw that his student was still studying Xu Tui’s challenge video.

“Dakwin, there’s no hope! You have no hope of winning. I think you should consider it now. If you lose more honorably, you will suffer lighter injuries when you lose,” Rad said.

Darkwin’s eyes were filled with flames. “Teacher, even you…”

“It’s not that I don’t have confidence in you. It’s just that Xu Tui is too strong. You remember Azari, don’t you?” Rade said.

At the mention of Azari, Darkwin’s expression darkened. “I remember. Senior Azari also gave us a demonstration lesson.”

“Then how do you think your current strength is compared to Azari?”

Darkwin raised his head indignantly. “More than four months ago, I couldn’t defeat Senior Azari. But now, I think I can fight Senior Azari!”

“Just a fight?” Rade mercilessly attacked his student. “Four months ago, Xu Tui killed Azari head-on! It’s been four months.”

Darkwin was speechless.

“Do you remember Rankhan?” Rad spoke again.

“I remember. He’s a third-year senior and an influential figure in the school!”

“Four months ago, Rankhan also died at Xu Tui’s hands. Although it was a trick, that was also a strength. How do you compare with Rankhan?”

Darkwin was once again speechless.

“Teacher, according to what you said, I might as well admit defeat.”

As soon as he said that, Rade stood up and slapped Darkwin!

“You bastard! Do you know your identity? You are the number one genius of our India Sector this year! You are the benchmark of the extraterrestrial research students in the India Sector! Without a doubt, you are the backbone of the students in the India Sector’s extraterrestrial research this time. You might even be the spine of our India Sector!

“You are also the face of the India Sector! If you don’t fight and admit defeat, where would we put our face? If you don’t fight and admit defeat, it means that the spine of the extraterrestrial research students in the India Sector has been broken!”

At this point, Rade’s expression becomes somber. “Remember, you can lose, but you must not admit defeat! Even if you lose, you have to lose spectacularly and with dignity. You have to fight! You have to lose with dignity! You have to display the brave intelligence of the India Sector! You cannot back down!

“Of course, it would be best if you could suffer lighter injuries. Do you understand?” Rade said to him.

Darkwin, who had been slapped, looked ashamed.

“Thank you, Teacher, for waking me up. I understand! I’ll try my best. Even if I lose, I’ll do my best! I want to attack fiercely and attack first. I have to at least force Xu Tui into a flurry before I lose!”

“That’s right. Even if you lose, you have to show off!” Rade said.

As he nodded, Darkwin’s eyes were still burning. “Teacher, you saw it too. Almost all of the targets Xu Tui challenged today are students from the India Sector. He was definitely targeting the India Sector. If I lose again today, I’m afraid it will bring a heavy blow to the morale of the students in the India Sector.”

Rade also had a heavy expression. “There’s nothing we can do about it. He’s too strong!”

“Teacher, it looks like the students of the India Sector are destined to be enveloped in Xu Tui’s shadow during this extraterrestrial research trip,” Darkwin said.

This time, Rade glanced at Darkwin. “How can that be? It’s only on this moon base.”

“Teacher, do you have any other arrangements?” Darkwin asked anxiously.

“Why would I?” Rade denied with a smile again, “However, there are many accidents during the Mars training. Moreover, there are also second-year and third-year research students participating in the Mars training. Many of the second and third-year students who came to the India Sector to study are Haruji’s students.”

Hearing this, Darkwin’s eyes lit up.

“Teacher, I understand! I’ll lose once in a dignified manner. Then, I’ll get my face back during the actual training on Mars!”

Rade did not answer, but he smiled.

The extra-terrestrial was never beautiful!

…

It was 9:15 p.m. in the arena of the Moon base.

Darkwin, who was wearing a standard combat uniform and holding a sawtooth blade, slowly walked onto Area 7 of the Prodigy List’s Challenge Arena.

The current number one prodigy, Darkwin, had arrived.

As soon as Darkwin arrived, many of the students who were still challenging the challenge area immediately ended the battle as quickly as possible. They could not miss the battle of the top ten genius students.

Xu Tui, who was resting with his eyes closed, opened his eyes and casually walked toward the standard combat position.

“I thought you wouldn’t dare to come and admit defeat,” Xu Tui said casually.

As soon as he heard those words, Darkwin was furious. He waved his saber and roared!

“Xu Tui, the warriors of our India Sector will not admit defeat even if they die in battle.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He glanced below the stage. “Then what about the 63rd, 60th, and 50th, 41st, 36th, and 27th place on the Prodigy List that I challenged previously? What did these people say? They are all from the India Sector. Without exception, they all admitted defeat. My challenge is so boring!”

Below the stage, the people who were originally ranked 63rd, 60th, 50th, 41st, 36th, and 27th and had been called out by Xu Tui wanted to vomit blood. Damn it, they had already admitted defeat. Did they still have to be pulled out and whipped?

There was also Darkwin, that idiot! Damn it, if you want to fight, so be it. Why do you have to waste so much time bragging about yourself? They had even been pulled out by Xu Tui to be whipped.

Darkwin was speechless. He was stunned! The script should not be like this! Xu Tui should be either looking down on him, admiring him, scolding him, or starting a battle. However, he should not be whipping the students who had admitted defeat.

“Alright, if you want to fight, let’s fight quickly. I was about to fall asleep from waiting just now. Teacher, I’m ready.”

Xu Tui, who did not want to waste his breath, shouted at the teacher on duty, Kisuke Kawamoto.

Kisuke Kawamoto nodded slightly and looked at Darkwin.

“Darkwin, if there are no problems, prepare to fight. The Prodigy List still depends on strength!”

“I’m ready.” Darkwin took a deep breath.

“Alright, get ready. The countdown screen is activated!”

In an instant, the projection of the five-second countdown screen appeared. Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto’s mind power surged out again and began to patrol. Even though Darkwin was the number one genius student in the India Sector and should be able to fight Xu Tui to a standstill, he still had to be careful. He had to be careful. He did not want someone to be seriously injured again. The medical team already had a lot of objections to him regarding the people being severely injured in the arena on duty.

Darkwin paid close attention to his mind power and prepared the tactics that he had discussed with his teacher, Rade. He had to avoid Xu Tui’s first attack. Then, he would attack first!

The worst-case scenario was that he could not lose too badly.

Face! He had to save some face!

“Peter, how long do you think Darkwin can last against Xu Tui? Does he have any chance of winning?” a student asked.

“Any chance of winning? Don’t joke around.” Peter replied angrily, “One second! I think that it’s unlikely that Darkwin can last a second against Xu Tui.”

“One of the top ten genius students this year can only last a second against Xu Tui. This is unlikely…”

Hiss!

A gasp instantly sounded.

In the arena, the countdown screen dissipated. The moment it dissipated, an extremely powerful energy field erupted around Darkwin.

It was the Instant Strike of the Extreme Branch. If he advanced at an extremely fast speed, he could even cause a visual disappearance!

With the Instant Strike, Darkwin would be able to rush to Xu Tui’s side and attack. However, just as the energy field around Darkwin erupted and his body became blurry, his mind power fluctuated.

Darkwin’s body trembled, and the energy field fluctuations dissipated.

Chi chi chi!

The sound of three earth spikes piercing into flesh rang out at the same time.

The mental whip and earth spikes were activated.

In an instant, Darkwin was lifted up by three earth spikes. There was an earth spike in the middle of his crotch and one in his left armpit. Because his body was tilted, the other one pierced into his right chest.

Darkwin was mentally prepared for being injured. He had his own thoughts. Even if he was injured, he had to endure it. He could not roar. He had to endure it even if he gritted his teeth! He had to display the image of a tough guy!

Unfortunately, when the pain really came, especially when the pain of having his eggs pierced through came, Darkwin fell into despair!

The pain was indescribable! He could not help it! In the next moment, Darkwin, who had been pierced by the spikes, let out a hysterical scream.

It hurts! It was too painful!

Below the stage, the Huaxia Sector students who had been chatting with Peter about how long Darkwin could last opened their mouths wide!

Damn!

Damn!

One second? Did he even have a second? Not even half a second, right?

Darkwin kneeled at the start! No, Darkwin did not kneel at the start. Instead, he was skewered at the start!

The Huaxia students were not the only ones who were shocked. The students from the other alliances, especially the genius students from the other alliances, were all shocked!

They were really shocked. It could even be said that they were frightened.

Darkwin was skewered the moment he started!@@novelbin@@

Darkwin was one of the top ten genius students of the various sectors. He definitely had the strength to fight for the ranking of the top ten geniuses.

Why was he skewered at the start? Was the difference in strength between him and Xu Tui that great?

Xu Tui was also shocked.

Damn it, in order to show that he took one of the top ten genius students seriously, he specially used his mental whip and the Earth Spike.

However, he was too weak! He felt that the mental whip was a little redundant.

The teacher on duty, Kisuke Kawamoto, was about to break down. He was about to curse! He was skewered again!

Another one was seriously injured! He was severely injured at the start. He did not even have the time to intervene.

Could he still be on duty?