Chapter 433 - The Worst Scene

Chapter 433: The Worst Scene

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui would definitely continue to challenge them. The earlier he pierced through the Prodigy List, the earlier he could cultivate. His time was very precious.

He chose the 89th place for the second challenge. His name was a little long, so he did not remember it carefully. However, he was a student from the India Sector.

There were only ten targets to choose from for each challenge. Xu Tui’s selection criteria were to prioritize the students who were from the India Sector. Then, he would randomly choose the students from the other sectors.

Xu Tui would not have chosen to challenge the students from the Huaxia Sector if he had a choice. Night was indeed the best time to challenge the Prodigy List.

After the teacher on duty contacted him, the 89th student on the Prodigy List said that he had time and was nearby. He would be in position in two minutes. Of course, it was mainly because the students who had come to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College were all in the Moon base.

You want to go out for a walk? No way! Even if there was a door, he had to understand the Moon’s vacuum environment.

The oxygen concentration on the Blue Star was about 20%. After the students came to the extra-terrestrial, they first went through enhanced adaptability training, then cooperated with the medicine to activate the oxygen-powered genetic base points. Now, they had already adapted to life at a 3% oxygen concentration and could even fight.

But in a vacuum environment? You’ll suffocate to death in minutes!

Therefore, all the students were gathered in this area to play. It was impossible for them not to respond quickly.

“Get ready. The countdown projection will begin.”

The rhythm of the challenge presided over by the teacher on duty, Kisuke Kawamoto, was very fast. However, the moment the countdown projection began, the mind power of the teacher on duty swept out.

It began to patrol the sky above the seventh combat area. He was prepared to interfere in the battle and save people at any time. Moreover, the focus was on Xu Tui’s opponent.

Just now, Essen had already criticized him for not being careful enough. If he made another mistake, he would probably be criticized.@@novelbin@@

Kisuke Kawamoto was only at the Genetic Evolution Realm. It was not a good thing to be criticized by a senior at the Genetic Transmutation Realm at the moon base.

Xu Tui naturally sensed the mind power that was patrolling above his head. It was too obvious. Moreover, it mainly enveloped the vicinity of the 89th student on the Prodigy List. It was obvious that he was protecting this student.

It was mainly because Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula was too powerful.

Of course, it was not that the Mountain Formula was that powerful. Xu Tui’s powerful mind power, his attainments in the original quantum frequency of the Mountain character, and the fact that he had completed the mutation were the fundamental reasons why the Mountain Formula was so powerful.

Below the arena, the surrounding students, especially the Huaxia Sector students who had missed the exciting scene just now, also widened their eyes.

The 89th student was a Mystery Branch supernatural student. The moment the countdown ended, his mind power began to surge crazily. However, at this moment, he suddenly sensed that something was amiss under his feet. He did not have the time to lower his head.

Swish!

An indescribable pain instantly came, causing him to let out a hysterical scream!

The teacher on duty, Kisuke Kawamoto, was stunned! His mind power was already in a rapid reaction state. However, he had no chance at all. When his mind power discovered that it was an earth spike, the student ranked 89th on the Prodigy List had already been pierced through.

He was pierced on the spot.

Fortunately, the Earth Spike was better than the Mountain Formula. The Mountain Formula crushed everything. People would die from that. They could not even save him. But the earth spike was different, even if it pierced through his heart, he could still be saved.

Kisuke Kawamoto, who was in the air, immediately called the medical team. The medical team that had sent Zalli away had not returned yet. This time, a new medical team came.

The captain of the medical team was a water-type supernatural being from the Huaxia Sector who could treat injuries. When he saw the 89th place on the Prodigy List, he gasped!

“F*ck! He was skewered on the spot! We can save his life, but can we keep the eggs?”

For a moment, the medical captain did not dare to take action. Number 89th, who was skewered, was still struggling.

“Don’t move! Stop struggling. If you continue to struggle, you definitely won’t be able to keep your eggs!” the medical captain shouted.

“Student, cooperate with me later. Disperse the spikes when I tell you to.”

“Alright!”

Xu Tui felt a little awkward. Were they all that weak? He really did not use his full strength. He casually stabbed it with the earth spike. Then this student was skewered. He even made it so miserable! He thought that this student would at least be able to dodge. He did not expect him to be skewered.

This made Xu Tui look like a Skewered Demon. The Huaxia students who were watching the battle were already dumbfounded! The pain of being pierced through was unimaginable just by looking at it. How painful would it be for the 89th?

However, even though they were shocked, they were a little confused by this battle. Finally, someone could not take it anymore.

“Is that Number 89 a fool? Doesn’t he know how to dodge? Or was he disturbed by other abilities? Why did he look like a fool who stood there waiting to be skewered by Xu Tui? If it’s really at this level, I can fight it, right?”

“Fool?” Peter stared back at him. “Someone who thinks that is a fool! How many milliseconds are your reflexes?” Peter asked.

“Ten milliseconds. You won’t be able to come to the extra-terrestrial without a ten-millisecond reaction speed and a special flying license.” This student from the Huaxia Sector was not stupid. He immediately realized something. “You’re saying that Xu Tui’s reflexes are very fast? If we have 10 milliseconds, how many milliseconds does Xu Tui have?

“Eight milliseconds? Or five milliseconds? However, the teacher said that this difference in reaction speed of a few milliseconds is not very meaningful in actual combat,” the student questioned.

“What about a ten-fold difference in reaction speed?” Peter asked.

“A tenfold difference in reaction speed?”

The expressions of the students from the Huaxia Sector changed drastically. “That’s impossible, right? The reaction speed of the teachers in our school has only been one millisecond after decades of training.”

“Xu Tui was the one who discovered the eighth and ninth genetic base points of the newly discovered reaction speed. The passive genetic ability chain of the reaction speed was also discovered by him. Do you think Xu Tui’s reaction speed can reach one millisecond?”

Damn!

The Huaxia students who had been fighting just now were all shocked. If that was the case, it was really possible!

“In fact, according to our speculations, Xu Tui’s reaction speed might have exceeded a millisecond. It’s very likely that his overall reaction speed has also reached one millisecond,” Peter said faintly.

The students were shocked again! What the f*ck…

It was already very impressive that they could train their reaction speed to 10 milliseconds in the first semester of their freshman year. However, their overall reaction speed was generally around 13 milliseconds or even 15 milliseconds.

Yet, Xu Tui’s overall reaction speed might have reached one millisecond. If this was purely based on data, Xu Tui would be able to move 15 times if they moved once. Could they still fight this battle against Xu Tui?

Zuo Qingqing and Chi Hongying also turned around to look at Peter. With Xu Tui’s performance, that was a possibility.

Peter said nothing more.

As the first-year Tiger of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, his goal had always been to challenge the first-year Dragon and defeat him to obtain the title. In other words, his target had always been the first-year Dragon, Xu Tui. It had never changed! Knowing the enemy would ensure that you would never be defeated!

Other than training hard, what Peter did the most was study Xu Tui. He studied Xu Tui’s various related abilities and data. What he had just said was one of the results of Peter’s research on Xu Tui. Unfortunately, the more he studied Xu Tui, the less confident he became.

Currently, Xu Tui was invincible.

While the students from the Huaxia Sector were deep in thought and in shock, Xu Tui once again found the teacher on duty to challenge the next student. He was ranked 79th on the Prodigy List! He was still a genius student from the India Sector.

The genius students of the India Sector were the most active. Currently, they have the most people on the rankings.

The teacher on duty contacted him and said that he would be there soon.

At this moment, a portion of students had already gathered in the seventh combat area on Xu Tui’s side. However, they still did not cause much of an impact.

It was mainly because Xu Tui’s battle speed was too fast.

One second? Absolutely not! The battle ended in half a second! It felt as if he had taken a step back. It was just that the students who were challenged looked a little strange when they were carried away.

But it was nothing!

Since the opening of the Prodigy List four days ago, there had been no night when less than three to five people were seriously injured. However, the extra-terrestrial was equipped with supernatural medical abilities. After treatment and a night’s sleep, he would be able to become a hero again in less than a day!

The 79th place was still a student from the India Sector. This student from the Extreme Branch already had some understanding of the two previous battles. As soon as he went on stage, he stared at Xu Tui fiercely.

“Get ready. The countdown projection begins!”

The teacher on duty in Area 7, Kisuke Kawamoto, sent out his mind power again and began to patrol. The requirement for duty was that they could save people and interfere in the battle, but they could not attack the students fighting.

Although no one had died in the previous battle, he felt that if there were seriously injured students on his side, it would make him look like a useless teacher on duty. Therefore, Kisuke Kawamoto’s mind power patrolled the area, preparing to save Xu Tui’s challenge target at the critical moment. He did not want Xu Tui to pierce through him again.

The countdown projection ended. In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power swayed and condensed an earth spike. This time, Xu Tui moved the Earth Spike slightly forward. The spike pierced through the 70th student’s left thigh.

It did not pierce the eggs!

If Xu Tui got the title of the Godly Egg-Piercing Spike, he would definitely not be beautiful. After all, it was only a research arena. There was no need to be too cruel. He had shown a little mercy.

Unfortunately, this Extreme Branch student, who was ranked 79th on the Prodigy List, had an extremely strong sense of attack. He prepared to attack. He was about to attack the moment the countdown ended.

Of course, with Xu Tui’s lightning-fast reaction time, the 79th student on the Prodigy List had only leaned forward under his will to attack, let alone take a step forward. However, this tilt happened to change the angle.

Xu Tui took the initiative to hold back. The earth spike should have brushed past his thigh and pierced through it. It would not have pierced through the egg. But the challenger leaned forward and proactively sent his vital points above the spike.

Swish!

He was pierced through again! The earth spikes perfectly entered his body from between his legs.

Originally, this was considered normal. However, Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto’s mind power was on full alert, ready to attack at any time. He wanted to save the 79th student on the Prodigy List. The moment Xu Tui’s mind power surged, Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto’s mind power turned into a large hand and grabbed the neck of the 79th student on the Prodigy List.

At the same time that Xu Tui launched his attack, Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto also exerted force. However, he had still underestimated Xu Tui’s attack speed.

Pfft!

The 79th student on the Prodigy List, who had just been pierced through by the spikes, was pulled up from the spikes by Kisuke Kawamoto.

An earth-shattering scream rang out.

The most miserable scene in the Prodigy Arena this time appeared!