Chapter 436 - The Anticipated Tag-Team Battle (3)

Chapter 436 The Anticipated Tag-team Battle (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“By the way, Peter, Yuan Shu, do you have any opponents you particularly want to challenge? Give me their names if you do. I’ll challenge them now to force out his strength so that you can observe them.” Xu Tui turned around and asked the people below the arena.

This could be considered as returning a favor to Yuan Shu and Peter. They had painstakingly gathered information and formulated a battle strategy. Although Xu Tui did not use it, he had to remember this intention.

Yuan Shu and Peter shook their heads at the same time. Actually, they had such a target. But it was useless! The difference in strength between them and Xu Tui was too great. There was not much point in observing the battle between Xu Tui and their targets.

Besides, no matter who came up, Xu Tui pierced them through if they stood on the spot. What was the point of observing such a battle? None of them had the ability to pierce through their opponents with a crack.@@novelbin@@

“None?”

Xu Tui felt a little helpless when he saw Peter and Yuan Shu shaking their heads. He did not have a chance to contribute to the Huaxia Sector.

It seemed a little difficult to do good deeds!

“Then I’ll challenge this Darkwin?”

“Yes, you can challenge him! Be careful. This Darkwin is the number one genius of the India Sector. According to the information I gathered, he had already begun to undergo genetic mutation before he came to the extraterrestrial for research. He should have mutated at least one ability. Before he underwent genetic mutation, he had defeated many Level E and Level D genetic mutants!” Yuan Shu quickly instructed.

“By the way, I also have a few battle videos of him that I gathered before I came. Do you want to watch them now?”

“Thank you. Not at the moment.”

Xu Tui politely refused.

Information? There was no need! Ah Huang, an advanced artificial intelligence supercomputer, was on standby beside Xu Tui. Normal information was gathered in seconds.

Based on the information, Darkwin was indeed a little strong. Of course, he was only a little strong compared to the other students on the Prodigy List.

That did not include Xu Tui.

“Teacher, I want to challenge the first place on the Prodigy List, Darkwin.” Xu Tui found the teacher on duty.

“You are currently ranked 27th. You are indeed qualified to challenge the first place on the Genius List. However, you have to consider carefully. A high ranking on the Prodigy List cannot challenge a low ranking. Do you want to challenge a few more people to increase your combat experience?”

Xu Tui was already familiar with the teacher on duty. He kindly gave Xu Tui a suggestion.

“My combat experience won’t increase because they were skewered on the spot!”

The teacher on duty almost choked on Xu Tui’s words. They were all people who were skewered so they could not increase his combat experience.

This was really… very arrogant! However, this arrogance was built on strength. It was arrogance caused by strength, not just plain arrogance! Therefore, the teacher on duty did not feel disgusted when he heard that. Instead, he smiled.

“Alright, then are you sure you want to challenge the current number one prodigy, Darkwin? I’ll help you contact him!” the teacher on duty said.

“Yes, I’m sure I’ll challenge him! I’ll just take down the first place on the Prodigy List and wait for the tag-team battle. Otherwise, it would be quite boring,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, that’s true. Your battle just now was indeed quite boring. Let me contact Darkwin,” the teacher on duty said.

The students gathered around, especially the students from the Huaxia Sector, were speechless when they heard this!

This was not showing off his strength!

This was arrogance with strength!

He was actually looking forward to the tag-team battle after taking down the number one prodigy!

If Esson had not verified Xu Tui’s identity as a freshman just now, they would definitely think that a shameless third-year student had come to show off among the first-year students!

“Xu Tui, the current number one prodigy, Darkwin, has replied. He has accepted the challenge. He will arrive on time in half an hour.”

“Alright, tell him. I’ll wait for him!”

At the same time, Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto finally heaved a sigh of relief. Xu Tui challenging the current number one prodigy, Darkwin, should not result in a tragedy like the one before. The reason why Darkwin could temporarily occupy the position of the number one prodigy was also because of his strength.