Chapter 432 - Suppression In One Second (2)

Chapter 432: Suppression in One Second (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

However, these were all within the rules of the Prodigy List. It was your bad luck to be disturbed by others. In actual combat, there were too many interference factors from the outside world. If you were accidentally injured by someone else’s AOE ability, it was because you did not avoid it.

This was also a part of actual combat.

Therefore, there was no fixed area in the entire Prodigy Arena. The battle looked a little chaotic, but in reality, it was all within the rules.

“Teacher, are there any consecutive challenge rules?” Xu Tui arrived at the registration area of the Prodigy Arena.

The teacher on duty was a tall man from the European Sector. However, he spoke Huaxia language very fluently. He must have put in a lot of effort to pass Level 6 in the Huaxia language.

Currently, the common language in the extra-terrestrial was Huaxia language. It was not only because the Huaxia Sector had been relatively strong since the Great Genetic Age. It was said that there was a deeper reason.

“Continuous challenges? Do you mean that you want to register and challenge several rankings at the same time?” The teacher on duty smiled and shook his head. “Student, that won’t do. It was a good thing to be confident, but excessive confidence was arrogance! According to the rules, you could only register to challenge one ranking at a time. Of course, if you win, you can keep challenging the rankings.”

“Alright, then I’ll challenge the 96th place, this student named Zalli.”

“Alright, wait a moment! The 96th place hasn’t finished today’s matches. He doesn’t have the right to refuse, but I need to confirm how long it will take for him to arrive,” the teacher on duty said.

“Alright. Thank you.”

The rules of the Prodigy List arena were similar to the Longhu List of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The largest challenge span was ten people. It could be considered a pure battle of attrition from this aspect. He had to obtain a certain ranking in a tag-team battle.

However, the number of people who challenged the top ten geniuses had increased to 30. In other words, the 31st place on the Prodigy List could challenge the number one prodigy. This was also the rule guarantee that only those with true abilities could obtain the spots of the top ten geniuses.

“You’re very lucky. The 96th place, Zalli, is here. In a minute, in the seventh combat area.” The teacher on duty was very efficient and immediately made arrangements.

“Thank you!”

Xu Tui did not have much of a reason for challenging Zalli, who was ranked 96th. It was purely because this guy was from the India Sector.

Xu Tui hated the India Sector. The people who stabbed him in the back a few times were all from the India Sector. Whether it was the satellite surveillance incident or the people from the India Sector during the Niyah incident.

Although they had all failed, they had left an extremely bad impression on Xu Tui.

There were teachers on duty in the entire Prodigy List arena. The original intention of the arena was to compete and stimulate. It was for actual combat, not to cause the deaths of geniuses. Therefore, there was a guard in the entire Prodigy List arena. He was a Mystery Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm expert with extremely powerful mind power.

Other than that, there was a teacher on duty in each of the ten areas. The area guards were for both the referee and protection. They were also headed by Genetic Evolvers from the Mystery Branch who had powerful mind power.

Soon, less than 30 seconds after Xu Tui arrived at Area 7, the opponent he chose to challenge, Zalli, who was ranked 96th on the Prodigy List, also arrived at Area 7.

Everything in the Moon base was concise and efficient.

Therefore, the pace of the Prodigy List was very fast. There were no rules or questions. You’ve already taken the initiative to stand in this arena. If you still don’t understand the rules, you’re courting death! You were lucky that you did not lose. You deserved it if you’re crippled and lost!

“Get ready. The five-second battle countdown projection screen will begin.” The teacher on duty immediately activated the countdown screen.

“Xu Tui from Huaxia.”

“Zalli, India Sector.”

Zalli, who was not wearing a headscarf and was only wearing a standard combat uniform, was slightly stunned when he heard Xu Tui’s name.

It sounded familiar. However, he did not have the time to think too much about it.

A second after the simple name announcement, the countdown on the projection screen returned to zero. The screen disappeared, and Zalli, who was from the Extreme Branch, darted out like a tiger. He was even faster than the fastest cheetah.

However, the moment he dashed out,

Boom!

A mountain with a faint outline appeared above Zalli’s head and fell. The teacher on duty did not have time to react.

However, Esson, who was the overall guard of the Prodigy List’s arena, was shocked by this intense mental fluctuation. The mountain that appeared in his mental perception directly made Esson’s mind power shoot towards Zalli like a rocket.@@novelbin@@

There was no other reason. This was because in Esson’s mental perception, if the mountain hit, Zalli would be crushed! Even if there were Mystery Branch experts who were proficient in healing abilities, they would not be able to save him.

Xu Tui, who had directly materialized the Mountain Formula, felt an extremely powerful mind power pierce into the bottom of his Mountain Formula like a rocket. Then, it firmly held on. He had withstood his Mountain Formula!

Then, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula shattered. It was directly shattered by the javelin-like mind power.

In the seventh combat area, Zalli, who had just darted out, had already fallen to the ground in a strange posture. At this moment, Zalli felt that his muscular and fat butt was about to shatter from the pain. It was as if he had been crushed by a mountain. He was in so much pain that he wanted to vomit blood. He did not even understand what had happened. Also, his head hurt as if he had been hit by a hammer.

In the distance, Essen took a step forward. His figure flashed and he appeared above Area 7. The teacher on duty in the area was already covered in cold sweat. He cursed in his heart! This was not just a matter of carelessness. Someone had almost died!

Although it was within the allowed range for someone to die on the Prodigy List, he definitely had a huge responsibility as a guard in this area.

Fortunately, Esson took action in time. However, even if Essen intervened immediately, the Mountain Formula had already suppressed him when his mind power arrived due to the distance.

If he was a step slower, Zalli would have been crushed into a pancake.

Xu Tui was also shocked.

So weak!

Those who could come were all genius students from the various sectors. Those who could make it onto the rankings were definitely famous geniuses from the various sectors.

Although Xu Tui hated the India Sector, he had only wanted to suppress Zalli with the Mountain Formula just now. He did not want to crush him into a pancake.

Below the arena, Zuo Qingqing, Chi Hongying, and Peter, who had arrived first, were speechless.

Damn it, was this Xu Tui’s strength? To be able to reach the 96th place on the fourth day, Zalli was definitely not weak. However, he was suppressed by Xu Tui. If the chief guard had not defended him, he would have lost his life.

Just how strong was Xu Tui?

Yuan Shu and the genius students from the other universities in the Huaxia Sector were all stunned. They had only arrived half a minute late. But the battle was over just like that? It seemed that the countdown screen had just disappeared when they arrived nearby. Was the challenge over just like that? Was there even a second?

“Mr. Esson, Zalli’s pelvis is shattered, and his skull is slightly fractured. He needs treatment.”

“Yes, call him a medical doctor.”

Esson’s gaze landed on Xu Tui. “What year are you in?”

Esson felt that this student must be a third-year or even fourth-year student who had deliberately come to snatch the top ten geniuses. Were the actions of the Huaxia Sector that dirty?

“A first year at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College!”

“First-year?”

Esson was stunned. He was very surprised. How could he be a freshman?

“Project your personal information.”

Xu Tui did as he was told. Esson specifically checked the identity of Xu Tui. Then, he cursed repeatedly. Xu Tui was really a freshman. He was stunned. He stared at Xu Tui and turned to leave.

“Alright, you can continue. Be careful. I don’t want to take action again. Furthermore, I might not be able to do it in time next time!”

The first sentence was directed at Xu Tui, but the second sentence was directed at the teacher on duty from the Yamato Sector, Kisuke Kawamoto. It had a hint of reprimand.

“Teacher, don’t worry!”

The teacher on duty, Kisuke Kawamoto, had already been agitated by the reprimand.