Chapter 430 - I Don’T Need It

Chapter 430: I Don’t Need It

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At seven o’clock in the evening on the 22nd of January, a group of students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had already gathered at the combat arena specially set up by the Moon base for the Prodigy List.

Peter, Yuan Shu, Li Cheng, Xiang Chun, Shen Ziyu, Zuo Qingqing, Che Zhan, and the rest of the genius students from the other Genetic Evolution Colleges had already gathered together.

In the Huaxia Sector, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was unquestionably the number one. Naturally, the genius students of the other genetic evolution colleges gathered around the geniuses of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

If this was the Huaxia Sector, there might be internal competition. However, this was the extra-terrestrial. Moreover, just as Yuan Shu and Peter had said, a strategy was needed to challenge the rankings.

There was no Almighty. Every genetic newcomer had their strengths and weaknesses. If someone scouted the way and discovered the weakness of the target’s enemy in advance, it would be easier for them to win and their ranking would be higher.

Moreover, there was a limit to the number of times one could accept a challenge. They could use those tactics now.

For example, in order to maintain a certain ranking, they could completely send his own people to challenge him five to six times in a row. He had to accept the challenge several times after he used up all of them.

Then, he refused to fight. This was within the rules. What can you do to me?

If this was the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, they would be despised if they relied on this method to obtain a ranking. However, it was normal in the extra-terrestrial. It was worth mentioning that the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College did not care about such matters.

The rules are there. How you use them is your right.

From this point of view, the Extra-terrestrial had already begun to encourage students to use tactics and even strategies from the first stop of actual combat—the Prodigy List.

There was only one goal in mind—win, obtain a ranking!

To put it bluntly, from this rule, the Prodigy List was already teaching these genius students on the Blue Star one thing. It was fine as long as he could win and maintain his ranking. The process was not important. What was important was the outcome!

This concept was slightly enlarged. In the intergalactic battlefield, the most important thing was to win and survive. The process and methods were not too important.

It was also because many people had realized this, or rather, their teachers had taught them this. At this moment, nearly half of the students from the Huaxia Sector had gathered around Yuan Shu, Peter, and the others.

Yuan Shu, who had provided everyone with the information of the other students from other sectors, had undoubtedly become the leader of the opinions. He had already begun to arrange tactics.

They took turns attacking and challenging.

However, Yuan Shu was still in the stage of formulating a strategy. He did not start to arrange for someone to challenge the rankings. He was still waiting for the most important person to come—Xu Tui.

At seven o’clock in the evening, the students from the various sectors had already finished their training and rested for a period of time. Those who accepted the challenge at this time could respond quickly.

In just one afternoon, Yuan Shu, Peter, Che Zhan, and the others had developed several battle tactics to challenge the rankings. They had even found ten powerful opponents for Xu Tui. These ten people were basically all genius students ranked first and second in the various sectors. Their battle results were astonishing.

If Xu Tui needed it, they could immediately arrange for someone to challenge these genius students to scout the way for him.

Of course, Xu Tui challenging these genius students was also an important time for them to observe. Regardless of whether Xu Tui could reach the top or not, they had to fight these genius students in order to obtain the best ranking.

After all, other than the reward for being the number one prodigy on the Prodigy List being the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, anyone who was on the rankings would be rewarded!

For example, the second and third place on the Prodigy List were rewarded with five grams of natural Origin Crystals.

From the fourth to the tenth place on the Prodigy List, the reward was three grams of natural Origin Crystals.

From the 11th to the 40th place, the reward was a gram of natural Origin Crystals.

From the 41st to the 70th place, the reward was two Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixirs.

From the 71st to the 100th place, the reward was an Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir.

The Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir was concocted with Origin Crystal Energy and a special formula. After being injected, it could strengthen the body to a certain extent.

This strengthening was all-rounded. From bones to blood vessels, muscles, ligaments, organ functions, and so on. The enhancement was not large. It increased by about 2% every injection. However, this enhancement was a full-body enhancement. Overall, the enhancement effect was still very powerful.

Moreover, it was not only effective against the Extreme Branch. The Mystery Branch was also effective. It could also strengthen the mind power and even superpowers of the Mystery Branch to a certain extent. It was very small, but it was also extremely precious to the Mystery Branch students who had extremely limited ways of improving.

In essence, the most basic starting point for all mind power, including superpowers, was the various organs of the body of genetic newcomers. In that case, the strengthening of the various organs in the body of genetic newcomers would naturally increase the related abilities.

Origin Enhancement Elixir could only be exchanged with contribution points in the extra-terrestrial. It costs 500 contribution points per bottle. Everyone could be administered with five to ten bottles depending on their physique. Any more and it would lose its effect.

This reward was very shocking.

Over the past few days, many students had learned about the exchange price of certain precious resources in the moon base.

For example, Origin Crystals.

The official exchange price of one gram of Origin Crystals in the moon base was 1,000 contribution points. The price of transparent mind power Origin Crystals doubled.

Another example was the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir that was rewarded to the first place on the Prodigy List. In the Moon base, those with individual rights above Level B could exchange for 10,000 contribution points for one bottle and two bottles every year.

The exchange price for those with individual rights below Level B was 20,000 contribution points per bottle. They could purchase one bottle every year.

It was said that the production of this thing was very limited.

Many students could only look at the reward for being ranked first on the Prodigy List. However, they could fight for the other rewards. If he managed to get it, his strength would increase!

Moreover, every ranking in the top 100 of the Prodigy List represented a spot as the captain during the actual training on Mars.

Captains could form their own teams and choose more suitable teammates for Mars training. The possibility of obtaining a better battle record was higher.

Therefore, be it Yuan Shu, Peter, or the genius students of the other genetic evolution colleges, they all wanted to obtain a ranking and reward through a collective strategy.

However, after waiting for more than an hour until seven o’clock, Yuan Shu and the others did not see Xu Tui. Instead, they saw Instructor Lu Kang.

Instructor Lu Kang was a little anxious. There were only seven days in total. The fourth day was about to pass. There were no large-scale sweeps of the rankings among the students in the Huaxia Sector. If this continued, they would not have much time left.

The Moon base was equipped with Mystery Branch healers. Even if they were seriously injured, they would recover in half a day. This meant that many people could participate in the battle again. Therefore, they had to sweep the rankings earlier.

It did not matter even if they lost. They would challenge again after figuring out the enemy’s target. Then, on the last day, they used tactics to lock onto the rankings.

The fourth day was almost over. There were only a few people in the Huaxia Sector who were on the rankings, and there was not a single person in the top 50. Lu Kang, the instructor, had to be anxious!

This was not only related to his reputation, but also the reputation of the Huaxia Sector. In the extra-terrestrial, the role of the new student rankings every year was actually the same as the Blue Star Olympics a hundred years ago.

Although it did not represent the strength of the country, it could reflect the strength of the country to a certain extent. Clearly, the influence of the Blue Star Prodigy List was more than ten times stronger than the Blue Star Olympics a hundred years ago.

This was the true display of strength and intelligence of the geniuses of the various sectors. The number of geniuses from the various sectors who could make it onto the rankings also represented how many experts the various sectors could produce in the future.

The impact was huge! It could even affect the distribution of extraterrestrial benefits to a certain extent.

Why did the India Sector jump on the Blue Star? Why were they also fighting for the first place in the extra-terrestrial?

There was only one reason—an independent base!

A hundred years ago, they did not have an independent base due to strength and technology, of course, it was more of an attitude.

There were invaders in the extra-terrestrial? Oh, the stronger ones will go first. You guys hold on first. We’ll catch up later. Then, when the India Sector really appeared, they would fumble the ball.

It was also because of this that the India Sector did not split too many extraterrestrial benefits after the extraterrestrial defense line was built.

The India Sector was also the only one without an independent base on Mars. Now, the India Sector had the strength and technology to establish an independent base on Mars. However, the other alliances did not agree. Therefore, they had to jump and fight for all kinds of opportunities.

Similarly, for the Huaxia Sector, they would retreat if they did not advance. This was also the fundamental reason why Instructor Lu Kang was anxious.

“Why haven’t you started sweeping the rankings? You have to rest for at least half a day if you are injured once. You might take a day to recover from your serious injuries. If you don’t fight today, you might only have three or even two chances to fight in the future.” Lu Kang’s tone was a little stern.

“Instructor Lu, we have already formulated a large strategy and concrete tactics. However, we are still waiting for Xu Tui. Many of the tactics were used to help him get into the top three of the Prodigy List,” Yuan Shu said.

Hearing this, Lu Kang nodded. Planning before taking action was a Huaxia tradition. Power could only be unleashed exponentially when it was combined with intelligence.

“Where’s Xu Tui? Urge him…”

“Instructor Lu, I’m here.”

The moment Xu Tui’s voice sounded, Lu Kang, Yuan Shu, and everyone else looked at Xu Tui.

“Why did you drag it out until now?” Looking at the time, it was almost eight in the evening. Lu Kang was a little dissatisfied.

“I’m sorry. I went overboard with my training in the afternoon and consumed a lot of my mind power. I only came over after sleeping,” Xu Tui said.

Lu Kang frowned. He had a good impression of Xu Tui. However, with so many students, many of the tactics they had come up with were still in Xu Tui’s service. He was a little dissatisfied that he was so late.

“It’s fine. We didn’t agree on a specific time before.”

Yuan Shu helped Xu Tui out of his predicament. This surprised Xu Tui. This fellow’s attitude toward him had taken a 180-degree turn.@@novelbin@@

“Alright, since Xu Tui is here, let’s implement our previous tactics and pave the way for Xu Tui to get into the top three.”

Yuan Shu directly projected a diagram that projected the images of ten students from various sectors.

“Xu Tui, this is the main opponent we selected for you. We have all the information, but it’s a little behind. Therefore, in the next hour, I will arrange for two of each of the ten targets to challenge them and find out their background.

“Pay attention and observe. If you feel that there is anyone you need to pay attention to or don’t observe enough, just tell me. I’ll arrange for more people to challenge them for you to observe and analyze their strength. I’ll find their weaknesses. Then, you can challenge them!” Yuan Shu said.

This tactical arrangement made Instructor Lu Kang nod in satisfaction. Yuan Shu had the aura of a general.

“Xu Tui, if you have no objections, I’ll arrange for someone to challenge him now. Watch and learn,” Yuan Shu said.

“Wait.”

“What’s wrong?” Yuan Shu quickly asked.

“Thank you for your arrangements and contributions. However, I don’t need this to challenge the Prodigy List!”

“No need? What do you mean no need?” Yuan Shu was stunned.

“It’s just the rankings of the first-year students in the various sectors.” Xu Tui had a confident expression. “I don’t need you to help me scout the way for the time being. I’ll just sweep the rankings.”

After saying that, Xu Tui turned around and walked toward the registration area of the Prodigy List arena. “Oh, yes, if you have any targets you need to observe, tell me. I’ll help you clear the way.”