Chapter 439 - Reward And Battle

Chapter 439: Reward and Battle

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Many people felt that the number one genius student of the India Sector, Darkwin, who had been defeated by Xu Tui at the beginning, was too useless. Especially since the India Sector had a tradition of boasting.

Therefore, many of the students who had come to the Extraterrestrial this time felt that one of the top 10 genius students that Xu Tui had defeated at the beginning, Darkwin, did not live up to his reputation.

However, on the sixth day of the battle of the Prodigy List, Darkwin proved himself with his strength. He proved that he was definitely worthy of being one of the top ten genius students this year.

On the sixth day of the battle of the Prodigy List, Darkwin, who was temporarily ranked second, fought nine consecutive battles. The interval between each battle was 30 minutes to an hour.

Darkwin had accepted the challenge at nine in the morning. By 10 p.m., he had completed nine matches in a good rhythm.

He lost five to four. His ranking dropped from second to seventh.

However, all the students were also shocked.

Out of the five matches that he had lost, two of them were to Nite from the American Sector and Cherkin from the Russian Federation. In these two matches, he lost in terms of strength.

These two people were the ones who challenged Darkwin in the second and third rounds. They were very strong.

However, the other three matches, including the battle where he lost to Peter from the Huaxia Sector, could not be differentiated in strength.@@novelbin@@

After fighting several battles in a row, not only was he injured, but he had also consumed a large amount of his stamina and energy field. Although he had recovered, his recovery speed was definitely not comparable to the speed at which he was consumed during the battle.

On the sixth day, the first round of tag-team battles formed by the genius students of the various sectors successfully pushed Darkwin from the second to the seventh prodigy.

However, Darkwin was honored even though he had lost.

Darkwin was really powerful! Excluding the fact that he was taking turns to fight, Darkwin’s strength should be able to enter the top five of the Prodigy List.

That was where the problem was.

Darkwin was so powerful, but Xu Tui could pierce through him the moment he started. So how strong was Xu Tui? Just how powerful was the current number one prodigy, Xu Tui?

This problem was not limited to the thousands of extraterrestrial research students. The instructors of these students and even the instructors of the various sectors were also considering this problem.

Because the answer to this question was very important!

On the last day of the Prodigy List, should they let the students use the tag-team strategy to challenge Xu Tui’s position as the number one prodigy?

In the past, such a tactic was very common. Moreover, they did not think too much about it.

The number one prodigy would be defeated by everyone in a tag-team battle. If you managed to defend it, you would be the number one prodigy! If you can’t defend it, then move aside. I’ll take the position of the number one prodigy!

However, Xu Tui was different.

This fellow was too ferocious! He would pierce through his opponent the moment he attacked. A student with Darkwin’s strength was skewered at the start and knelt at the start. What was the point of the other students going up to challenge the number one prodigy?

It would be meaningless if he was pierced at the start!

Kneeling at the beginning could not consume Xu Tui’s strength, much less give them a chance to observe. Instead, it would cause a bunch of serious injuries. Being severely injured basically meant that he had lost his chance to challenge on the last day.

At that time, he would not be able to challenge the number one prodigy and would lose the chance to challenge the other rankings.

The gains did not make up for the losses!

Thus, on the last day of the Prodigy List, a strange scene appeared. No one cared about the title of the number one prodigy that had been swiped the most in the past.

No one challenged him!

The second and third prodigies below the first prodigy became the most popular spots. The elite students of the various sectors repeatedly challenged these two positions. Even the genius student of the American Sector, Nite, who was publicly acknowledged as the second strongest, could not achieve nine consecutive victories in a tag-team battle. He had to use the power of the group to stabilize his position as the second genius.

They had a great time fighting in the Prodigy List.

Xu Tui, who had been sitting on the bench for a long time, felt a little depressed.

No one challenged him! The battle he was looking forward to did not happen at all. It’s fine even if a few people came to challenge Xu Tui. Unfortunately, no one gave him this chance. The position of the number one prodigy this year seemed to have become air.

Xu Tui sat there for a while before leaving, feeling a little depressed.

If no one challenges me, I’ll go cultivate! Besides, there was no point in challenging me. It was quite boring to skewer people.

After comprehending it for a month or two, he still had not touched the edge of the quantum entanglement state of his mind power. If the quantum entanglement state of mind power could not be formed, he would not be able to master the Heart Sword Heart Eye, much less cultivate the Dimensional Explosion.

Xu Tui was a little anxious. He had even called An Xiaoxue for this.

An Xiaoxue only told Xu Tui not to be anxious.

The quantum entanglement state of mind power was the foundation of many superpowers. Current technology has not been fully researched. Although human cultivation brought about a lot of ‘mystery’, it was still very difficult.

He should be able to succeed if he cultivated according to the cultivation method.

Xu Tui felt a little helpless about this. There was indeed a way to cultivate the mind power entanglement state in the Genetic Miracle. However, the problem was that this method was also very similar. He felt that it was a little difficult to cultivate a mind power quantum entanglement state that he did not know about.

However, after some reflection, Xu Tui felt that he might have been a little anxious.

An Xiaoxue had spent almost two years practicing this step. Xu Tui had only spent two months, but he was already a little anxious. This mentality is not suitable.

With this reflective mentality, the Blue Star Prodigy List Battle ended at 10 p.m. on the 25th of January.

The rankings were established.

The moment the rankings were confirmed, a group of second-year students in another dormitory area of the Moon base had a strange expression. Especially Dai Lijun, Cui Xi, and the others.

Last year, Dai Lijun had temporarily stood at the top of the Prodigy List. Cui Xi had even helped him. Unfortunately, he could not hold on to the position.

Dai Lijun was directly removed from the rankings by eight rounds of tag-team battles. That day, the position of the number one prodigy had changed seven times. In the end, it was a guy from the European Sector who managed to stabilize his position with his ferocity. He would risk his life for anyone who challenged him! He exchanged light injuries for serious injuries. He had severely injured his opponent.

It was so difficult for that genius to get first place!

But what about Xu Tui?

A battle! He had f*cking won the first place in a single battle! No one had even challenged him. It was ridiculously easy.

They could not compare! His chest hurt once they compared!

Xu Tui had taken the first place on the Prodigy List. He was definitely the first person to take the first place on the Prodigy List easily in history.

“Old Dai, does your chest hurt?” Cui Xi smiled and said, “Actually, you should have thought about it long ago! Xu Tui could defeat you in school. In that case, it was very normal for him to obtain the first place on this year’s Prodigy List. It was relaxed and normal! It was normal for a primary school student to step on a nursery child!

“Don’t sulk. We are all from the Huaxia Sector. This is an honor!”

Dai Lijun glared at Cui Xi. “Am I that petty? I’m wondering how strong Xu Tui is. I was still wondering if Xu Tui had held back when he challenged me in school a month ago.”

“Then what do you think? In any case, he must have held back in the battle with me!” Cui Xi said.

“I wasn’t too sure before, but today, I think there’s a high chance that he held back.”

“Xu Tui held back when he challenged you?” Cui Xi was a little shocked. If that was the case, Xu Tui’s strength would be too terrifying.

In another training area, even in the extra-terrestrial, Luo Murong, who was still dressed in ancient clothes, was practicing his saber. The saber light dissipated. The third-year dragon, Chu Wei, and Yan Lie walked in at the same time. They casually threw a small oxygen bag to Luo Murong.

“Murong, you’re getting more and more powerful. Although the cultivation environment you chose just now is not a vacuum, the oxygen concentration is already lower than 0.5%. You can’t defeat me on the Blue Star, but I might not be your match in an equally harsh environment.”

Luo Murong took the oxygen bag and controlled his breathing to take a deep breath. “What’s the matter?”

“He has something on.” Chu Wei pointed at Yan Lie.

“Murong, your roommate easily obtained the position of the number one prodigy this year. I’ve watched his battle video. I think he’s very suitable to be my teammate. I want you to introduce him to me. I don’t have his contact information and I’m not familiar with him,” Yan Lie said.

“You’ve been alone for two years. You actually want teammates this year?” Luo Murong looked at Yan Lie and asked.

“In the past, there was no suitable one. I could only travel alone. However, there were some things that I could not do even if I wanted to. I saw that there was a suitable one this year, so I wanted to try it out,” Yan Lie said.

“I’ll send him a message at night to explain the situation. Then, I’ll attach your contact information. I don’t know if he’ll contact you,” Luo Murong said.

“Alright, thank you!”

…

On the morning of January 27th, Instructor Lu Kang gathered the students of the Huaxia Sector again.

Instructor Lu Kang was very excited. His usually serious face was smiling like a flower today. His smile was exceptionally terrifying!

He had no choice. He had to be happy! The students from the Huaxia Sector were too awesome.

The number one prodigy! The position of the number one prodigy was back!

The last time the Huaxia Sector obtained the position of the number one prodigy was three years ago. The current Dragon of Huaxia on the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and the first-year Dragon of three years ago, Li Zhouchen, had obtained it.

It had been empty for two years. It had been taken back by the Huaxia Sector again!

After the rankings were sealed last night, Instructor Lu Kang felt that his waist had become much thicker. He felt that his entire body had become thicker. He did not even make way when he walked.

He had gotten first place twice in four years! The Huaxia Sector was mighty!

Other than that, Peter had taken down the fifth prodigy. It was a shocking battle record. In the top 100 of the Prodigy List, the Huaxia Sector had obtained a total of 21 spots. They were number one in total!

This was also very awesome!

Of course, all of this was nothing in the dazzling position of the number one prodigy.

“The results of the Prodigy List are very good! Applause! However, the Prodigy List is only the beginning of actual combat. The actual Mars training is the real actual combat! From this afternoon onwards, the base will highlight the situation on Mars to you and the characteristics of the enemies you might encounter.

“The afternoon after tomorrow, you will be free to form a Mars training team. You will also have a day to familiarize yourself with each other. On the 29th of January, we set off for Mars to participate in the battle!”

When the words ‘participate in the battle’ came out of Instructor Lu Kang’s mouth, it was exceptionally shocking. These words brought about a feeling of war. Many students were stunned when they heard that. Their hearts became a little heavy. It was also a little complicated.

“Alright, next, please follow me to receive your rewards,” Instructor Lu Kang said.

Cheers immediately rang out. This was especially so for the students who had obtained a ranking and passed the competition. They were exceptionally happy. It was finally time to receive their reward.

Xu Tui was also delighted. He was finally going to receive his reward. There had been no movement for the past few days. He thought that the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College had forgotten about their reward.

Two bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

Xu Tui was really looking forward to the effect.