Chapter 431 - Suppression In One Second (1)

Chapter 431: Suppression in One Second (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“It’s just the Prodigy List of the first-year students in the various sectors!”

Xu Tui turned around and left. However, his words instantly caused the dissatisfaction of many students from the Huaxia Sector. This was especially so for the genius students from the other genetic evolution colleges in the Huaxia Sector. Some of them with explosive tempers instantly became angry.

“F*ck, isn’t this too arrogant? What do you mean by just the first-year genius rankings of the various sectors?”

“Are all the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College so arrogant? We’ve worked hard for hours to come up with a battle strategy. He was here. He said ‘no need’ and ‘just’ and that’s it? Can he be more arrogant?”

“F*ck, in terms of posturing, I’ll give Xu Tui full marks!”

The genius students of the Huaxia Sector were all very dissatisfied. Even Instructor Lu Kang frowned slightly. It was good to be confident. However, if he was too arrogant, he would easily fall.

“You guys… can’t imagine how powerful Xu Tui is!”

Zuo Qingqing glanced at the complaining students from the other schools and gave them a slightly disdainful look. She walked straight to the arena of the Prodigy List. It was better to occupy a good position as soon as possible.

“A bunch of weaklings! If you’re weak, don’t suspect that others are strong! I’m a second-year student, but I don’t even dare to provoke him. You guys!”

The hot-tempered Chi Hongying was even more direct. She was just short of scolding them. Four months ago, Xu Tui had been able to kill a third-year student from the New India Genetic Evolution College. How powerful was Xu Tui now?

Chi Hongying was a second-year student, but this was her first time in the extra-terrestrial, so she was treated like a new student. Of course, although Chi Hongying was a second-year student, she could also challenge the Prodigy List because it was her first time at the extraterrestrial moon base.

On this point, the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was very open-minded.

A true genius could come to the extra-terrestrial for research in their first year. If a family wanted one to become the number one prodigy and nurtured a genius into a third-year student before sending him to the Extra-terrestrial to fight for the number one prodigy, the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College would not stop them.

No matter what kind of genius he was, he would not be a genius if he stayed in the extra-terrestrial until his third year.

The two beauties openly supported Xu Tui. One of them looked down on them, while the other started scolding them. The dozens of students from the Huaxia Sector who had exploded in dissatisfaction just now were all angered.

Under such circumstances, they could not flare up at the two girls. Their angry gazes landed on the organizers, Yuan Shu and Peter.

Peter smiled bitterly.

“You really don’t know! Xu Tui is too powerful.”

“How strong?”

“Do you know the second-year Dragon of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the second on the Prodigy List last year, Dai Lijun?”

“I know! The top ten geniuses of every batch have their names left behind.”

“More than a month ago, Xu Tui challenged Dai Lijun in our Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and defeated him.”

The students from the Huaxia Sector who had erupted in dissatisfaction just now were instantly shocked.

“And it’s the kind that can be easily suppressed! Xu Tui did not even have minor injuries!”

“Damn!”

“Oh, f*ck!”

“Is he really that awesome?”

The students who had erupted in dissatisfaction just now gasped in disbelief! They believed what Peter said. Xu Tui was very strong. However, they felt that Peter’s words about Xu Tui easily suppressing the second genius of last year, Dai Lijun, were a little mysterious.

He shouldn’t brag like this, right?

“To be honest, Xu Tui is a first-year dragon of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. I am a first-year tiger! However, I had never challenged Xu Tui until now. It was not because I could not win. It was because it was meaningless.

“At my current stage, challenging Xu Tui was purely asking for a beating. It would not increase my combat experience and would even affect my confidence. Therefore, a first-year tiger like me has never challenged the first-year dragon.”

Peter’s words shocked the dissatisfied students again.

Was the difference really that great? Was Xu Tui really that strong?

“Peter, are you and Xu Tui sworn brothers? Why are you absolving him?” Someone in the crowd suddenly joked.@@novelbin@@

Peter was instantly furious!

“I want to become sworn brothers with Xu Tui, but I don’t have that kind of relationship with him, nor can I open my mouth. Forget it if you don’t believe me! F*ck, I went to watch Xu Tui challenge the rankings!”

Peter turned to leave angrily.

Yuan Shu, the organizer, had an awkward expression. “What Peter said is true! However, let’s observe the battle first. Then, we’ll adjust our tactics as needed!”

“Alright.”

Yuan Shu’s words gave these students a way out. They instantly surged toward the Prodigy Arena.

Instructor Lu Kang looked at Xu Tui, who was walking toward the arena, with a strange gaze. Was Xu Tui really that strong?

The arena of the Prodigy List in the Moon base occupied a large area. It was 200 meters long and 150 meters wide. However, because there were many students challenging each other at the same time, especially during peak hours, Therefore, this Prodigy Arena was divided into ten areas.

There were ten small arenas. Each area was fixed at 20 meters long and 15 meters wide. It was a little small in terms of combat areas. However, the rules of the Prodigy Arena were closer to actual combat.

Area 1 to 10 was only the initial combat area. As long as the battle started, the range of the battle would expand to a huge area of 200 meters long and 150 meters wide. Of course, there were also other students fighting. It would interfere with them and also affect them.

Some of the AOE abilities might even accidentally injure the challenger.