Chapter 435 - The Anticipated Tag-Team Battle (2)

Chapter 435: The Anticipated Tag-team Battle (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“There’s a laceration in the internal reproductive system. He’s heavily injured!”

The student ranked 70th on the Prodigy List was carried away.

Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto was stunned! Damn! Why was he seriously injured again? He had tried his best! He had already violated the rules by reminding him earlier and intervening early. But another one was seriously injured!

Only five people in the entire Prodigy Arena were seriously injured tonight. There were two seriously injured and endangered people in the area he was on duty.

Where would he put his face?

But…

Mr. Kisuke Kawamoto had the urge to cry! This was especially so when Esson was staring in this direction with a cold gaze. He had clearly noticed the situation in the seventh challenge area.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, was already a little bored. If the opponents on the Prodigy List all had such strength, what was there to fight on the Prodigy List? He did not want to challenge anyone else if not for the reward.

It was purely a meaningless earth spike. How boring!

In the next moment, Xu Tui directly challenged the 60th place on the Prodigy List.

The 60th place on the Prodigy List happened to be from the India Sector. The students from the India Sector had been very active these few days. They had also provided Xu Tui with enough targets.

The teacher on duty immediately contacted him. He managed to contact him. He was there, but the teacher on duty had a strange gaze.

“Xu Tui, the 60th student on the Prodigy List is here! He can also accept the challenge. However, he said that he has exhausted a lot of his strength and needs an hour and a half of rest to recover,” the teacher on duty said.

“An hour and a half?”

Xu Tui frowned. This was too long. According to the rules of the Prodigy List, one had to accept five challenges. However, they could only request for an hour and a half of rest before each battle. It met the rules.

It was past eight in the evening. It was almost ten in an hour and a half. The Prodigy List would stop at ten o’clock. The teachers on duty also needed to rest.

“Teacher, let’s change it. I’ll challenge the 63rd student on the Prodigy List.”

The 63rd student on the Prodigy List was also from the India Sector. The teacher on duty contacted him again. Then, the teacher on duty’s gaze became strange again.

“The 63rd place on the Prodigy List is also here. He can also accept the challenge. However, he has exhausted his mind power and needs an hour and a half to rest. If you can wait,” the teacher on duty said.

He needed to rest again?

Xu Tui suddenly came to a realization. They refused to fight! Damn it, they were using the rules to refuse to fight! They were betting that he did not want to wait and that he would challenge someone else. It instantly ignited his anger.

“Teacher, what time do you get off work tonight?”

“During the Prodigy List, we close the rankings and rest at 10 p.m. sharp.”

“It’s 8:27 now! Teacher, please tell these two students that I’ll wait for them to rest for an hour and a half. An hour and a half later, at 9:57, I’ll wait for them in the seventh challenge area! I’ll see them!”

The teacher on duty was stunned for a moment. He also understood that Xu Tui had returned to his senses.

“Pass on your original words?”

“Yes!”

“Alright.”

A minute later, the teacher on duty put down the phone. “Xu Tui, the 63rd student on the Prodigy Roll has admitted defeat.”

“Then I’ll continue challenging the 60th place on the Prodigy List! It’s the same words as before,” Xu Tui said.

A minute later, the 60th place on the Prodigy List also admitted defeat on the spot. There was no need to wait.@@novelbin@@

In a corner of the training ground, a young man from the India Sector looked at Xu Tui’s previous four challenge videos with a speechless expression. One was almost crushed into a pulp, and three were skewered. It was more than miserable.

“This guy from the Huaxia Sector is too strong. Only a fool would accept the challenge. Admitting defeat is the best choice!”

He thought about it and sent the video of Xu Tui’s challenge to another student.

“Darkwin should need it. He will definitely fight Xu Tui.”

Darkwin, the current number one of the Blue Star’s 2,138th Prodigy List, came from the India Sector.

Xu Tui’s next challenge was extremely boring. All of them admitted defeat! From the 60th to the 27th place, Xu Tui challenged three more students. All of them admitted defeat. It made Xu Tui feel very bored.

The Prodigy List was too easy!

However, on the other hand, it made sense. Xu Tui had already challenged the top 50 of the Longhu Overall Rankings in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He was already a third-year student at that level.

Now, he was circling around the first-year Prodigy List. Moreover, that was Xu Tui’s strength more than a month ago. It was a little like a primary school student entering a kindergarten. It was normal for there to be no difficulty.

Xu Tui wanted to challenge the top geniuses of the various sectors.

However, after he scanned through the list of the top 10 genius students that Yuan Shu had given him, he realized that these top genius students from the various sectors were each more cowardly than the other.

Up until now, they had not started sweeping the rankings. A few of them were ranked below the 50th place. This should be a strategy for them to obtain a ranking on the Prodigy List. It was good that he had appeared too early and was targeted.

Xu Tui had not noticed it before. The challenge was dull. He wanted to challenge them, but his ranking was too high. He scanned through the other students who occupied a high ranking, but it was meaningless.

Fortunately, there was another person who appeared more thoroughly. It was the student from the India Sector, Darkwin, who was known as the number one genius of the India Sector.