Chapter 444 - Mental Vibrating Whip And Cpr (2)

Chapter 444: Mental Vibrating Whip and CPR (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Just as he finished speaking, An Xiaoxue’s expression changed.

“No, according to your description, your mental whip has also mutated. That must have increased the changes that we don’t know about. Again,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Yes, 1%. Slow down. I’ll use my mental perception to sense carefully,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Alright.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui lashed out three times with his mental whip.

An Xiaoxue’s frown deepened.

“Your mental whip has indeed mutated. There are changes that we don’t know about, but we can’t find them yet. There is a faint vibration force field around the whip.”

Suddenly, An Xiaoxue’s gaze shifted. She casually threw out 50 silver pills from her pocket, forming a five-meter-wide silver array.

“Use your mental whip to whip me through the silver pill array.”

“Okay!

In the next moment, while An Xiaoxue frowned slightly, the silver pills fell to the ground. The silver pills array that the mental whip swept past on both sides lost control and fell to the ground after their mental connection with An Xiaoxue was severed.

An Xiaoxue instantly smiled. He could not see her smile through the mask, but the smile between her brows made Xu Tui very happy.

“Your mutated mental whip has a mind power vibration force field. A one-meter-wide mind power vibration force field is very powerful and practical,” An Xiaoxue said with a smile.

“Mind Power Vibrating Whip?”

“More or less. When you get used to it in the future, you should be able to control the width of the vibration. This ability is really very practical.”

“Is it practical?” Xu Tui did not understand for the time being.

“Look, if the silver pills array just now were to attack you together, would you only be able to take it head-on?”

Xu Tui thought about it and nodded. If An Xiaoxue’s silver pill array were to attack him, he would really have to take it head-on.@@novelbin@@

“At this moment, if you continuously whip your Mental Vibrating Whip, you will cut off the connection between my silver pill and my mind power and remove the threat. Also, you should have a deep impact on Dai Lijun’s sea of fire, right?”

“That’s right!”

“His sea of fire is catalyzed by superpowers. Its source is related to mind power. The sea of fire would basically dissipate within the radius of your whip. Your ability is very useful in actual combat.”

Xu Tui nodded vigorously as he listened. It was a divine artifact that could clear the area! Also, this Mental Vibrating Whip directly affected the enemy’s attack methods.

“You can destroy your opponent’s attack the moment it’s discovered. It felt like a dimensional attack! It was really practical! Come, let’s try the hammer now.”

“How much mind power?”

“You can inject 20% of your mind power at most, right? Then try the 10% mental hammer first,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Okay!

Bang!

A hammer the size of an adult’s fist suddenly passed through An Xiaoxue’s mind power domain. After being weakened by An Xiaoxue’s mind power domain, it struck An Xiaoxue’s head.

An Xiaoxue suddenly frowned. She seemed to be in great pain. Xu Tui’s heart tightened.

“Miss An, are you alright?”

About a second later, An Xiaoxue’s furrowed brows relaxed, and the look of pain disappeared.

“Your mental hammer is purely an ability to shake mind power. Its true power is similar to a hammer on my head. It was very powerful. With the strength of my mind power, your ability can already affect most Genetic Evolvers. Of course, this is also related to your mind power.

“I feel that your mind power should have increased to a certain extent after you were injected with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir,” An Xiaoxue said.

That was true. There were a total of nine genetic base points in the mental whip. Six of them overlapped with the genetic base points in the Genetic Miracle’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

The 72 genetic base points were all related to mind power. The improvement of every genetic base point could increase Xu Tui’s mind power to a certain extent. Today, five of the genetic base points had been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

It naturally increased Xu Tui’s mind power. The distance of his mental perception was the most obvious increase in his mind power. Previously, due to his extreme training, the maximum distance of his blurry mental perception was 182 meters.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned when he tested it on the spot. The maximum distance of his blurry perception was close to 192 meters. The increase was about 5%.

This was another surprise from being administered with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

Mind power was the foundation of all abilities. If his total mind power increased, the power of his other abilities would also increase.

“Alright, let’s test the maximum power of your mental hammer now,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Maximum power? 20%?” Xu Tui was a little hesitant.

The 10% mind power hammer just now had caused An Xiaoxue a little pain. Wouldn’t it be too painful if it doubled? Moreover, Xu Tui vaguely felt that the power of the mental hammer might have more than doubled.

“Since it’s a test, we have to test at the strongest level. Moreover, you are going to Mars for actual training in two days. Testing your ability clearly now is very meaningful to your survival and results. Don’t worry, I’m fine. Come on,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Alright then…”

After spending about two seconds, Xu Tui injected his mind power into the hammer and increased it to its strongest state. With a thought, he raised his hammer and smashed it down.

Xu Tui’s heart trembled the moment it hit the ground. It felt like he was really hitting An Xiaoxue with a hammer! He was a little reluctant.

An Xiaoxue’s mind power domain instantly felt as if a huge rock had been thrown into it. After severely weakening Xu Tui’s mental hammer, the hammer landed heavily on An Xiaoxue’s head.

An Xiaoxue’s expression did not change after being hit by the hammer.

Xu Tui was a little stunned. 20% of the power of the mental hammer was not as powerful as 10%? That was impossible, right?

Before Xu Tui could think about anything, An Xiaoxue suddenly fell backward like a piece of wood.

Damn! Xu Tui was stunned. His hands were trembling!

An Xiaoxue was about to hit the back of her head. Xu Tui used Time Distortion and instantly pounced forward. He protected An Xiaoxue before the back of her head touched the ground. Then, he was stunned.

She had fainted! His hammer directly knocked An Xiaoxue out! Damn it!

Xu Tui’s feelings were indescribable.

Would he cause any problems for An Xiaoxue?

Ah Huang also exclaimed in the earpiece. “F*ck, Xu Tui, you don’t have to be so ruthless, do you? Are you trying to smash Xiaoxue to death with your hammer? Is there anyone like you? Xiaoxue is your teacher. She helped you test your ability, but you want to smash Xiaoxue to death with a hammer. Are you still human?”

“I…”

“Even if you didn’t smash her to death, you knocked her out, and made her into a vegetable, that would be even worse!”

Xu Tui’s hands trembled even more when he heard Ah Huang’s words. He was about to cry from anxiety. If he really smashed An Xiaoxue into a vegetative state, should he chop off his hand or his head?

“I… I’ll call a doctor!”

“What’s the point of calling a doctor for mental injuries? You’re proficient in treating injuries. Hurry up and treat Xiaoxue!” Ah Huang urged.

“But… But I don’t know how to treat mental injuries!” Xu Tui was really anxious. His hands began to tremble.

“Are you stupid? I know. I’ll teach you! CPR! CPR first!” Ah Huang urged.

Xu Tui was a little startled. CPR? He could not react in time.

However, Ah Huang urged Xu Tui like a lunatic, “Why are you still standing there? Hurry up and perform CPR! The 30 seconds after a person’s mind power was injured was the golden time for CPR and treatment. Whether or not Xiaoxue can be saved will depend on your CPR!

“Hurry up! Hurry up and perform CPR!”

As Ah Huang urged him, Xu Tui’s trembling fingers took off An Xiaoxue’s mask. He then lowered his head.

CPR!