Chapter 445 - Which Should He Choose?

Chapter 445: Which Should He Choose?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had learned about CPR in high school. He learned it from a silicone model. However, his hands and mouth were trembling when he faced the real person.

“You’re saving someone. You have to hurry up and save her! Hurry! Hurry, hurry, hurry!”

Under Ah Huang’s demonic urging, Xu Tui first pinched An Xiaoxue’s nose in a standard CPR position. Then, he wrapped his hand around An Xiaoxue’s lips and breathed her out. According to the specifications of CPR, one had to blow twice in a row. The duration of each blow was 1.5 seconds. The process was very standard.

Three seconds later, Xu Tui ran out of air. He raised his head and took a deep breath. While he was inhaling, he licked his lips.

It was a little sweet. The smell was slightly sweet. It was fragrant.

Xu Tui began to like CPR. He leaned over and did it again.

What Xu Tui did not know was that at this moment, Ah Huang had already secretly let out a scheming laugh.

However, just as Xu Tui bent down for the second time, An Xiaoxue’s eyes suddenly opened.

An Xiaoxue, who had just opened her eyes, instantly became angry when she saw Xu Tui’s lips close to hers. She was ashamed and furious.

Xu Tui was a little confused. He did not realize anything. He looked at An Xiaoxue, who had woken up, and smiled. “Eh, Miss An, CPR is really useful in treating mental injuries…”

Xu Tui suddenly sensed that something was wrong. CPR? Mental injury? Were these two things related?

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui. Her gaze was a little shy and angry. It was also a little cold.

“What are you doing?”

“I… I only did CPR once!” Xu Tui, who understood that something was wrong, quickly explained, “Miss An, it’s like this. You were knocked out by me. I was so frightened when you fainted. It was Ah Huang! Ah Huang said that CPR could save you! He even urged me to hurry! Otherwise, you would become a vegetable!

“I was terrified. Ah Huang said that I had to do CPR immediately. I only tried it once. I didn’t expect… I didn’t expect it to be so useful…” Xu Tui’s voice became softer and softer.

An Xiaoxue was fine. Xu Tui had completely calmed down. He also reacted now.

It was a pit. Ah Huang was a liar! Perform CPR to treat mental damage? What kind of f*cking godly logic was this? To think that he believed it and did as he was told.

Xu Tui quickly stood up. He was afraid that An Xiaoxue would hit him hard.

“If you don’t believe me, ask Ah Huang! Miss An, I’m really not lying to you.” Xu Tui was about to cry from the explanation.

“I didn’t!” Xu Tui’s personal communication device took the initiative to speak. It was Ah Huang who spoke. “How can CPR be useful for mental injuries? I’m a dignified advanced artificial intelligence. How can I make such a low-level mistake?”

Ah Huang was pompous! Xu Tui was dumbfounded. He took off his communication device from his wrist and pretended to throw it. “Ah Huang, you tricked me. Why aren’t you telling the truth? Do you believe that I’ll throw you out now?”

“Throw it! My main body is not here. You spent millions to save up this communication device. Also, if you accidentally caused my chip to leave the phone, it would explode within five seconds, producing a high-energy particle beam storm. Everything within a five-meter radius was destroyed! If you want to drag Xiaoxue along to commit suicide, feel free.”

Xu Tui was speechless. He looked at An Xiaoxue, who had just sat up. He then looked at his communication device. He was so depressed that he could not vomit blood. He had been tricked by an advanced artificial retard today!

“Record! Miss An, look. My conversation with Ah Huang is recorded on my communication device.” Xu Tui quickly opened the chat history with Ah Huang on his communication device. However, when he opened it, he realized that it was empty.

There were no records!

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Ah Huang, you… deleted the record. You actually deleted the chat record. You…”

At that moment, Xu Tui could not defend himself. The only evidence had been destroyed by Ah Huang.

“Look, I told you that I wouldn’t make such a low-level mistake,” Ah Huang said seriously.

If Ah Huang were to stand in front of Xu Tui now, Xu Tui would have wanted to throw Ah Huang away.

As for Ah Huang, other than smiling secretly, it was just smug. His scheme had finally succeeded! After waiting for so long, he finally had a chance to make some progress with the pair of ten-thousand-year-old rulers.

It was too hard!

Just as Xu Tui could not defend himself, An Xiaoxue suddenly spoke.

An Xiaoxue, who had put on her mask again, said to Xu Tui, “Alright, there’s no need to explain. I believe you. You did CPR to save me. You were even misled by Ah Huang.”

Xu Tui immediately heaved a sigh of relief, but Ah Huang became anxious.

“Xiaoxue, you can’t slander me. I’m an advanced artificial intelligence. How can I make such a low-level mistake?”

“You didn’t make such a low-level mistake, but you made another low-level mistake,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui and Ah Huang were a little confused.

“The exchange records shouldn’t be empty! I was temporarily unconscious. Be it your identity or Xu Tui’s identity, he should have communicated with you, no matter what the content is. However, the exchange record was empty. That could only mean that you had deleted the exchange record! Would you delete the records if the content of the exchange was normal?”

Xu Tui was amused when he heard that. He gave An Xiaoxue a thumbs-up. “Miss An, you’re the best!”

“Imitate the sound data of all dogs 10,000 times!”

Ah Huang, who had been exposed, sighed weakly.

“In the next year, you can only appear or accompany Xu Tui in the form of a mechanical dog pendant.”

Damn! This order stunned Ah Huang on the spot. This punishment did not have to be so serious, right?

“Xiaoxue, this… I’m still staying in Xu Tui’s personal communication device. I don’t have to stay by Xu Tui’s side in the form of a bionic mechanical dog, right? Besides, it was not appropriate for Xu Tui to bring a bionic mechanical dog. This is the Extra-terrestrial!”

“Listen carefully. I’m talking about the form of the mechanical dog pendant. It’s the motionless kind. It’s not a bionic mechanical dog!”

An Xiaoxue’s voice was slightly louder and carried a hint of anger.

“This is an order. Execute it immediately. The deadline for executing the order is one year. You can’t move unless it’s an emergency!”

Ah Huang was dumbfounded! He was completely stunned.

Xu Tui was also a little confused. This punishment sounded so serious!

“And you, you must learn your lesson this time. In wartime, no matter what happened, you had to remain calm. Don’t let others influence your thoughts and will. Don’t misjudge the situation and make a wrong decision.

“This time…

“However, the next time you make a wrong decision under the influence of others, you might lose your life!”

An Xiaoxue’s tone suddenly became very stern. After saying that, she turned around and left. “I need to rest for a while.”

After taking a few steps, An Xiaoxue suddenly stopped in her tracks. “Your mental hammer is very powerful against the mind. Use the mental hammer with caution against opponents below the Genetic Evolution Realm. They might have some problems after being hammered.

“Also, I was knocked out by you without putting up any defenses. If an enemy sensed something and actively defended, it would not be able to achieve such an effect. If you condense a mental hammer and coordinate it with your Time Distortion, the power should be very impressive.”@@novelbin@@

After saying that, An Xiaoxue turned around and left.

Xu Tui could not help but touch his lips as he watched An Xiaoxue leave. It was really a little sweet and fragrant just now!

…

“Ah Huang, see?”

“Move aside. I’m the only one being punished. You’re enjoying the benefits!”

“Benefits?”

“You’re saying that you didn’t get any benefits? F*ck, I even saw you smack your lips just now. How is it? Soft or not…”

Xu Tui was speechless. Was Ah Huang still a normal artificial intelligence super quantum computer? He expressed his serious doubts.

“No, go and plead with Xiaoxue for me. I can’t stand being a dog for a year, moreover, it’s a pendant dog…”

“You can go if you want. I don’t dare to go now!”

“That’s true. Let’s talk about it in a few days. Sigh, I actually have to become a pendant dog…”

“Ah Huang, do you think Xiaoxue is angry?” Xu Tui chatted with Ah Huang on the way back.

“She should be angry, but only a little. Her anger should have subsided by now.”

“That’s unlikely, right?”

“When Xiaoxue was in her third year, a boy suddenly appeared in front of Xiaoxue with a huge bouquet of roses. He wanted to confess to Xiaoxue. Guess what Xiaoxue did?”

“What did she do?”

“He was sent flying by Xiaoxue’s mind power. The silver pills took off!”

“Damn!”

“So, Xiaoxue shouldn’t be angry with you. After all, you only performed CPR!”

“That’s true…”

“What do you mean by CPR? You’re still savoring the aftertaste!”

Xu Tui was speechless.

…

When he returned to the dormitory, Xu Tui realized that he had forgotten about the serious matter after An Xiaoxue fainted for a short time.

Other than testing the power of the mutated mental whip and mental hammer, the most important thing for Xu Tui to discuss with An Xiaoxue was how to use the next Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

Which genetic ability chain should he use it on? To be honest, the effect of using it on the mental whip was extraordinary. The mutated mental hammer knocked An Xiaoxue out with one strike.

Although An Xiaoxue did not actively defend, this power was really terrifying. She had not completely stepped into the Genetic Evolution Realm.

However, in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, An Xiaoxue had the strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm. She was not an ordinary Genetic Evolver.

Just based on one point, An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan were both teachers on duty in the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Only teachers with extremely powerful mind power could guard the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

From this, it could be seen that the power of that hammer was really shocking.

The problem was, which genetic ability chain should he choose to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir?

Xu Tui had also considered it.

First, it was naturally the Genetic Ability Chain of Neural Reaction Speed. The Time Distortion ability was not obvious, but it was very powerful. At the critical moment, it could instantly determine the outcome.

Next was the Mountain Formula, mental perception, mental chain, or spiritual radiation.

Each of these abilities had the value of strengthening the mutation.

Xu Tui had even thought about strengthening and mutating his abilities related to the Vajra Tide Force Field.

However, after considering the overall situation, Xu Tui felt that he just had to work hard to cultivate abilities related to the Vajra Tide Force Field. It might be a little wasteful to use this abnormally precious Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

Xu Tui felt a little regretful. However, the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was too precious. With his current authority, he needed 20,000 contribution points to exchange for a bottle.

If it was cheap, it would be awesome if he used the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir to mutate all the genetic ability chains.

Xu Tui lay on the bed in the dormitory and thought for two hours, but he did not make a choice. In the end, he set his goal of strengthening the mutation on three genetic ability chains.

Time Distortion, the Mountain Formula, and spiritual radiation. Which of these three genetic ability chains should he choose to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir?