Chapter 441 - Mutated Choice (2)

Chapter 441: Mutated Choice (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The Huaxia Sector actually had a share of 32, similar to the America Sector and the European Sector. Other than that, the Africa Sector had obtained 12 Origin Enhancement Elixirs. The India Sector had only obtained 16 Origin Enhancement Elixirs.

This was also another important reason for the jump in the India Sector. In terms of population, the India Sector was now the second largest Sector on the Blue Star. It even had a trend of charging towards the first.

However, the India Sector only had half the share of the Huaxia Sector and the American Sector in the distribution of extraterrestrial benefits. The reason was very complicated. It was also related to the fact that the India Sector did not have a base on Mars.

After waiting for half an hour, Xu Tui finally received the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

“Xu Tui, please show us your identity information first. We need to verify it,” the teacher who was receiving Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui did as he was told.

“Your identity information has been verified. As usual, there are a few questions that you need to answer. Have you confirmed the ability to mutate?” the teacher-in-charge asked.

“Yes.”

“Are you sure that you have completed the genetic mutation?”

“It’s done.”

“Alright. Please sign with your hand and electronic information. I’ll give it to you now.” At this point, the teacher-in-charge suddenly froze. “Two. Xu Tui, you will be rewarded two. One for the competitive spot and one for the first place of the Prodigy List. Do you want to use both now?”

“Are there any restrictions on continuous use?” Xu Tui asked.

“No.” The teacher on duty shook his head. “The Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir is very fast. It can be completed in half an hour to an hour. Two of them would not take long. However, I still have to remind you that you have to be careful when choosing which ability to mutate!

“A normal genetic newcomer would be lucky to be injected with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir once in their life. As long as one’s luck was not too bad, their strength would increase to a certain extent. The relevant abilities would be greatly strengthened or even mutated. You must consider it carefully.” The teacher on duty became long-winded again.

“I’ve thought it through. I’ll inject the first one first. Teacher, I’ll make a decision on the second one based on the degree of mutation of my first ability,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay! Soon, the teacher-in-charge took out an Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. However, he did not give it to Xu Tui. Instead, he said to Xu Tui, “Let’s go.”

“To do what?”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Go to Cultivation Room 74. I’ll personally inject you with this elixir and retrieve the elixir bottle! According to the rules, the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir must be administered on the spot,” the teacher-in-charge said.

This management was very strict.

When he was walking toward Cultivation Room 74, Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. He quickly asked, “Teacher, can I buy that Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir at the Moon base?”

“Of course. The current technology of the Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir can be mass-produced. However, it is limited by the raw materials. The production cost is still very high. It has been opened for purchase, but the price is not cheap. It costs 500 contribution points a bottle!” the teacher-in-charge said.

Xu Tui was delighted. He quickly asked again, “Does that mean that we students can buy it too?”

“Of course, the premise is that you have enough contribution points. 500 contribution points was not a small sum. I’ve been working in the extra-terrestrial for a year. Not counting the additional bonuses, my salary is only 300 contribution points and 3 million cash.”@@novelbin@@

“Teacher, your contribution points are your salary?”

“Of course, those who go to Mars have a higher salary. By the way, you will also have contribution points if you go to Mars for training. If you are lucky enough and strong enough, you can exchange 500 contribution points for a bottle of Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir,” the teacher-in-charge said.

Xu Tui nodded, but he did not dare to say something to his face. He could exchange for the Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir now. Moreover, it was not a problem to exchange for eight to ten bottles.