Chapter 440 - Mutated Choice (1)

Chapter 440: Mutated Choice (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

After a few rounds of elimination, there were only slightly more than 900 students left in the Huaxia Sector.

At this moment, there were about 110 students who had left with Instructor Lu Kang to receive the award. It was mainly because the Prodigy List overlapped with the competitive spots.

When he left with Lu Kang, Xu Tui was surprised to discover that Zuo Qingqing and Chi Hongying were also there. These two people definitely did not have any competing rewards.

It was also because the Prodigy List was so boring that Xu Tui did not pay much attention to it these few days. It was only now that he realized that Chi Hongying and Zuo Qingqing were both on the rankings.

Chi Hongying was ranked 14th on the Prodigy List. This was considered a relatively high ranking. However, this was also related to Chi Hongying being a second-year student.

On the other hand, Chi Hongying was already in her second year. Yet, she was ranked 14th on the first-year Prodigy List. It could be seen that these genius students were really geniuses.

It had to be known that Chi Hongying had also entered the top 30 of the Year Two Longhu List in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. In other words, the 13 geniuses before Chi Hongying all had the strength to enter the top 30 of the Year Two Longhu List.

In comparison, Zuo Qingqing’s ranking was a little low. She was ranked 94th on the Prodigy Roll and barely made it onto the rankings. However, it was also very powerful.

When the Longhu List was released more than three months ago, Zuo Qingqing’s ranking in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was not high.

From this, it could be seen that Zuo Qingqing’s strength had increased very quickly recently. When she returned from the extra-terrestrial training, Zuo Qingqing would definitely have a place in the top 20 of the Year One Longhu List.

Xu Tui had thought that receiving the reward might be an award ceremony. However, in reality, it was more like a lesson.

In a large classroom, there were only 190 people receiving awards from the various sectors. In the classroom, Xu Tui and the others once again saw the iron tower-like chief instructor, Black Tower.

“Due to the unique nature of the rewards, the awards will not be publicly presented. There are a few points that I would like everyone to take note of. Firstly, because the rewards given to you are all high-value prizes that are extremely precious in the outside world, in principle, all the rewards are taken away after they are used. Of course, other than Origin Crystals, it mainly refers to elixirs.”

This first rule made Xu Tui’s gaze shift slightly.

This measure was probably brought to prevent reselling. Of course, it was also to prevent some students from small families from handing over the rewards because they could not withstand the possible pressure. There was kindness and beauty in this world, but no one could set the limits of human nature.

“Secondly, the students must be administered with the Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir on the spot, be it two or one. Students who obtain two bottles of Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir will have professional teachers guiding them during the injection interval and training to obtain the greatest effect!

“Thirdly, students who obtain the Origin Crystal reward, please choose the type of Origin Crystal in advance. Is it mental, supernatural energy, or energy field?

“Fourthly, students who have obtained the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, please pay attention. Those who have been administered with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir must have an ability that has already undergone genetic mutation! Only then could the medicinal effects be maximized. It would increase your abilities and combat strength to the greatest extent!

“Also, this Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir greatly enhanced one’s abilities. Furthermore, it was extremely precious. Many people might only have one chance at mutation in their lives. Please choose your ability to undergo directional mutation in advance.@@novelbin@@

“If you do not have a suitable directional mutation ability for the time being, or if the ability you chose has not completed the genetic mutation, then, our Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College will keep this reward for you for a year. Within a year, you can be injected with it at any time to undergo a directional mutation.

“I said so much nonsense because I wanted to tell you something. This Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir is really precious. You must not waste it! Moreover, once one’s cultivation level stepped into the Genetic Evolution Realm, they would not be able to use the elixir. Please carefully decide which ability to mutate. Don’t waste it!

“Because many students have repeated rewards, so those students who were rewarded with Origin Crystals, please register your needs with a teacher and receive your reward.”

The students from the second to the 40th place on the Prodigy List stepped forward to collect their Origin Crystals.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly remembered. When he fought Dai Lijun during the opening battle of the Year One Longhu List, he had once noticed that Dai Lijun was wearing a ring with a red crystal on it. That red crystal should be a five-gram Origin Crystal.

Dai Lijun’s reward from the extra-terrestrial last year.

“Next, please queue up to receive the Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir and head to the cultivation room to be administered with the elixir. All the empty bottles of elixirs have to be recycled and handed over. Students who are receiving the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir should see the teacher.”

Actually, there were quite a number of students who received the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. Of course, it was not because there were too many extremely precious rewards. Instead, the reward was naturally subsidized by the subdivision.

For example, in the six major alliances, other than the Huaya Sector, the number of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixirs obtained for the America Sector, the European Sector, and the Russian Federation was about 30.

Among them, six of the 45 Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir in the Huaya Sector were given to the Yamato and Korean Star Sectors respectively.