Chapter 443 - Mental Vibrating Whip And Cpr (1)

Chapter 443: Mental Vibrating Whip and CPR (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

After answering Xu Tui’s call, An Xiaoxue, who was wearing a large mask, felt a little stuffy. She was whipped in the past, and now, she was going to be hammered?

However, it seemed reasonable. After all, she was Xu Tui’s teacher. So be it!

To be honest, An Xiaoxue was also a little curious when Xu Tui’s mental whip had become a hammer.

In reality, Xu Tui’s mental whip had not become a hammer. Instead, it had an additional form.

After calling An Xue, Xu Tui tested the changes to the mental whip that had mutated with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on the way to look for An Xiaoxue. The only thing he did not know was how much the power had increased.

The second main genetic base point of the mental whip transformed into the image of a hammer. Xu Tui could condense a mind power hammer, aka, mental hammer.

The shape of the first main genetic base point was a little blurry. Xu Tui did not confirm it at first. However, it was actually a whip. It was also a mental whip.

The mental hammer should be stronger and more powerful. What about the mental whip? Xu Tui did not notice much change in its power for the time being. The mutated mental whip looked thinner and sharper than before. The maximum mind power he could inject was still 5%.

Xu Tui tried several times along the way, but he did not notice that it was too different from the mental whip before the mutation.

On the other hand, he noticed the abnormality of the mental hammer. Not only could the mind power of the mental hammer be retrieved, but it was not a one-time use.

The mental whip dissipated with a single strike, and his mind power was consumed. However, the mental hammer was different. After condensing the mental hammer, the hammer would not dissipate. If he kept the mental hammer back into his body, he could also retrieve most of his mind power.

This surprised Xu Tui. In the past, the mental whip was a consumable item. Once it was whipped, it was gone. Now, as long as the mental hammer was condensed before the battle, it could blast the entire battlefield within the combat radius.

It would consume a certain amount of mind power from the attack, but it would not dissipate after one explosion. In that case, this mental hammer would be very awesome. Of course, the greatest advantage of the mental whip was that it could be used instantly.

It took a second to condense the mental hammer. It even took three seconds to inject 20% of his mind power into the hammer. However, it could exist for a long time after it was condensed. He could blast his target if he could.

One consumed it instantly, while the other required time to condense but could last for a long time.

The mutated mental whip instantly changed from one ability to two very powerful abilities.

An Xiaoxue lived in another dormitory in the student and teacher accommodation area of the Moon base. However, because of the Moon base, even the teachers lived in the same environment as the students.

The rooms were only nine square meters in size. They were very small. Therefore, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue met in a corner of another small training field. There were not many people in the small training ground, but there were still teachers and second-year and third-year students training.

An Xiaoxue was still wearing her iconic mask. In any case, she would definitely be wearing a large mask wherever she was not familiar with.

As soon as they met, Xu Tui naturally told An Xiaoxue about the details of his mutated ability.

“The mental whip transformed into a mental whip and a mental hammer. One was instantaneous, and the other was condensed. You were very successful in administering the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

“At least half of the people will only obtain an increase in their abilities after being injected with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. They will not be able to obtain any mutation abilities.” An Xiaoxue was the first to affirm.

“Come, let’s test its power first.”

“Which one should I try first?” Xu Tui asked.

“The whip. I was whipped by your mental whip some time ago. Whip it once or twice now. I’ll be able to compare the increase in power immediately.”

“Okay!

Their conversation naturally fell on Ah Huang. Ah Huang covered its face. Damn it, could this man and woman play something that normal men and women should play? It was better to have a meal and chat, even if they did not show off their affection.

The moment they met, they would either be whipped or hammered.@@novelbin@@

…

In the next moment, Xu Tui suddenly pulled out his mental whip and landed it on An Xiaoxue’s head.

An Xiaoxue frowned slightly but did not have much of a reaction.

“1% mind power?” An Xiaoxue asked.

Xu Tui nodded.

“Compared to before, the increase in power is not huge. However, under the protection of my mind power domain, it can already affect my mind power fluctuations.”

“Then I’ll inject 5%.”

“Okay.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui whipped out again. This time, An Xiaoxue’s brows instantly furrowed. A hint of pain appeared between her brows.

“The power has indeed increased. It’s about 20% stronger than before, but the increase is still not large. It’s lower than I imagined. Generally speaking, the increase in ability power after using the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was about 50%. Your improvement is only 20%. That’s a little too little. However, it could already injure me and affect my mind power. Even a Genetic Evolver would be at a disadvantage under your mental whip. It’s still very powerful.”

An Xiaoxue consoled Xu Tui when she saw his slightly disappointed expression.