Chapter 442 - Hammer

Chapter 442: Hammer

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir entered his body. Under the illusory introspection, countless energy lights surged toward the flickering mental whip genetic ability chain in Xu Tui’s body.

There were a total of nine genetic base points. A vast amount of energy light surged towards the nine genetic base points. The genetic ability chain of the mental whip expanded and pulsed almost instantly.

This process was almost identical to the process of genetic mutation. However, the energy that surged out after being injected with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was much more than the energy that surged out of the Genetic Mutation Elixir. Furthermore, the energy was purer.

Under the illusory introspective state, he observed all these changes extremely carefully.

Xu Tui had already begun to suspect that this Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was a powerful upgraded version of the Genetic Mutation Elixir. Based on his current observations, it was very likely.

The swelling rhythm brought about by the mental whip genetic ability chain made him feel a little unsafe. He felt his head throbbing. The blood vessels in his head were swelling. He felt as if all the blood in his body was rushing to his head.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt a warmth on his face. He used his mental perception and realized that it was blood. There was also a faint taste of blood in his mouth.

Blood seeped out of his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.

The voice of the teacher-in-charge came through the loudspeaker.

“Don’t panic. The energy fluctuations are intense, and there is bleeding in some parts of the body. This is a sign that the human body is protecting itself. It is also a normal phenomenon. There are life monitoring devices in the cultivation room. We will deal with any problems in time. Of course, there are rarely any problems.”

Xu Tui did not panic at all. This was not the first time he had encountered such a situation. Moreover, he had experience.

There was only one word to describe it—trend!

If the bleeding continued to increase and the negative effects continued to increase, this trend meant that the situation was very dangerous. He had to think of a way to intervene and change this trend.

If the negative effects such as the bleeding was stable and did not increase, or it was slowly shrinking, it would be safe under this trend.

Xu Tui assessed the situation. The blood loss from his mouth and nose was a little large the first moment. Then, it showed a trend of decreasing.

Safe!

Xu Tui remained in the illusory introspective state and observed his state. At the same time, he could maintain his illusory introspective state. If there was extreme danger, he could immediately save himself.

Why did he say that?

This was because the enhancement of this injection elixir was essentially an invasion of external energy. It was the largest and most obvious negative effect. However, this energy injection exceeded the load of the body. Then, by spreading out this dense directional energy, it could alleviate most of the possible crises.

Other people could not disperse such dense and directional energy, but the Genetic Miracle’s Mind Concentration Technique could affect it to a certain extent.

Energy continuously surged and flowed between the nine genetic base points of the mental whip. The genetic ability chain curve became thicker. The flickering light of the genetic base points began to increase at a visible speed.

However, there was still a difference in the speed of improvement.

Under the illusory introspection, Xu Tui realized that the two main genetic base points of the mental whip that had already turned silver absorbed the most energy.@@novelbin@@

Ten minutes later, the third genetic base point of the mental whip turned silver.

Xu Tui felt his head jump violently. After the intense pain, his head felt as if it was on fire. Blood gushed out of his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose again. Fortunately, this feeling only lasted for less than a second before dissipating. Otherwise, he would have thought of a way to save himself immediately.

At the 13th minute, the fourth genetic base point of the mental whip turned silver. This time, his head was still swollen, but there was no pain.

At the 16th minute, the fifth genetic base point of the mental whip turned silver.

At the 19th minute, the sixth genetic base point of the mental whip also turned silver.

At this point, Xu Tui felt that there was a high chance that this Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was an upgraded version of the Genetic Mutation Elixir. However, the effect was stronger and the energy purity was higher.

At the 22nd minute, the seventh genetic base point of the mental whip also turned silver.

Xu Tui had thought that this bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir would most likely upgrade his mental whip genetic ability chain to Level 2 Silver. If all the genetic base points were completely strengthened into a Level 2 silver genetic ability chain, the power of the ability would be extremely powerful. It would definitely improve.

However, after the seventh genetic base point turned silver, although the eighth and ninth genetic base points of the mental whip had been absorbing energy, they did not turn silver for a long time.

On the other hand, the first and second main genetic base points that had turned silver began to expand and change greatly.

“Xu Tui, according to the vital signs and energy fluctuation monitoring, the mutation in the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir has begun. Please focus all your attention on your mutating genetic ability chain. Don’t be distracted lest it affect the effects of the medicine!

“If you can’t focus all your attention on this mutating genetic ability chain, just think about the relevant information about this genetic ability chain in your heart.” The voice of the teacher-in-charge guarding outside the door rang out.

Mutation? This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. If there was really a so-called mutation, then there was a certain difference between the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir and the Genetic Mutation Elixir.

Under the illusory introspection, the rhythmic expansion of the two main genetic base points of the mental whip became faster and faster. At the same time, the silver color of the two main genetic base points continued to become darker.

When these two main genetic base points were first activated, they were actually a faint silver. However, after the genetic mutation, the silver color of the main genetic base points of the mental whip had become normal silver.

However, at this moment, under the mutation of the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, the silver light of the two main genetic base points began to darken and become brighter.

Under the illusory introspection, the two main genetic base points of the mental whip looked like two shining stars. It was very eye-catching.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat as he observed this scene. Would it be strengthened to Level 3?

Since genetic base points could be strengthened and developed to Level 2, they could definitely be strengthened and developed from Level 2 to Level 3. Would the two main genetic base points of the mental whip be strengthened to Level 3 after being administered with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir today?

Xu Tui had never seen a Level 3 before. What color would a certain genetic base point become when it was strengthened to Level 3? Of course, the most important thing was to what extent would it bring about an improvement and change to the relevant abilities?

Xu Tui was looking forward to it.

This bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir had directly strengthened the five genetic base points of the mental whip to Level 2 silver. It was already very worth it. If he could strengthen one of the two main genetic base points to Level 3, then it was extremely worth it!

Not to mention 20,000 contribution points, this bottle of medicine was worth 50,000 contribution points!

Under Xu Tui’s gaze, the first main genetic base point of the mental whip suddenly began to change its shape as it expanded rhythmically. It kept twisting and changing until it finally became a curve.

Xu Tui was stunned. What kind of change was this? At the same time, the second main genetic base point also began to change shape. Amidst the intense rhythm and expansion, it gradually turned into a ball with a handle.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Hammer! The shape of the second main genetic base point after the change was more obvious. Although it was a little blurry, he could still tell.

This was a hammer!

In the next three minutes, the remaining energy surged into the curve of the genetic ability chain. It made the curves of the nine genetic base points thicker and more tenacious. Occasionally, they would even flicker with a silver light.

This made Xu Tui suddenly feel that if he could strengthen the curve of the genetic ability chain of the mental whip to silver, the power of the mental whip would probably increase further. In his illusory introspection, the surging energy suddenly decreased and returned to normal in a few seconds.

Xu Tui knew that the effects of the medicine had ended.

“According to the end of the energy monitoring, your mutation has ended. Please experience the changes in your abilities with your heart. If you are willing, you can record and display the relevant mutation information in the future. The Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College will reward you with an additional 10 contribution points!

“Of course, it doesn’t matter if you’re unwilling.

“Also, I’ll be in Reception Room 3. From now on, before you set off for Mars for your training, consider when you want to inject the second bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. Come and look for me anytime.”

With that, the teacher-in-charge left.

Xu Tui immediately tried to use the mental whip after the mutation.

Hammer!

The first thing that condensed was a mind power hammer! The hammer was not big. The first hammer that was condensed was only the size of a fist. Then, Xu Tui tried to increase the infusion of his mind power.

As he injected his mind power, the hammer slowly began to grow larger. When Xu Tui injected more than 20% of his mind power, he felt that he could not inject any more. If he injected more, he might not be able to control the hammer and break down.

At this moment, the mental hammer had already become the size of a pineapple. It looked very powerful. It was already very terrifying for a hammer of this size to hit someone’s head.

What about a hammer of this size? How powerful would a hammer be? How much damage would it do? After all, it was a hammer that contained 20% of Xu Tui’s mind power.

Xu Tui desperately wanted to find someone to test its power.

Who should he look for?

Xu Tui immediately thought of An Xiaoxue. Miss An had powerful mind power. It should be very suitable for him to hammer her a few times, right?

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!😉