Chapter 454 - Three Types Of Enemies And The

Chapter 454: Three Types of Enemies and the Quantum Arbitrary Gate

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

No one noticed Xu Tui because the eight-ringed surface of the full-frequency energy tester had lit up all the 99 bars.

Xu Tui composed himself. A large number of questions surfaced in his mind.

Was this full-frequency energy testing device a living creature? Or an artificial intelligence like Ah Huang? What did the full-frequency energy testing device want to do with the three-colored light that was flashing toward Xu Tui at the last moment?

Did he want to use Xu Tui’s mental perception to escape? Or did he want to hurt Xu Tui? Or did he want to investigate Xu Tui? Or did he have other intentions? Was this full-frequency energy test good or evil? What exactly had happened to his mental perception?

The moment his mental perception passed through the smooth surface of the full-frequency energy testing device, Xu Tui confirmed that his mental perception had also changed. Or rather, it was a certain level of mutation.

However, what kind of mutation was it? Mental perception penetration? What were the trigger conditions?

Questions came one after another. Other than one question, there was no answer to the other questions. The problem that could be solved was the good and evil of this full-frequency energy testing device.

Just like how Xu Tui had decisively dispersed his mental senses just now, Xu Tui would not have any ill intentions toward strangers. However, he would definitely be wary.

Against extraterrestrial creatures, he would definitely speculate about them with the greatest malice. Those who were not of the same race would definitely have different intentions. He had learned these words countless times.

Xu Tui would not come into contact with the full-frequency energy testing device in a short period of time. He would not be so reckless without a certain level of understanding. To be honest, he did not expect the machine-like thing that Chief Instructor Black Tower mentioned to have a consciousness.

Clearly, the extraterrestrial base had a way to deal with a malfunction like the full-frequency energy testing device that lit up 99 bars.

Under the stimulation of the energy, the thing returned to normal in less than ten minutes. The students who had not finished their tests began their tests again.

Xu Tui always had an illusion as he waited for Cui Xi and the others to test him. He felt that the full-frequency energy tester was staring at him. However, there was nothing unusual in Xu Tui’s mind power domain.

Perhaps he was being oversensitive.

Half an hour later, it was finally Cui Xi and a small number of third-year seniors’ turn to test the strength of their energy outburst.

Cui Xi’s test was very violent. He struck three times in a row. The first strike had 43 energy bars, the second strike had 45, and the third strike had reached an astonishing 48! Each strike was stronger than the last. Moreover, Cui Xi still felt a little unsatisfied after the three strikes.

Next, the energy outburst values of the third-year seniors were generally around 50 bars. They were slightly stronger than Cui Xi. However, it was hard to say if they could defeat Cui Xi.

Among them, a third-year senior who had achieved a complete genetic mutation half a year ago blasted out 52 energy burst points. He was very powerful!

Xu Tui left the testing hall after he finished watching the seniors’ tests. He did not know if it was his imagination, but the feeling of being watched instantly disappeared after he left the testing hall.

Of course, the full-frequency energy testing device might not be looking at Xu Tui in the physical testing hall. After all, Xu Tui was the number one prodigy. It was normal for him to be observed or even sized up.

Not long after he left the testing hall, Xu Tui received a call from Instructor Lu Kang.

“Come to my office. I’ll tutor you during the afternoon break. Go to the canteen to bring food over first. We’ll talk while we eat.”

“Alright. Thank you, Instructor.”

To be honest, Xu Tui was very respectful to Instructor Lu Kang.

A Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, even if he had just broken through, was definitely a powerful figure on the Blue Star. On the Moon base, the instructors were rather approachable even though they were a little strict to them. Now, he was using his rest time to tutor Xu Tui.

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at Lu Kang’s office. Lu Kang had just arrived from the canteen and had packed a meal.

“Come, let’s talk while we eat. Take a look first. This is the current reality of Mars. Take a look first. Listen to me as we eat. If you have any questions, just ask them. Most of the information on Mars that you learned in books is actually related to Mars that was detected a hundred years ago.

“However, in reality, ever since the arrival of the extraterrestrial invaders a hundred years ago, the more we understood about Mars, the more mysterious we realized that Mars was! At the same time, the environment of Mars was changing at all times. It was impossible to describe it accurately in this regard.

“It could not be said that we and the extraterrestrial invaders had changed part of the Mars environment. It can’t be said that Mars has changed because of our entry with the extraterrestrial invaders.

“After nearly a hundred years of continuous changes, the gravity difference between Mars and Earth is constantly shrinking. Currently, the gravity of Mars is only half that of Earth. You have to pay attention to this during battle.

“Although only half of Earth’s gravity would not double the speed of an Extreme Branch cultivator, their speed would indeed increase to a certain extent. However, some of their attacks would also decrease. The rate and trajectory of firearms have also changed. You need to experience these yourself after you enter the Mars battlefield!” Lu Kang said.

“Instructor, is there no simulation environment?” Xu Tui asked.

Hearing this, Lu Kang shook his head. “We tried to establish a Mars simulation environment, but there’s a huge difference. The artificial simulation of the Mars environment will cause you to have preconceived cognitive deviations. It will bring about war damage, so we stopped it.

“The oxygen concentration on Mars is an average of three to four percent. You can completely survive now. However, the oxygen concentration near the two poles of Mars might only be 1%. If you fight there, you have to pay more attention to the consumption of oxygen. Try your best to avoid intense and continuous battles near the two poles of Mars.

“The temperature change on Mars is much gentler than when it was first developed. The season you’re going has a maximum temperature of 18 degrees and a minimum temperature of 70 degrees. You’ve all learned about the insulation of the human body in school. I won’t waste my breath.”

At this point, Lu Kang knocked on the table. “Now, let’s talk about the most important problem on the Mars battlefield—the enemy! It can be seen from how I address it. Mars battlefield!

In other words, Mars was still a huge battlefield. Even though humans had established and defended five bases, it was still a battlefield.

“We currently classify the enemies on Mars into two major groups. The first type of enemy is called the Fission Remains Type.”

As he spoke, Instructor Lu Kang projected images of Xu Tui. A ball of metal that had been scattered and fused with the ground slowly squirmed after a long period of energy accumulation. It slowly turned back into a variety of mechanical beasts and even human-shaped mechanical warriors.

“This is a species of extraterrestrial invasion. We call it the Mechanical Spirit Race because the mechanical beasts of this race are almost impossible to kill. All of their limbs had an extremely powerful memory and concealment effect. After a long time, they could revive and fight again. Moreover, they are able to spontaneously gather in an organized manner, so they had always been one of the most difficult enemies on the Mars battlefield.

“However, you have to pay attention to their limbs. They are currently extremely valuable spoils of war. If you have the chance, you should seize it. Despite that, even after they were crippled and scattered, their limbs could still launch a surprise attack under certain circumstances. If you gain anything, you must deal with them according to the combat manual.”

The projection changed again. It became a plant that Xu Tui had never seen before.

“This kind of species can split infinitely as long as they have energy, including animals, plants, and even other special forms. We call them the Fission Race. They were the most stubborn residual poison on the Mars battlefield. However, their strength would decrease with every fission.

“Depending on the form and number of fissions, the value of their corpses would be different. It was good to collect them carefully. All the materials collected could be exchanged for contribution points.

“However, your safety is always the first prerequisite. These are the most important two types of enemies in the first category. I won’t say much about the rest. I’ll give you a document later. Just take a closer look.

“Next, I’ll tell you about the second type of enemy.”

Instructor Lu Kang projected many images for Xu Tui. In the end, they stopped in front of a glowing vortex that looked like a miniature black hole.

“The first type of enemy is just a residual poison. They are difficult to deal with, and the quantity is large. It can’t be completely eliminated. It can only pose a threat to geniuses like you, but the fatal threat is limited.

“However, the second type of enemies of the various extraterrestrial races that came out of this Quantum Portal was very terrifying. You have to be extremely careful. They might kill you if you were not careful.

“Every year, during the actual training on Mars, the casualties were as high as 7%. Sometimes, the casualties could even be close to 10%. Basically, most of the casualties were enemies who came out of the Quantum Portal. These enemies who came out of the Quantum Portal all had powerful strength and high intelligence. They were very powerful. Moreover, there was a lot of it.

“There will be relevant information in the detailed information I’ll give you later. Remember it! You have to be extremely careful when you encounter these enemies who came from the Quantum Portal. Moreover, contribution points will be given if you kill them!

“At the moment, they are also one of the greatest threats to humanity in the Mars base!” Instructor Lu Kang said.

Xu Tui frowned slightly when he heard that. “Instructor, a Quantum Portal? Can you elaborate on that?”

“There’s actually not much to explain. This was because human technology could not explain the appearance of the Quantum Portal. However, this Quantum Portal really existed and was even used by us humans.

“Tomorrow morning, when you set off for the Mars battlefield, you will arrive there through the Quantum Portal. This was also the only way to reach Mars quickly. With our current technological creations, it will take us more than 65 days to reach Mars from the Moon. It would take more than four and a half months to go back and forth. It was too long.

“However, this Quantum Portal can allow you to reach Mars from the Moon in a few seconds,” Instructor Lu Kang said.

“There’s a Quantum Portal on the moon?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Of course, there is a Quantum Portal that leads directly to Mars on the moon. However, there is more than one Quantum Portal on Mars!”

Xu Tui was shocked once again. “Instructor, do you mean that the other Quantum Portals on Mars are occupied by extraterrestrial invaders?”

“I can’t answer this question! Many of the phenomena are still being explored by humans. What science can’t explain is temporarily classified as supernatural. We’ll resolve it in the future. Later, I’ll send you an information bag. You can study it yourself. Ask me if you have any questions,” Lu Kang said.@@novelbin@@

“Alright. Thank you, Instructor.”

“It’s about time. Study the relevant information yourself and message me if you have any problems! However, before we end the tuition, as fellow people of Huaxia, I have to remind you of something else. You have to be careful of the third type of enemy,” Lu Kang said solemnly.

“Third type of enemy?”

“That’s right. The Extra-terrestrial now is no longer the same as before. Due to the competition for benefits, there are occasional conflicts between the various sectors. Especially on the battlefield, you have to be more careful. You should understand,” Lu Kang said.

Xu Tui nodded heavily when he heard that.