Chapter 451 - Final Ability Evaluation (2)

Chapter 451: Final Ability Evaluation (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The second test only had 36 energy bars. That was a little low.

A second later, Xu Tui lashed out with his second mental vibrating whip. It was a mental whip with 10% mind power!

Buzz!@@novelbin@@

The full-frequency energy testing device let out a soft sound. A large number of energy bars were lit up.

In the next moment, the entire venue was in an uproar!

Forty-seven! 47 energy bars were lit up!

This energy burst value meant that Xu Tui’s attack had the explosive power of a mid-grade Level E genetic evolver. It also meant that his strength could definitely injure and threaten Genetic Evolvers. Moreover, this was a single ability.

He had used up all three chances.

Xu Tui was still unsatisfied. How should he put it? This full-frequency energy testing device was actually a very good cultivation reference tool.

For example, the Mental Vibrating Whip that Xu Tui had used just now was a one-time mental attack. If he injected all of his mind power, he would have to consume 10% of his mind power.

Xu Tui could not even use it ten times in a row. Therefore, he still wanted to try it out if he had the chance. It was most cost-effective to test which value he should inject his mind power into. The consumption of 10% of his mind power at once meant that he could not use the full-powered Mental Vibrating Whip continuously.

Xu Tui did not want to test the mental hammer.

Firstly, he did not have a chance. Secondly, Xu Tui did not want to scare anyone.

The energy outburst value of the mental hammer definitely far exceeded that of the mental vibrating whip. Otherwise, he would not have knocked An Xiaoxue out with a hammer.

Xu Tui estimated that the energy outburst value of the mental hammer was definitely above 50. It might even be close to 60. Other than that, he wanted to test many other abilities.

For example, the flying sword.

Just as Chief Instructor Black Tower had said, this kind of energy outburst value was just a reference. However, it could also allow you and your teammates to have a more intuitive understanding of you. Unfortunately, he no longer had a chance.

On the other side, Rade was completely dumbfounded! His student was right. Xu Tui’s energy outburst value far exceeded 42 bars. This suppression of strength was really overwhelming.

Darkwin, on the other hand, had feelings at this moment that were even more complicated.

Xu Tui had an energy outburst value of 47. This gave him an inexplicable sense of relief. He had been pierced at the start not because he was useless, but because Xu Tui was too strong.

However, the moment he walked out of this psychological trauma, the thought of Xu Tui being invincible became even more intense in Darkwin’s heart.

The moment Xu Tui turned to leave, he saw that all the students and teachers were paying attention to him. Even Instructor Lu Kang and Chief Instructor Black Tower were paying attention to him.

He suddenly had an idea. He was the number one prodigy after all. Should he ask for some special rights?

“Instructor, can I test it a few more times? I still have several abilities that I haven’t tested. My strongest ability is actually a flying sword.”

In order to obtain an opportunity, Xu Tui’s flying sword soared into the sky with a buzz and circled around the hall.

Chief Instructor Black Tower stared at Xu Tui’s flying sword. His gaze changed.

Before Chief Instructor Black Tower could say anything, a bold student had already shouted, “Reporting to Chief Instructor, please let Xu Tui test it a few more times. We all want to know the strongest power of the number one prodigy!”

“We want to know!”

Many students roared along, boosting Xu Tui’s momentum.

Seeing this, Chief Instructor Black Tower pressed down with one hand. “There’s a cost to every test of this full-frequency energy testing device. However, Xu Tui was the number one prodigy. He is the strongest among you! In the extra-terrestrial, other than equality, there were also special rights.

“Who had special rights? The strong! As the number one prodigy, Xu Tui could test himself a few more times. This was also a precedent.

“Xu Tui, you are the number one prodigy. According to the number of challenges you had to face in the Prodigy Arena, you can only test 12 times at most. From now on, you can still test nine times,” the chief instructor, Black Tower, said.

“Thank you, Chief Instructor.”

After he finished speaking, Xu Tui’s flying sword circled around. He did not attack, but the full-frequency energy testing device continued to light up. It flashed six times in a row.

They were 38 squares, 40 squares, 42 squares, 43 squares, 44 squares, and 45 squares.

Xu Tui used 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%, 6%, and 7% of his mind power to test the energy outburst value.

Actually, he still wanted to test the energy outburst value of the Mental Vibrating Whip that was injected with 8% and 9% of his mind power. Unfortunately, the number of times was not allowed.

He used it six more times in an instant. The test results were out.

The Mental Vibrating Whip that was injected with 2%, 3%, and 4% of mind power was the most cost-effective. In the future, he could use the Mental Vibrating Whip that was injected with 3% or 4% of his mind power as a regular method.

It had decent power and consumed little energy.

In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power and used the Mountain Formula. A mountain materialized from mind power slammed heavily onto the full-frequency energy testing device.

Energy bars instantly flashed.

45 bars!

The Mountain Formula had an energy outburst of 45 bars.

In the next moment, a sharp whistle sounded. There was a flash of silver light. The moment the sharp whistle sounded, the light on the full-frequency energy testing device appeared again.

48 bars!

The flying sword accelerated at a distance of 50 meters.

It had an energy outburst of 48 bars.

Silver light flashed in the physical testing hall. At the same time that the sonic boom sounded, the full-frequency energy testing device lit up again.