Chapter 452 - Final Ability Evaluation (3)

Chapter 452: Final Ability Evaluation (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was a supersonic flying sword that had been accelerated at a distance of 100 meters.

51 bars!

Gasps instantly rang out!

51 bars! The energy outburst value of Xu Tui’s flying sword was as high as 51 bars. Only a high-grade Level D genetic evolver could have such explosive power.

He was too powerful!

It was an explosive energy that far exceeded the other geniuses by at least 16 bars.

At this moment, everyone felt a little relieved. Fortunately, they did not challenge Xu Tui in turns. They would only be skewered by the earth spikes. This flying sword would definitely be able to blow their heads off!

Darkwin was also stunned! It was only at this moment that he realized that Xu Tui had shown him mercy in the Prodigy List. He had really shown mercy!

This discovery was too cruel.

If Xu Tui used his flying sword the moment the battle started, he would definitely be able to blow his head off. He could not avoid it. Even the teacher on duty could not save him. Even Esson, who was far away, could not save him.

In other words, if Xu Tui used his flying sword in the battle of the Prodigy List, he, Darkwin, would definitely die.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had spared his life in the Prodigy Arena. Darkwin’s emotions were indescribably complicated. His teacher, Rade, was also shocked. The corners of his mouth twitched in shock.

51 bars of energy outburst value. Damn it, he was almost catching up to him, right?

At the same time, the second prodigy, Cherkin, the third prodigy, Nite, and the fourth prodigy, Andrew, all had solemn expressions.

Xu Tui was too powerful. The energy outburst value only exceeded 16 bars, but Xu Tui’s strength was definitely several times that of theirs.

At this moment, they only had one thought in their minds—fortunately, they did not fight for it! It would not be a big deal to be skewered, but a headshot would be fatal!

Peter let out a silent sigh at the side. As expected, Xu Tui was still an invincible existence even after he had worked hard for so long. Moreover, after Peter saw Xu Tui’s outburst, he seriously suspected that Xu Tui’s outburst just now was not his full strength.

The explosion of the flying sword just now was indeed not Xu Tui’s full strength. The attack just now had been a normal acceleration of Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Although his combat radius was as high as 335 meters, under normal circumstances, a distance of about 100 meters was enough to accelerate the flying sword to the extreme. Therefore, 51 bars was the extreme explosive speed of Xu Tui’s flying sword.

However, it was not the strongest power.

He had not used the Spiral Force!

Currently, Xu Tui could already skillfully use the Double Spiral Force on his flying sword. He also began to try practicing the triple Spiral Force and slowly adapted to it. Then, how much could the Double Spiral increase the power of Xu Tui’s flying sword?

10%?

Or 20%?

Or even 30%?

Xu Tui also wanted to obtain an accurate value. Unfortunately, he no longer had a chance to test it.

However, he was certain that the energy eruption value of the flying sword driven by the Double Spiral Force would definitely exceed 51 bars. It might even surpass the current value greatly.

Other than that, Xu Tui wanted to test many other things. For example, spiritual radiation and the strength of spiritual resonance and the strength of Spiritual Concealment! He also wanted to test the mental hammer!

Unfortunately, there were too few testing opportunities. He could only do this for now.

“Alright, Xu Tui has completed his test. As the number one prodigy, his strength is indeed not bad. You should use him as your target. Train hard and increase your strength. Continue the test!” Chief Instructor Black Tower said.

After Chief Instructor Black Tower finished speaking, a teacher who was recording Xu Tui’s test results had already recorded it.

Xu Tui, male, 19 years old. He came from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. His strongest energy outburst value was 51 bars, and his average energy outburst value was 46 bars.

Ability Evaluation: A superb Level S genetic mutant. His strongest explosive power is equivalent to a high-grade Level D genetic evolver!