Chapter 457 - Mobilization Before The Battle (3)

Chapter 457: Mobilization Before the Battle (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Speaking of which, you and Yan Lie are also very compatible. Of course, you and Yan Lie have a shortcoming.”

“An ability to defend or resist head-on?”

Lu Kang nodded. “However, how can there be such a perfect combination in this world? Yan Lie is actually very suitable for you. An Extreme Branch assassin could help a Mystery Branch like you filter out most of the risks of being ambushed or assassinated at close range.

“Comparatively, you still lacked the ability to withstand a defensive force. You were not Yan Lie’s best comrade. However, your Mystery Branch superpowers are outstanding, and your mental perception is outstanding, especially your Earth Spike, Flying Sword, and other abilities. Your attack range is very long, and you can cooperate with Yan Lie.

“It could be considered an extreme damage output team. If you’re lucky, you should be able to gain a lot by forming a team with Yan Lie. Of course, the risk is not small,” Instructor Lu Kang said.

“So you think that there’s no problem for Yan Lie and me to form a team?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s no problem with the cooperation of strength. However, you have two problems to solve when you form a team with Yan Lie. The first problem is that because you are a freshman, you can fight for the rankings of the 2,138th batch of Prodigy Combat Team Rankings this year.

“This ranking was calculated based on teams. The algorithm was a little complicated to ensure fairness between a large-scale team and a small-scale team. However, if you want to form a team with third-year students, the contribution points you obtain will not be included in this ranking,” Lu Kang said.

Xu Tui was stunned. The rewards for the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings were very sumptuous. It was even better than the number one prodigy.

Xu Tui felt that his motivation would decrease by at least half if he could not obtain the reward.

“The way to solve this problem is also very simple. You and Yan Lie only need to party with each other. The battle achievements will be considered separate. In other words, you and Yan Lie are acting in a team. However, in terms of all kinds of battle achievements, they are calculated as a single-person team,” Lu Kang said.

“That works?”

“Of course! This set of rules is something that the Moon base has been exploring for many years before it gradually matures. It will not magnify the malicious competition between the students, but it can also guarantee the students’ passion and motivation to kill the enemy,” Lu Kang said.

“Since it’s allowed, I can accept it. I’ll discuss it with Yan Lie after we’re done and see what he thinks,” Xu Tui said.@@novelbin@@

“I know Yan Lie. He has been alone for two years. He can definitely accept forming a team. The difficult thing is the next problem the two of you face.”

“What problem?”

“Who has the final say in the actual combat on Mars? Who do you listen to?”

Xu Tui froze. This was indeed a huge problem! Especially for geniuses who were extremely confident in their own strength.

It was just like before. Whether it was during a clearing mission, Xu Tui had to obtain the right to command. He fought his way onto the Prodigy List when he came to the extra-terrestrial to obtain the position of captain.

In the end, there was only one way—to be the captain and command others.

Many times, Xu Tui was the same as many geniuses. He trusted his judgment more. Originally, if he had chosen a teammate among the first-year students, the captain and command rights would have been guaranteed.

But now, if his teammate became Yan Lie, who was in his third year, Xu Tui’s spot as the captain was no longer useful. Whoever had the final say became the most difficult problem to solve at the moment.

Lu Kang stood up and patted Xu Tui’s shoulder. He was about to leave when he said, “You guys solve this problem yourselves. Come and tell me when you’ve made your decision.

“By the way, remember to collect and familiarize yourself with the combat equipment at the equipment center tomorrow morning. This is also very important.”

After saying that, Lu Kang left.

Xu Tui thought about it and sent a message to Yan Lie.

“Do you have time for a face-to-face meeting?”

“Yes!” Yan Lie replied instantly!