Chapter 450 - Final Ability Evaluation (1)

Chapter 450: Final Ability Evaluation (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was Xu Tui’s turn to be tested as the number one prodigy. There was no doubt about his attention. He was almost the center of attention.

All the teachers, students, and even the second-year and third-year students in the testing hall focused their gazes on Xu Tui. The students who were testing also stopped in their tracks and looked in the direction of Xu Tui’s test.

The teacher-in-charge did not rush him. They were also curious. They were curious about the strength of the number one prodigy this year, Xu Tui.

After all these years, Xu Tui was the only number one prodigy who no one dared to challenge after he defeated the number one prodigy in one battle.

Everyone wanted to know Xu Tui’s energy outburst value. Regardless of whether the students that Xu Tui had skewered, such as Darkwin, or the geniuses who had been scared off by Xu Tui’s battle results also stared in the direction of Xu Tui’s test. They all wanted to know how much Xu Tui’s energy outburst value was.

Of course, all of them had their own plans.

They wanted Xu Tui’s energy outburst value to be stronger. This would prove that they were wise and correct in not challenging the position of the number one prodigy previously.

“How high do you think Xu Tui’s energy outburst value can be?”

The second prodigy, Cherkin, who had completed the test, gathered with the third prodigy, Nite. Geniuses always liked to make friends with geniuses!

“About forty. It shouldn’t be more than forty-two squares,” Nite said.

The energy outburst value of 42 bars of energy was the explosive power of a high-grade Level S genetic mutant. Xu Tui’s various information showed that he had undergone a genetic mutation. However, it was impossible for him to reach the Genetic Evolution Realm. Moreover, Xu Tui’s genetic mutation should not have been completely completed.

Therefore, his strength should not exceed 42 squares.

The students from the Huaxia Sector were also extremely excited.

Although Yuan Shu had obtained the 91st place on the Prodigy List through strategy and tactics, he still could not come into contact with Xu Tui’s level. At this moment, Yuan Shu could not help but discuss with Peter.

“Peter, what do you think Xu Tui’s energy outburst value is?”

“It’s meaningless!”

Peter’s answer stunned Yuan Shu. “How is it meaningless?”

“Even if Xu Tui’s energy outburst is 35, do you think that Darkwin can escape the fate of being pierced by Xu Tui the moment he starts?”

Yuan Shu was stunned. He did not think so. However, this seemed to be…

“This full-frequency energy testing device can only measure the energy outburst value of a single attack. On the other hand, Xu Tui knew many abilities. Every ability was very powerful. When these powerful abilities were combined, it was no longer a matter of one plus one equals two.

“For example, he had used the mental whip and the earth spikes to skewer Darkwin. With the combination of these two abilities, I would also be pierced through. Then tell me, is there a point?”

Yuan Shu was stunned!

“Teacher, how much do you think Xu Tui’s energy outburst value should be?” Darkwin asked his teacher, Rade.

“The bars of energy outburst value might seem simple, but in the later stages, every increase in energy burst values requires full strength. After 40 bars, every additional bar of energy outburst value represented a huge difference in strength. I think that Xu Tui’s energy outburst value should be 40 or 41 bars. It will definitely not exceed 42 bars,” Rade said.

“Teacher, I think that Xu Tui’s energy outburst value should exceed 42 bars,” Darkwin said.

Hearing this, Rade glanced at Darkwin and could not help but sigh. “Darkwin, I understand that Xu Tui had skewered you on that day, leaving you with a huge psychological trauma. You had overestimated Xu Tui’s strength only to find a valid reason for yourself to step out of this psychological trauma. However, in reality, Xu Tui’s strength is definitely not as terrifying as you think…”

Before he could finish speaking, Rade pointed at the full-frequency energy testing device and said, “Look, I’m not wrong, am I?

Forty-one bars!”

While Dakwin and Rade were talking, Xu Tui conjured earth spikes and slammed it into the face of the full-frequency energy testing device. The full-frequency energy testing device trembled slightly. A light surged and quickly lit up 41 bars.

Xu Tui’s Earth Spike had an energy outburst value of 41 bars. This data made the expectant students and teachers happy but also a little disappointed. This energy burst value was already the energy burst value of a mid-grade Level S genetic mutant. Many second-year students could not reach this level.

Xu Tui was only a freshman, but he had already achieved it. He deserved the title of the number one prodigy! However, he was not worthy of obtaining the title of the number one prodigy in a day and scaring away countless prodigies in the 2,138th batch.

Xu Tui was indeed strong, but he was not ridiculously strong.

The Earth Spike was Xu Tui’s first test. The second test item in his plan was the Mental Vibrating Whip.

The first was the 1% of Mental Vibrating Whip. He lashed out with his whip.@@novelbin@@

36 energy bars were lit up.

It was not high. However, it was stronger than Xu Tui had imagined. After all, it was only a 1% of Mental Vibrating Whip.

However, the energy outburst value this time disappointed all the students and teachers again.