Chapter 458 - Hug, You Don’T Understand

Chapter 458: Hug, You Don’t Understand

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Because I want to fight for the relevant rewards for the 2,138th Mars actual combat. Therefore, if we want to form a team, we can only form a party. The spoils of war will be distributed according to the contribution.”

Xu Tui saw Yan Lie in a corner of a small training field. He was not tall, had a thin figure, and had an extremely weak presence. If Xu Tui had casually passed by this place, he might not have noticed Yan Lie, who was in the shadows.

“Sure.”

Yan Lie was a man of few words.

“The second question is, who has the final say on the Mars battlefield?” Xu Tui took the initiative to ask this question.

If this problem could be resolved, he would be able to form a team with Yan Lie. If not, it would be better to go alone than to have internal strife.

Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui, then at himself. “There’s no need to consider this, right? I’ve already participated in two rounds of Mars combat and actually entered and left the Mars battlefield three times. And you are just a newcomer.”

Yan Lie’s words made his intentions extremely clear. In all aspects, he naturally had to listen to Yan Lie. He was the captain. He was the commander!

Xu Tui sighed to himself when he heard that. It looked like he would not be able to team up with Yan Lie. He could not listen to the commands of a genetic newcomer who walked the path of an assassin. Most of the time, assassins took an unconventional path and took risks.

Xu Tui did not like this style. He did not like to gamble.

“Unfortunately, I prefer stability.”

Xu Tui stood up and was about to leave. This was a matter of life and death. There was no need to force the other party.

“Are you afraid that I’ll take risks?” Yan Lie, who was sitting in the shadows, suddenly asked.

Xu Tui nodded.

“But your experience…”

“I like to listen to others’ opinions the most.”

“Then what’s your opinion?”

“Between you and me, no matter who completely obeys who, it’s impossible without understanding the situation. My suggestion is to let me be the leader, I might be more stable in my actions. Of course, I will listen to your opinion fully.

“Of course, I hope that you will try your best to listen to instructions during battle. After we have some understanding, we have to try to trust each other. This is the foundation of a team,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui and nodded gently. “Your opinion is rather pertinent. This is the first time we’re working together. It’s impossible for us to completely obey or trust each other. Of course, I hope to build trust as soon as possible. I can agree with you as the leader, but there’s only one condition.”

“Please say.”

“If we have a huge difference of opinion on the Mars battlefield, we’ll split up. Neither of us will delay the other,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. “I think so too.”@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie stood up and looked at Xu Tui. “Our abilities are all offensive techniques. As for the specific cooperation, let’s go to the Mars battlefield to train in actual combat. There was no point in arguing on paper. There’s still a day. You’d better finish reading the information on the Mars battlefield! I don’t want to be a commentator.”

“Don’t worry!”

…

How should he put it? Xu Tui’s communication with Yan Lie went smoothly. To a certain extent, Xu Tui preferred to communicate with people like Yan Lie. He did not hide anything and was relaxed.

At night, all the students experienced another psychological training. It could also be considered the last psychological test of all the participating students in the Moon base.

A will!

All the students participating in the battle had to leave a will.

If they died in battle, they would receive heroic treatment. At the same time, the Moon base would hand over the will and carry out the funeral according to the contents of the will, such as compensation.

In theory, everyone had the possibility of dying in battle. If they returned alive, this thing would be useless. They would treat it as a suicide essay.

Many students broke down on the spot. Some things were terrifying just thinking about it. However, after calming down, there were basically no students who withdrew.

Just because the Huaxia Sector did not have it did not mean that the other sectors did not. Due to the will incident, three more students from the six alliances decided to withdraw the night before they set off for Mars.

The price of withdrawing was to deprive them of everything they had. They would also have to face a high amount of compensation. It would even affect their families on the Blue Star. However, before the fear of death, the three students still withdrew.

Among the three students, one was from the Africa Sector, one was from the American Sector, and one was from the India Sector. Although there were internal strifes in the Huaya Sector, there were no such students.

Xu Tui’s will was actually very simple. If he really died in battle, the compensation would naturally belong to his parents. The inheritance would be split into two, one for his parents and the other for Luo Shifeng’s mother.

Some of the continued profits from the research results of the invention of reaction speed were donated to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and the rest to Jincheng Ninth High School.

Xu Tui made arrangements for his funeral. In reality, he had also been affected by the matter of the will. He thought of his parents, Gong Ling, Old Luo, and Painted Skin Feng Qian, whom he had yet to track down.

He even thought of An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui had an indescribable emotion in his heart, but he could not express it. It was also because of this emotion that he arrived at An Xiaoxue’s dormitory after he handed in his will.

Xu Tui took a few whiffs of the faint fragrance of An Xiaoxue’s dormitory. The frustration in his heart suddenly dissipated.

“Why? Are you under pressure?” An Xiaoxue could tell that Xu Tui was not in a good mood.

Xu Tui nodded first, but then he shook his head. “I don’t know what’s going on either. I just feel like something is missing.”

“What’s missing?”

“I can’t think of anything.”

An Xiaoxue was silent.

Xu Tui was silent.

Ah Huang, who had been ordered to be a dog, had a helpless expression. Can’t you f*cking say that you lack a hug?

“Miss An, are you going to the Mars battlefield tomorrow?” Xu Tui asked after a moment of silence.

“Yes!” An Xiaoxue gave an affirmative answer.

Xu Tui instantly became happy when he heard that. “Miss An, then I’ll go with you?” With Miss An, Xu Tui could abandon Yan Lie.

“No!” An Xiaoxue firmly refused him.

“Why?”

“I went to Mars to break through. At the same time, I was stationed in an area with the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm. If an extraordinary force appeared on the Mars battlefield, I would eliminate it!” An Xiaoxue said.

“Is it very dangerous?”

“A little, but I’m not the only one. There should be six of us. We have to set off after midnight tonight,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable weight in his heart. “Miss An, have you written your will?”

“Yes, this is the battle regulations.”

Xu Tui let out a soft grunt.

“Do you want to know?” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui.

“A little.”

“I don’t have any relatives. You have a portion of my assets.”

“I don’t want to take it.” Xu Tui rejected her with a smile. “By the way, Miss An, can I move closer to you after I reach the Mars battlefield?”

“It’s very difficult. There are no effective and immediate contact details on Mars. Don’t think too much about it. You have to believe in my strength too.” An Xiaoxue could tell that Xu Tui was worried.

Xu Tui nodded slightly.

“Go back and rest early. You have to maintain your mind power at its peak before you set off tomorrow night,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Alright!”

Xu Tui took a while to leave. Ah Huang’s voice kept flashing in his mind.

A hug! What was wrong with a hug before you leave? What are you afraid of? Are you still a man? You like Xiaoxue but you don’t even dare to ask for a hug?

Suddenly, Xu Tui, who had walked to the door of the room, took a deep breath and turned around. “Miss An, can I… Can I hug you?”

After saying that, Xu Tui felt his heart beat like a drum. He had not been this nervous the last time he fought Wang Ji!

At the same time, Ah Huang had already started to curse, “You idiot! Why are you addressing her as Miss!”

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui’s clear eyes. She hesitated for a moment, then nodded slightly. Xu Tui did not know what to do now that An Xiaoxue had agreed.

“Hurry up and hug her. Are you stupid?”

At the very least, Ah Huang reminded him. Xu Tui gently stepped forward and hugged An Xiaoxue. The fragrance of her long hair entered his nose. The moment he touched An Xiaoxue’s waist with his left hand, he felt that An Xiaoxue’s waist was shockingly stiff. She even trembled violently.

Xu Tui was so frightened that he quickly let go of An Xiaoxue. An Xiaoxue lowered her head and did not dare to look at Xu Tui. She seemed to be a little nervous.

“Hug her. Hug her again. You have to hug her properly. What’s wrong with you, hugging her lightly?”

“Are you stupid? Take the opportunity to kiss her!”

“You can kiss her forehead too!”

“F*ck, why are you running!”

“Damn, Xu Tui, I’m going to die of anger from you!”

“Miss An, I’ll go back first.”

Xu Tui forced himself to calm down and said this. Then, he quickly left An Xiaoxue’s dormitory. His violent heartbeat only slowed down after he left An Xiaoxue’s dormitory for a while. Ah Huang was still chattering. He was scolding Xu Tui for wasting a precious opportunity. He finally had a chance, but in the end, he turned into a spring and sent it away.

“Ah Huang, shut up. If you continue to talk, I’ll ban you from talking.”

“You!” Ah Huang was furious. “I… I’m doing this for your and Xiaoxue’s sake. Did I do something wrong? I’ve studied all the papers and real cases of the relationship experts on the Blue Star no less than ten times. You… Without a doubt, if you were a little more daring tonight, you might have pushed Xiaoxue…”

“Shut up!” Xu Tui suddenly let out a thunderous roar.

The students who passed by were at a loss. Ah Huang wisely shut its mouth. It knew that Xu Tui might be really angry. Xu Tui wanted to flare up, but he remembered that Ah Huang was only an advanced artificial intelligence.

“Ah Huang, there are some things that you don’t understand!”

“Don’t I understand? I feel that there’s nothing I don’t understand about relationships.”

“Hah…”

In an instant, Ah Huang felt as if it had suffered 100,000 points of discrimination. It was inexplicably depressing.

…

In a hall in the India Sector’s base on Mars, there were only a few people. Darkwin’s teacher, Rade, was among them.

“Rade, at midnight, you will be the first to enter the Mars battlefield. Are you ready?” The person who spoke was Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee.

“Don’t worry, Sir. I’m already prepared.”

“Alright, confirm the location immediately and search for the target’s source. After finding the location, send a signal immediately. The others were already prepared in Deimos. Once you found the location of the target source, the advance team of Deimos would set off.

“This time, we must successfully establish a temporary base. Once the temporary base was successfully established, everything would be very different. Whether it’s you, me, or our India Sector, do you understand?”

Rade nodded heavily, but he was still a little worried.

“Sir, I’m afraid we won’t be able to defend the temporary base with just us, will we?” Rade asked doubtfully.

“There are naturally other arrangements. At the same time, it is also related to their mission. When the time comes, the teams gathered around you will try their best to cooperate with their actions.” Nilab looked at the other four students in the hall.

These four students were all elites among the third-year students in the India Sector. A few minutes later, Rade left with his men.

Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, made another call. “Old friend, I’m ready. Do you have any problems?”

“Everything is ready!”