Chapter 455 - Mobilization Before The Battle (1)

Chapter 455: Mobilization Before the Battle (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The other students had been studying about the Mars battlefield for almost a day, but Xu Tui only had one afternoon. Moreover, the schedule was very tight. The actual combat team would be formed in the afternoon.

Xu Tui could only see the research materials at every opportunity. This was the first time he had seen many of the materials. To be honest, he was still very shocked.

In the afternoon, before the formation of the combat team, Instructor Lu Kang gave all the students a question-and-answer guide on the formation of the team. It could barely be considered a pre-battle mobilization.

This was a group lesson.

The first question was, why did they have to form a team?

Extraterrestrial studies to Mars was already a routine military operation every year.

However, every student who could come to the extraterrestrial for studies was the most precious talent on the Blue Star. Both the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the command center of the Moon base in charge of this matter hoped to reduce the casualties. They were also working hard to reduce the casualties of the students.

On the other hand, forming a team could increase an individual’s ability to deal with accidents. Their survival rate after being injured would also greatly increase.

At the same time, forming a team would greatly increase the results.

The second question was, why did students have to go to the Mars battlefield for practical training?

Since every student who could come to study was the most precious talent on the Blue Star, why not wait for them to grow for another year or two before sending them to Mars for actual combat?

This question was actually the question in the hearts of many extraterrestrial research students. After all, life on the Blue Star was relatively stable. Especially in the Huaxia Sector.

Life was peaceful.

Why would they risk 7% or even 10% of the death rate to go to Mars for actual training?

Instructor Lu Kang directly pointed out the questions that many students wanted to ask but did not dare to.

“These are actually two questions. Let’s talk about the first question first. Why did you first-year students have to go to Mars for actual training? The reason was the Quantum Portal that I told you about yesterday.

“Through the Quantum Portal, we can reach Mars from the moon base in just a few seconds. However, this Quantum Portal passageway had a restriction. More accurately, there was an energy restriction.

“Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not pass through it.

“Cultivators at the Genetic Evolution Realm could only pass through one person every two hours. Moreover, only six Genetic Evolvers could pass through the portal in a day. Then, the Quantum Portal would not be able to be opened again in a day.

“However, cultivators below the Genetic Evolution Realm had very few restrictions. Therefore, to a certain extent, you will be the main force on the Mars battlefield! Over the years, as we learned more and more about Mars, Mars became more and more mysterious.

“There were many restrictions. Currently, the five bases on Mars are defending. To put it bluntly, the five bases on Mars need your support! Therefore, from now on, you should change your mindset.

“Tomorrow night, you will head to Mars. It is not practical training, but a battle! It’s a battle!”

…@@novelbin@@

The atmosphere in the classroom became extremely solemn and serious under the voice of Instructor Lu Kang.

“As for whether you want to go or not, can you not go? Actually, I’ve said it before. Everything you enjoy in the extra-terrestrial, including food, clothing, housing, transportation, and various cultivation resources, are provided to you for free by the Huaxia Sector. These things worth tens of millions of dollars did not come out of thin air. It was painstakingly accumulated by millions of ordinary people in the Huaxia Sector.

“It’s fine if you don’t want to go. If you are really afraid of death, sending you to Mars would be sending you to your death. It might even harm your teammates. Those who are not going can apply to withdraw from the school after class. I’ll sign and agree.

“Of course, the resources you enjoy now will be stripped away. You will also have to compensate for the resources and rights you once enjoyed.

“That was all I had to say. It was human nature to be afraid of death. However, if you really can’t overcome the fear in your heart, please look for me alone after class. However!”

At this point, Instructor Lu Kang’s tone suddenly became stern.

“Now, I’ve already given you a chance to withdraw. If you regret and even want to become a deserter once you were thrown onto the battlefield, there will only be one outcome—military punishment!”

After saying this extremely heavy topic, a terrifying smile appeared on Instructor Lu Kang’s serious face. All the students understood that Instructor Lu Kang wanted to make the atmosphere more relaxed. However, Instructor Lu Kang’s smile was a little terrifying.

“Third question, the basic principles of forming a team. There’s a guide to forming a team. You can take a closer look. However, there was a huge prerequisite for the formation of all teams.

“There were at most nine people who could pass through the Quantum Portal at once. The landing point of Mars after each flash of the Quantum Portal was different. The landing point of the two flashes on Mars through the Quantum Portal might be very close or very far. If it was far away, the team would be meaningless. Therefore, in theory, the lowest number of people for a team was one person, at most nine people.

“It’s fine if there are more than nine people. However, with me, the upper limit of the number of people registered in a team is nine,” Instructor Lu Kang said.

“Fourth question, the reward question.”

As soon as Instructor Lu Kang said that, the students from the Huaxia Sector, whose morale had been a little low just now, immediately became excited.

There was a reward! There was actually a reward!

“This is a battle, and you are not soldiers. Therefore, all of your contributions will be recorded into your personal information account in the form of personal contribution points.”