Chapter 456 - Mobilization Before The Battle (2)

Chapter 456: Mobilization Before the Battle (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“You have already understood the value of your contribution points these few days in the extra-terrestrial. All the spoils had contribution points. Other than a few strategic resources, you can choose to convert the other seized resources into contribution points or take them away. Also, did the rewards for the 100 students on the Prodigy List make you very envious?”

As he spoke, Instructor Lu Kang projected the diagram of the rewards that had been distributed previously. This included the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, Origin Crystals, Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir, and so on.

“What I can tell you is that the rewards given out by Mars in actual combat are ten times or even more than those on the Prodigy List!

“The top three on the battle contribution rankings would receive rewards from the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, Origin Crystals, and Enhanced Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir. There are a wide range of rewards!

“As long as you returned alive, you would be rewarded with contribution points. Without a doubt, most of you will be able to obtain the reward. Many of the rewards were given out by the teams. I’ll send you the details later.

“In this Mars battle, individual strength was no longer king. You have to rely more on strategic tactics, intelligence, and even a little luck. Strength is only an important component,” Instructor Lu Kang said.

“Alright, I’ll cut to the chase. All the relevant details will be sent to your personal communication devices. You can ask me if you have any questions.@@novelbin@@

“The candidates for the captain of the team would be the students who had made it onto the Prodigy List and were ranked as a prodigy. They would automatically be given the position of the captain of the team.

“Of course, you could refuse if you were unwilling. The other students could freely choose their captain. Remember, once you recognize that person as your captain, you have to obey the captain’s orders completely on the Mars battlefield. Under non-battle conditions, you can only lodge a complaint if two-thirds of the members question it. Otherwise, you will be subject to military law!” Instructor Lu Kang said.

“Next, you can start forming teams freely. Ask me if you have any questions. If you succeed in forming a team, you can come and register with me.”

Following Instructor Lu Kang’s order, the entire classroom instantly became lively. Many students, especially the powerful ones, instantly became the center of attention.

Students from the Supernatural Branch also became the center. Water-type and wood-type supernatural beings who might have healing abilities were more popular. Earth-type supernatural beings with powerful defensive abilities were even more popular.

But an awkward scene appeared. No one came to look for Xu Tui.

This surprised Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had his own thoughts on forming a team. However, he did not expect him to be unpopular.

No one came to snatch him away!

Look at Zuo Qingqing. It was fine if she was surrounded by a group of students.

Che Zhan, a fire-type supernatural being, was also surrounded by many students.

On the other hand, there was no one beside Xu Tui.

Xu Tui rubbed his nose in embarrassment. He understood the reason. Many students probably felt that they were not worthy of being Xu Tui’s team members. It was just like how many students did not dare to chase after their goddess, causing her to remain single. Actually, the more beautiful a goddess was, the easier it was to woo her because no one dared to woo the goddess!

Xu Tui felt that he was a goddess that no one was chasing at this moment.

“How is it? Do you have any thoughts about the candidates for the team?” Instructor Lu Kang took the initiative to move closer to Xu Tui.

The number one prodigy! He was also the number one prodigy in the Huaxia Sector. Even if he was a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, Instructor Lu Kang had to pay attention to him.

Just as he had said, Mars’ actual training was battle! There were many things at stake. As the number one prodigy in the Huaxia Sector, he had to focus on nurturing Xu Tui.

“Instructor, look, no one is choosing me…” Xu Tui’s face darkened.

Hearing this, Instructor Lu Kang revealed a terrifying smile again. “It’s mainly because the strength you displayed previously was too strong. Many students felt that they were not qualified to be your teammates, so they did not look for you. Then tell me, what do you have in mind? If you like any student, they should be very happy to be your teammate.”

“This… Instructor, actually, I also feel that these students are not qualified to be my teammates.”

“Whoa!”

Instructor Lu Kang looked at Xu Tui. He really dared to say it. However, Xu Tui was not bragging.

With the strength that Xu Tui had displayed so far, all the first-year students in the Huaxia Sector would most likely hinder Xu Tui if they became his teammates. They might even become a burden to him.

“So do you want to be a loner? Or do you have any ideas?”

“Instructor, there’s a third-year senior who wants to form a team with me. If he could ask me that, then it should be possible according to the rules. Instructor, can you give me some advice?” Xu Tui asked.

Instructor Lu Kang had been an instructor of the Huaxia Sector in the Moon base for several years. He had also experienced the extraterrestrial research of students for several years. He should have a lot of say in this aspect.

“Who?”

“Yan Lie!”

“Yan Lie?”

Instructor Lu Kang revealed a thoughtful expression. It was obvious that he had an impression of Yan Lie.

“Actually, the person who suits Yan Lie the most should be the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi. One is good at assassination and explosive attacks, while the other is as still as a mountain. His attacks are also extremely powerful. However, Cui Xi and Yan Lie also have obvious weaknesses.”

“Their combination has a shortcoming?” Xu Tui thought for a moment and suddenly reacted. “Superpower?”

“That’s right.” Lu Kang nodded. “That’s why I tried to matchmake them last year, but in the end, they didn’t get along. I didn’t expect Yan Lie to take a fancy to you.