Chapter 453 - Extraterrestrial Product, Is It Good

Chapter 453: Extraterrestrial Product, Is It Good or Evil?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, the number one prodigy, had undergone an energy outburst test and harvested a large number of eyeballs. Although he snatched the number one prodigy spot in just one battle, after today, the hope in anyone’s heart would be shattered!

Xu Tui did not leave the Physical Testing Hall immediately after he completed his energy outburst value test and obtained his final ability evaluation. He did not fancy these first-year geniuses. He was targeting the second-year or even third-year geniuses.

Not many second-year and third-year geniuses came to take the test. However, there were still acquaintances.

For example, Cui Xi.

Xu Tui wanted to see Cui Xi’s energy outburst test results with his own eyes. This way, he could use Cui Xi as a reference to roughly estimate the level of the energy outburst value of the second-year students.

Similarly, there were even fewer third-year seniors who came for the test. Xu Tui did not recognize the few who came. However, this did not prevent him from using their energy outburst value as a reference.

Of course, Xu Tui knew very well that this energy outburst value only had one basic reference point. This was because today’s test was arranged for this batch of freshmen by the Moon base’s Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

The second and third-year seniors were all taking the opportunity to freeload, so they were arranged at the back.

Xu Tui felt a little bored as he waited. After all, most of the energy outburst values tested by the first-year students were between 20 to 30. Other than the top 10 geniuses, there were very few people whose energy outburst value exceeded 30.

It was worth mentioning that Chi Hongying’s energy outburst had also reached 30 points. It was the same as the energy burst value of the fifth prodigy, Peter.

Actually, before this, Xu Tui had always thought that Chi Hongying had a chance of entering the top 10. However, she was only ranked 14th on the Prodigy List. From the looks of it, he could basically find the reason.

Chi Hongying’s energy outburst value was not low, just like the fifth prodigy, Peter. She should be lacking in ability coordination. In other words, the genetic ability chain that Chi Hongying had activated might not have formed a system yet, or she might not have completely found her path.

Chi Hongying’s path was a little similar to Yan Lie. Close combat, explosive attacks, and assassination tactics. The advantages and disadvantages of this path were very obvious.

The energy burst values of others like Che Zhan, Xiang Chun, and the others were all at 27 and 25 bars. It was considered very powerful.

During the test, many students who were not on the Prodigy List had higher energy outburst values than those who were on the Prodigy List.

The reason was very complicated. Ability system, cooperation in battle, reaction speed, combat experience, and so on.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he was bored.

Perception! What would happen if he used his mental perception to sense this full-frequency energy testing device? When this thought appeared in his mind, he could not help but look in the direction of the Chief Instructor Black Tower.

Would he be discovered? Would he be punished? He wouldn’t, right?

Mental perception was just a form of mental overlooking. He only used his mind power as an eye to look at the full-frequency energy testing device. Everyone was staring at the full-frequency energy testing device at this moment, but they did not see any problems.

In any case, it was not bad!@@novelbin@@

After convincing himself, Xu Tui’s mind power spread out silently.

In the entire Physical Testing Hall, various force fields kept erupting and disappearing because of the energy outburst test. The force fields were very chaotic. No one would notice that Xu Tui had used his mental perception.

The full-frequency energy testing device was only 40 meters away from Xu Tui. His mental perception immediately came into contact with the full-frequency energy testing device. The moment he touched one of the surfaces of the full-frequency energy testing device, there was no reaction.

Xu Tui was relieved.

The full-frequency energy testing device did not react to his mental perception. He silently sensed his surroundings. His mind power could not go deep. He could only sense the surface of this thing.

The material on the surface was not any material that he knew. It was very tough, flexible, and very resistant. It was very smooth, but it did not reflect any damage.

Currently, Xu Tui has not found any traces of industrial products.

There were no gaps! The octahedral diamond-shaped body of the full-frequency energy tester seemed to be a complete whole.

Xu Tui felt that it was unlikely. He sensed it even more carefully. In a few seconds, he had reached the limit of this microscopic perception. It was equivalent to enlarging the surface of the full-frequency energy testing device by more than 50,000 times.

Xu Tui still did not notice any gaps or traces of industrial production.

This was a natural creation? Such a perfect thing?

Xu Tui was a little confused. His microscopic perception was fruitless. Xu Tui retracted his mind power slightly and sensed the full-frequency energy testing device from above.

Xu Tui now called this sensing method a macroscopic perception. It was the last way he could sense the various original quantum frequencies. He looked down and sensed the most detailed details in all aspects.

Xu Tui immediately made a new discovery.

Rhythm! There was an extremely weak indescribable rhythm inside the full-frequency energy testing device. It was a little like an energy fluctuation. But it was indescribable.

Every time a student unleashed an attack, this rhythm would also fluctuate extremely slightly.

It contracted!

It felt like a contraction. It was just like how a person’s skin would instinctively contract after being beaten up. This might be how the device operated.

Xu Tui continued to sense it purely out of curiosity.

However, just as he was continuing to sense his surroundings, layers of ripples suddenly appeared on the main genetic base points of the mental perception that he had just strengthened but not yet mutated.

It was like throwing a stone under a calm surface of water. It rippled. The moment the ripples spread out, Xu Tui’s mental perception suddenly changed. It suddenly seemed to have an additional layer of inexplicable penetrative power. It was as if he had X-ray vision.

The surface of the full-frequency energy tester that his mental perception could not enter previously suddenly passed through.

Xu Tui’s mental perception passed through the interior of the full-frequency energy testing device.

“Oh?”

Xu Tui was so shocked that his hair almost stood on end. That was because he did not make that sound. It was released from within the full-frequency energy testing device.

At this moment, what Xu Tui saw with his mental perception was indescribable. It had completely exceeded his understanding. This full-frequency energy testing device should not be a mechanical creation!

The interior was a whole. Countless lights of different colors circulated, like blood vessels or energy flow. There was a huge three-colored ball of light in the middle.

With his mental perception, he could see all the energy attacks that blasted into the full-frequency energy testing device, no matter which side they came from. They were all blasted into the three-colored ball of light and disappeared.

The three-colored ball of light squirmed like a creature. The various diamond-shaped surfaces of the full-frequency energy testing device would display the corresponding energy burst value.

“Do you have consciousness?”

“Can you communicate?”

“Did you make that sound?”

The moment Xu Tui heard the exclamation, he used his mental perception and spiritual resonance to express his thoughts.

“Oh?” This time, the full-frequency energy testing device let out another soft exclamation. However, this soft exclamation was clearly filled with surprise, shock, and even a little pleasantness.

Xu Tui could differentiate it very well. However, just as the full-frequency energy testing device let out a surprised cry, the students in the physical testing hall suddenly exclaimed. This was especially so for the students who were testing their energy output. Their expressions became extremely strange.

99 bars!

On the eight diamond-shaped faces, regardless of whether there were any students testing it, the energy burst values all lit up. All 99 bars lit up! The entire diamond-shaped body seemed to be glowing at this moment.

It was a little glaring and dazzling!

The students were a little flustered. Most of the teachers and instructors looked very surprised. However, the chief instructor, Black Tower, did not panic. He only frowned slightly.

“Why would there be a problem before the cycle is over? Did he have a problem again?”

Clearly, this was not the first time he had this problem.

“Let’s restart the temporary treatment stimulation and see if we can continue testing. If we can’t, then today’s test will be temporarily suspended,” Chief Instructor Black Tower ordered.

Immediately, a staff member from the Physical Examination Hall went to carry out the so-called temporary treatment stimulation.

Almost at the same time, countless energy lights surged up from the bottom of the full-frequency energy testing device, directly stimulating the interior of the full-frequency energy testing device to tremble as if it had been electrocuted.

Under the impact of the energy, Xu Tui’s mental perception fell out.

However, the moment his mental perception fell out, a tri-colored light suddenly flickered from the tri-colored light ball in the full-frequency energy testing device and charged toward Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Xu Tui’s expression changed slightly. In an instant, he dispersed his entire mental perception. His mind power domain suddenly contracted.

Whether this thing was a mechanical creation or a natural creation, Chief Instructor Black Tower had already said that it was an alien product.

The tri-colored light clearly wanted to follow Xu Tui’s mind power out. At this moment, no matter how curious Xu Tui was, he did not dare to bet on the kindness and evil of alien products or creatures that he did not understand. Therefore, he immediately took the initiative to disperse his mind power. It was to prevent the three-colored light from following him out.

The three-colored light that flew out of the three-colored ball of light only brushed past Xu Tui’s mind power before it dissipated.

Xu Tui’s mind power collapsed.

What did it mean to collapse?

Xu Tui’s mental perception was like a mental tentacle. Under normal circumstances, it would retract when it was extended. The consumption of mind power was extremely small. Dispersing meant that Xu Tui had directly dispersed the mind power that he had scattered outside and did not retract it. It was also because of this that his mind power instantly plummeted. It instantly dropped from more than 50% to less than 10%.

A huge sense of fatigue welled up in Xu Tui’s heart.

There were also doubts!

That was because Xu Tui heard another soft exclamation the moment his mind power dissipated. The third sound from the full-frequency energy testing device was filled with disappointment and even frustration.