Chapter 464 - Sky Aircraft And Participation In The Battle (2)

Chapter 464: Sky Aircraft and Participation in the Battle (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“What about the third?”

“The third is to go to the nearest Mars base of the various sectors and store our spoils after we register with our identifications. Then, the Mars base will transport the spoils of war back through other means. Of course, it will cost a little. About 15%,” Yan Lie said.

“Only 15%? That’s not high! That’s a good idea,” Xu Tui said firmly. “However, the closest to us now is the Mars base in the Russian Federation. Although both Mars bases belong to the Blue Star, this is wartime…” Xu Tui was a little worried.

“That’s right.” Yan Lie nodded at Xu Tui’s worry. “There’s no instant communication during wartime. The possibility of an accident happening is too high. Especially after the energy tide began, it was normal for anyone to die. Therefore, if we were to use this third method to store the spoils of war, it would be best if we could go to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Most of them are our own people,” Yan Lie said.

“Is it also because of this that the India Sector wants to establish their own Mars base?” Xu Tui suddenly thought of something.

“The death rate of the students in the India Sector is indeed the highest in every Mars battle. It exceeds 10% every time. That should be one of the reasons. However, how could it be that easy to establish a Mars base of their own sector? The more advanced a Mars base was, the harder it was to establish it. Otherwise, the other sectors would have developed a new Mars base long ago,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui had chatted with Yan Lie for most of the day and learned a lot about the difficulty of establishing a new Mars base. However, Xu Tui paid more attention to the issue of his spoils of war. He did not want to digress.

“The problem is that we are in Area 12 of Mars, the Mars base of the Huaya Sector is in Area 15. In our 50-kilogram state, it might take us two to three days to travel from Area 12 to Area 15.

The Mars base is guarded by extraterrestrial troops. We still have to return. That way, we might have five to six days on the road. The energy tide on Mars should start in two to three days,” Xu Tui analyzed.

“That’s right. Yan Lie nodded. “That’s indeed a problem. It’s troublesome. However, this is what I said just now. Do you dare to take a risk?”@@novelbin@@

“How so?”

“Mars base provides sky aircrafts, but it’s not free. It needs a certain amount of collateral to use. If it was damaged during the battle, we would not be able to get our collateral back. However, with the sky aircraft and our abilities, we can earn back the gains from the collateral in a day or two.

“Moreover, our mobility on the battlefield will be greatly increased. You might even be able to look for your teacher and have a certain level of communication ability with the Mars base.” Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui eagerly.

“How much is the collateral?”

“50 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy,or 80 kilograms of the Fission Race’s outer shell.”

Xu Tui only thought about it for half a second before he made a decision. “Let’s do it!”

“Alright! Damn it, I, a loner, finally have a chance to fly a sky aircraft!

“Then let’s set off now!”

“Let’s go!”

Xu Tui knew about the sky aircraft that Yan Lie was talking about. It was the smallest technological extraterrestrial combat unit, with a maximum speed of Mach 5, and could travel short distances in space. It was extremely adaptable to harsh environments.

For example, the repulsive-force flying skateboard that Xu Tui used on the Blue Star could theoretically be used on Mars. However, the harsh environment would reduce the lifespan of that thing and cause all kinds of uncertainties. Furthermore, endurance was a huge problem.

The cost of building a sky aircraft was very expensive, and there was not much stock, so the students were not given free rations. It was especially easy to damage during energy tides and battles. If one of them was broken, they would suffer a huge loss.

However, students who had a certain level of strength could use collateral to exchange for the right to use the sky aircraft. Collaterals were also a screening method of the student’s strength. As this thing could not be popularized, it was only mentioned in the Mars battlefield information.

Most of the students did not need it. Occasionally, third-year seniors would gather enough collateral early on to exchange for the temporary use of a sky aircraft. Of course, if there was damage, they had to compensate with collateral.

However, this had become Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s target.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie traveled at full speed for the next two days. With their strength, these Mechanical Spirits and Fission Race members would not be able to threaten them before the energy tide happened.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie encountered very few students along the way. Although Mars was smaller than the Blue Star, the land area of Mars was similar to the Blue Star. The total number of students invested by the six alliances would not exceed 30,000, including the second-year and third-year students.

What did it mean to have 30,000 people scattered on Mars? On average, there was only one person in a thousand square kilometers. Unless these people had a strategic movement after the energy tide began, there was no possibility of encountering them.

At the beginning of the journey, Yan Lie had held back his speed. He was afraid that Xu Tui would not be able to catch up. However, the more he traveled, the more shocked Yan Lie became.

Xu Tui followed behind him very easily. He was carrying a weight of 50 kilograms, and his face was neither red nor panting. Although this was related to the weak gravity on Mars, Xu Tui’s performance was indeed shocking.

Then, Yan Lie began to accelerate. He accelerated from 15 kilometers per hour to 20 kilometers per hour, then to 25 kilometers per hour.