Chapter 465 - Sky Aircraft And Participation In The Battle (3)

Chapter 465: Sky Aircraft and Participation in the Battle (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

This speed was a burden to him on the Blue Star, but it was still possible on Mars. In the end, Yan Lie was already panting when he accelerated to 30 kilometers per hour.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, acted as if nothing had happened. His face was not red, and he was not panting.

This made Yan Lie a little depressed. Who the f*ck was in the Extreme Branch? He accelerated again. However, Yan Lie’s breathing became unstable after he accelerated again.

“Yan Lie, your breathing is erratic. Pay attention to maintaining a constant speed,” Xu Tui quickly reminded him.@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie, who had slowed down slightly, had a puzzled expression. “Why are you so relaxed?”

“I have my mind power to support me. My weight is at least half lighter!”

Yan Lie was so depressed that he almost lost his breath when he heard Xu Tui’s answer. So that was the reason. No wonder Xu Tui was so relaxed.

Although Xu Tui had yet to complete his attempt to fly on a sword, his use of mind power had become more and more agile through his various attempts.

Two days later, Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who were moving quickly, stopped at the same time. A dense and ear-piercing explosion suddenly came from afar. At this moment, several kilometers away, the energy pillar and the flames of the cannon fire could be clearly seen.

Seeing this, Yan Lie was not shocked. Instead, he was delighted.

“It’s the frontline troops stationed on Mars that are clearing out the area before the energy tide. It must be the external troops of the Huaxia Sector. Under normal circumstances, the troops stationed at the Mars bases in the various sectors would not leave the base for more than 500 kilometers. Quick, let’s meet up with the troops,” Yan Lie said.

“Meet up?” Xu Tui was a little confused.

“That’s right. The army gives preferential treatment to students like us who can fight independently on Mars. If we rush over, they might send us back on their mechanized vehicles to the base. We won’t have to be so tired,” Yan Lie said.

“Okay!

Xu Tui had absolute confidence in the Huaxia Sector’s troops. However, he and Yan Lie still slowed down and adjusted their breathing and footsteps.

The gunfire in front of them meant that they were fighting. It was even a large-scale battle.

Fifteen minutes later, Yan Lie and Xu Tui climbed up a wind-eroded rock and looked down at the entire battlefield. They were immediately stunned.

Thousands of low-level Mechanical Spirits of the same color as Mars were pouncing on the extraterrestrial troops gathered in the formation.

It was impossible to tell how many people the combat troops had at a glance. A firepower blockade formed by interweaving firepower continuously killed these low-level Mechanical Spirits.

The low-level Mechanical Spirits that were continuously shattered or hit by energy weapons would instantly shatter and fuse into the ground.

However, a crippled low-level mechanical spirit beast let out a roar. The energy around its body flashed, and the limbs of the Mechanical Spirit that were about to fuse into the ground gathered on the crippled mechanical spirit beast amidst the energy light.

In an instant, the low-level mechanical spirit beast recovered to its original state and became even stronger. Then, the low-level mechanical spirit beast took the opportunity to pass through the firepower blockade and whip out with its tail.

A warrior’s extraterrestrial combat uniform was instantly shattered! The soldier’s breathing immediately became extremely rapid. Without the protection of the extraterrestrial combat armor, these ordinary warriors would not be able to adapt to the harsh environment of Mars.

The comrades beside him wanted to save him. However, the rescue operation caused more mechanical spirit beasts to break through the firepower blockade. In an instant, several warriors’ extraterrestrial combat uniforms were shattered.

“Don’t worry about me!” The warrior whose combat uniform first whipped into pieces let out a final roar. He used his last bit of strength to roll towards the four mechanical spirit beasts that had just broken through the firepower blockade.

The moment he pounced out, he detonated the five plasma infantry mines in his hand. High-powered plasma instantly enveloped the four mechanical spirit beasts that had broken through the blockade.

It temporarily strengthened the firepower blockade here and bought time for the other three comrades.

“What are you waiting for? Join the battle!” Xu Tui roared and took the lead to charge to the side of the battlefield.