Chapter 460 - Useless Teammate And Great Capture (1)

Chapter 460: Useless Teammate and Great Capture (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Yan Lie slashed out with his two sabers, causing sparks to fly. With every attack, there was an explosive sound and dust flew. However, there were no enemies to the naked eye. Yan Lie seemed to be fighting an invisible object.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui’s mental perception discovered Yan Lie’s enemy.

It was a one-meter-long creature with six limbs. It was dark red in color, exactly the same color as the ground of Mars. Even the changes in the light and dark were exactly the same, causing it to be completely invisible to the naked eye.

However, during the battle with Yan Lie, there would occasionally be flashes of energy and flashes of metal. There was no change in the temperature on his body. There was only a dense stream of energy.

Mechanical Spirit Race!

This was the Mechanical Spirit that Instructor Lu Kang had called the Mars Remnant Poison.

The flying sword instantly whistled out. The moment the flying sword flew out, Xu Tui did not forget to send his mind power into the small full-frequency energy detector to investigate.

There were two spots of light with two bars lit up each. These two spots of light represented the energy strength of Yan Lie and the horned six-legged Mechanical Spirit. They were both at the Genetic Mutation Realm. Other than that, there was no difference.

It was just a reference to the strength of the energy in one’s body. It could not be seen how strong it was. However, it could be seen that Yan Lie was very experienced. He was almost suppressing the Mechanical Spirit. Moreover, Yan Lie fought very easily. He had some strength left, but he did not kill the Mechanical Spirit. He kept knocking the Mechanical Spirit into the air.

Xu Tui understood why.

Yan Lie wanted the spoils of war.@@novelbin@@

In the previous information about the Mars battlefield, there was one thing that was very clear—the Mechanical Spirit Race would dissipate and melt on the spot if it touched the ground. Even if it was cut into pieces, it would instantly fuse into the ground as long as it landed. Even if you turned the ground upside down, you would not be able to find them.

Someone had once taken five meters of the soil near the point where the Mechanical Spirit was fused into. This five-meter referred to a three-dimensional form. Then, he spent a lot of money to send it to the Moon Base Research Institute through a special method. After extracting and tempering it in various ways, he could obtain about 30 grams of Mechanical Spirit Alloy per cubic meter of soil.

However, the Mechanical Spirit that the human Genetic Evolution Realm expert had killed at that time was estimated to weigh more than 500 kilograms. The time it took to extract the soil of the five-meter-wide and five-meter-tall ground was within ten seconds.

In other words, 99% of the Mechanical Spirit’s main body that landed on the ground escaped in ten seconds. Therefore, after defeating the Mechanical Spirit, he had to make it float in the air if he wanted to obtain the loot.

He had to not come into contact with the land.

The moment Xu Tui’s flying sword moved, Yan Lie had already shouted, “Don’t interfere. Don’t let it land on the ground.”

He was afraid that Xu Tui would interfere and disrupt his rhythm, causing the Mechanical Spirit to land and escape. How should he put it? As long as this Mechanical Spirit fused with the ground and spent a certain amount of time gathering energy, it would be reborn at some strange time.

It was extremely difficult to deal with. However, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Mechanical Spirit Alloy was a resource that humans could not produce themselves but urgently needed.

The high flexibility and ductility of the Mechanical Spirit Alloy was nothing. Just its memory function, color-changing function, energy field power, and mind power were enough to prove its value. It was the most valuable spoils of war on the Mars battlefield.

However, even if this thing was cut into pieces, before it was tempered by high temperatures, every piece seemed to have a consciousness and would desperately escape.

It was very difficult to seize it.

Therefore, Yan Lie shouted!

Xu Tui glanced at Yan Lie. The circling flying sword suddenly accelerated. Silver light flashed and pierced through the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit at its abdomen. The Mechanical Spirit Race had vital points. The most violent energy reaction was its core vital point. Its location was uncertain. It was very difficult for ordinary people to sense and lock onto the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

However, Xu Tui did not have any problems. He had already combined his normal, microscopic, and macroscopic perception and instantly found the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit.

It exploded like a headshot! The energy core exploded with a single strike. The Mechanical Spirit instantly disintegrated into hundreds of pieces. It was as if they had turned into hundreds of slippery rats and shot to the ground.

“F*ck!” Even the taciturn Yan Lie could not help but curse.

He retracted his two sabers and pounced out like lightning. He grabbed a small limb the size of a palm that the Mechanical Spirit had spread out with both hands. When the small limb was grabbed by Yan Lie, it was still struggling violently. It was like a living creature that kept changing its form, wanting to break free from Yan Lie’s hands and escape to the ground.

Yan Lie’s energy field surged out of his hands and he gripped the joint tightly. His expression was a little gloomy.

What a useless teammate!

Yan Lie suddenly felt a little worried. Previously, he had paid too much attention to Xu Tui’s strength and did not pay attention to anything else. He did not have any relevant information even if he wanted to. However, the first battle on Mars made Yan Lie feel wrong.

He was afraid that Xu Tui would not notice the characteristics of the Mechanical Spirit Race. He did not have any experience and had already reminded him. He had even forcefully taken action, causing the number of spoils to decrease drastically.

If this was not a useless teammate, what was? If he listened to his instructions and cooperated, he would be able to obtain at least two or even three limbs. He would have seized at least three kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy!

50 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy was enough for him to exchange for a custom-made 20-kilogram Mechanical Spirit Alloy combat uniform.