Chapter 467 - Saving People And Mindset (2)

Chapter 467: Saving People and Mindset (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Then I’ll send them on their last journey!”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie could not help but follow. No one stopped them. After all, they were allies who had contributed greatly just now.

On the temporary medical rack, there were three soldiers whose faces were covered by military banners. There was also a person with a single shoe. Captain Feng Xuanbiao pursed his lips as he passed by. His footsteps stopped in front of the other two racks.

On the medical rack, a soldier was missing half a leg. The injury to his broken leg was not serious. The bleeding had already stopped. The difficult part was that a piece of flesh the size of a washbasin was missing from his lower abdomen. His abdominal cavity was also indescribably terrible. Blood spurted out, and his internal organs were mixed with filth. The military doctor had a tragic expression.

There was another injured soldier lying on a single rack. He was covered in blood. Looking closely at the wound, the main wound was on his chest. There was a huge wound from his right shoulder to the edge of his lower-left ribs. One could see his pink lungs and red heart.

It could be seen that the doctor had used all his field medical methods, but it was useless.

Captain Feng Xuanbiao’s lips moved. In the end, he passed by the injured person with a defect in his lower abdomen and landed on the injured person with a heart and lungs injury.

“Can’t we do surgery on the spot?”

The doctor had a miserable expression. “This surgery will take more than three hours at the base. Cao Zhi might not even be able to last three minutes.”

“What about Tie Tou?” The regiment commander asked the injured person whose lower abdomen was missing.

The doctor shook his head helplessly.

The corner of Captain Feng Xuanbiao’s mouth curled up, revealing a smile that was uglier than crying. “If you have any wishes other than the contents of the will, tell me immediately. I’ll definitely complete it for you!”

Before the two injured people could say anything, Xu Tui had already pounced in front of the injured person called Cao Zhi. He immediately took out a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and let him drink it.

“Drink it!”

“What are you doing!”

“Stop!”

“You bastard!”

Furious roars and the sound of a gun releasing its safety instantly filled the air. Some angry comrades aimed their guns at the back of Xu Tui’s head.

Yan Lie, who was standing beside Xu Tui, was stunned. He did not understand what Xu Tui wanted to do.

“I’m saving someone. Don’t disturb me!”

The other warriors were a little confused by Xu Tui’s voice. However, as the regiment commander, Feng Xuanbiao understood. Xu Tui’s previous actions had revealed his identity. He was from the Mystery Branch. The superpower of the Mystery Branch could really save people!

“Stop, move aside. If anyone dares to make a sound, I’ll shoot them first!”

Almost at the same time, Cao Zhi’s bleeding heart began to rapidly squirm and heal. The arteries in his lungs were also connected by an invisible hand and began to squirm.

“Do you have emergency blood? If you do, his chances of survival are higher! Give him an Energy Restoration Elixir. Hurry!” Xu Tui shouted.@@novelbin@@

“Implement it immediately!”

Without waiting for Captain Feng Xianbiao’s instructions, emergency blood and Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs were immediately poured into Cao Zhi’s mouth.

Cao Zhi let out an extremely high-pitched scream because of the rapid circulation of his life force. He fainted on the spot. However, the wound was healing at a visible speed.

“There’s no need to treat them all. Just treat him to save his life. Can you treat the ones here and let them recover? Let them have time to go to the base to receive treatment.” Commander Feng Yuanbiao was speaking to Xu Tui in an extremely weak voice. He no longer had the decisiveness he had before.

Xu Tui nodded.

A minute later, Cao Zhi’s body was still covered in terrifying injuries. However, the bleeding from the arteries, blood vessels, and heart had already recovered.

Xu Tui activated his mind power and landed on Tie Tou. Some of his comrades had already fed Tie Tou Energy Restoration Elixirs. However, Xu Tui had just sensed and materialized the original quantum frequency of Iron Head’s life. His entire body trembled. He was suddenly stunned.

Everyone was also stunned at this moment.

Tie Tou was no longer breathing. It wasn’t the heart that had stopped. Instead, his gaze was gone.

Captain Feng Xuanbiao grimaced and gently stepped forward to close Tie Tou’s eyes.

In just an instant, Captain Feng Xuanbiao turned around like a whirlwind and gave the latest order. “Send Cao Zhi to the Mars base for treatment with the sky aircraft immediately. Can he hold on?”

The second sentence was directed at the doctor.

“I think so.” The doctor hesitated.

“How do I address you?”

“Xu Tui!”

“Please escort him for ten minutes.”

“No problem.”

“The words of thanks are all nonsense. The brothers will remember you. Xu Tui, right? My name is Feng Xuanbiao! If you’re still at the base when I return, I’ll treat you to a drink!”

With that, Feng Xuanbiao quickly turned around and began to deal with military matters. He gave out military orders. The surrounding soldiers also began to carry out new military orders. They reloaded their energy ammunition and searched for surrounding energy information. They had the corpses of their comrades by their side.

A minute later, Xu Tui, Yan Lie, and the injured Cao Zhi squeezed into the aerospace vehicle. With a roar, the sky aircraft took off from the ground and flew toward the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

“Is the casualty rate always like this?” Xu Tui started chatting with the driver along the way.

“It’s the same before and after the energy tide every year! However, the casualties in this battle are considered light. With your help, at least three to five fewer people will die.

Thank you!”

“It’s my duty…”

…

On the way, Xu Tui roughly knew that this was a routine sweep by the field troops before the annual energy tide. It was to reduce the pressure on the base during the energy tide.

For various reasons, such as age, talent, and the members of the garrison, less than 5% of the members had activated genetic base points related to oxygen power. The older a person was, the harder it was to activate oxygen-powered genetic base points. Actually, it was not just the oxygen-powered genetic base points. All genetic base points were harder to activate as one got older.

Before one’s cultivation broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, the golden age to activate genetic base points was actually five years after being injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

Moreover, talent was also very important.

Students who came for the Extraterrestrial Research could activate their oxygen-powered genetic base points quickly because they were really geniuses. The top geniuses of the Blue Star!

Most of the soldiers were naturally inferior when it came to this. Even after a long-term or even a year or two of adaptive training, they could only activate one or two oxygen-powered genetic base points. They could not meet the survival standards of Mars. They had to go through special combat uniforms to engage in field battles.

In a field battle, once their combat uniforms shattered, the harsh environment of Mars would become very fatal to them.

He also roughly knew how powerful the Mechanical Spirits were under the energy tide. This was because once the energy tide began, elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race would descend on Mars through the Quantum Portal to participate in the battle.

At that time, the battle was even more intense!

The energy tide would probably start in ten hours.

The sky aircraft was extremely fast. They arrived at the Mars base of the Huaya Sector in just ten minutes. From afar, the Mars base could be said to be a huge circular battle fortress, especially the periphery. It was filled with all kinds of heavy weapons. There were huge craters outside the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Most of them looked very old.

The injured were picked up by a professional medical team. Xu Tui and Yan Lie quickly entered the base after they were verified and accompanied by soldiers. After entering the base, Xu Tui threw the backpack containing the Mechanical Alloy and the other spoils of war to Yan Lie.

“Deal with them all!”

“Where are you going?”

“Sleep! I need eight hours of sleep before my mind power can completely recover. Take care of everything. We’ll set off in eight hours,” Xu Tui said.

Whether it was the battle just now or the short period of time he used to save people, it had consumed a large amount of his mind power. He had to sleep to recover his mind power before he could recover his combat strength and create a battle record.

Mars actual combat!

Before this, Xu Tui’s focus on actual combat on Mars was contribution points, spoils of war, and rewards for fighting for the Prodigy List.

But now, Xu Tui’s attitude has changed. He had to do something! He was not going to be a hero. He is still going to obtain contribution points, loot, and fight for the Prodigy List. However, he’s also going to kill the enemy!

Kill the enemy!