Chapter 466 - Saving People And Mindset (1)

Chapter 466: Saving People and Mindset (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“This is a battlefield. Be careful not to be covered by gunfire!”

Yan Lie was a little confused when he saw Xu Tui charge toward the battlefield. However, in the next moment, Yan Lie understood Xu Tui’s intentions.

Xu Tui had not become hot-blooded after seeing the scene just now. Instead, he participated in the battle very rationally. He only wanted to do his best!

Xu Tui circled to the right of the battlefield. They were four to five hundred meters away from the firepower blockade and the wave of low-level mechanical spirit beasts. One could see that he was a human from Blue Star at this distance, so he should not be covered by gunfire.

However, Xu Tui was rapidly approaching the wave of low-level mechanical spirit beasts from the side. Yan Lie, who had already understood Xu Tui’s intentions, quickly chased after Xu Tui like a wisp of smoke.

On such a battlefield, Yan Lie, an Extreme Branch, was actually helpless. However, Xu Tui might affect the outcome of the battle. In that case, it was very obvious why he, Yan Lie, needed to participate in the battle.

He had to protect Xu Tui! He protected Xu Tui from the attacks of the scattered low-level mechanical spirit beasts.

In just a few seconds, the distance between Xu Tui and the Mechanical Spirit Beast on his left had shortened by 300 meters.@@novelbin@@

At this moment, Yan Lie had just caught up to Xu Tui. Yan Lie had thought that Xu Tui would continue forward. However, it was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly slowed down.

Three hundred meters away, a small mountain with a diameter of 12 meters suddenly materialized. Then, as if someone had pressed on it, it slammed into the ground.

Boom!

On the ground, the low-level Mechanical Spirits within a 12-meter radius were immediately cleared. Their limbs dug into the ground and fled. At least 50 low-level Mechanical Spirits were shattered by this attack.

However, in just a second, the 12-meter radius that had just been cleared by Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula was filled up by the Mechanical Spirits. The scarlet wave of Mechanical Spirits was like flowing water, wave after wave.

Xu Tui walked forward confidently, using the Mountain Formula one after another. Each strike was faster than the last! With every step he took, a small mountain slammed down, causing the ground to cave in.

There was no need for accuracy or tactics. As long as the Mountain Formula continued to suppress them, four to five mechanical spirit beasts would be smashed to pieces with every strike.

Under the continuous attacks of more than a dozen Mountain Formulas, the momentum of the scarlet mechanical spirit beast wave slowed down. The firepower blockade that had been repeatedly broken through just now became stable.

It was only at this moment that Yan Lie and Xu Tui saw that behind the firepower blockade, there were emergency special combat team members fighting the mechanical spirit beasts that had broken through the blockade.

Yan Lie also pounced out at this moment. More than ten low-level mechanical spirit beasts pounced toward Xu Tui.

After smashing the Mountain Formula 35 times in a row, coupled with the firepower blockade, the surface area of the low-level mechanical spirit beasts decreased by nearly a third. The pressure on the combat troops was greatly reduced. They began to outflank and cover the enemy with firepower.

Xu Tui slowly approached the battlefield. The Mountain Formula began to condense but was not used. The 35 moves of the Mountain Formula had consumed 70% of Xu Tui’s mind power. There was less than 30% left.

Xu Tui had hot blood. But he could not be stupid!

Next, Xu Tui only cooperated with the combat troops to outflank them. He occasionally used the Mountain Formula to maintain more than 20% of his mind power. The fewer these low-level mechanical spirit beasts there were, the less of an impact it would have on the combat troops.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood why the Moon base had sent them to the Mars battlefield in advance, and in such a scattered state. Actually, it was to eliminate the scattered low-level Mechanical Spirits and the Fission Race and reduce the impact of the extraterrestrial poison after the energy tide began.

Twenty minutes later, the firepower gradually died down. Almost 10,000 low-level mechanical spirit beasts had been wiped out. However, because they were completely wiped out, 90% of the low-level mechanical spirit beasts fused into the ground and fled.

When the energy tide arrived, these mechanical spirit beasts would gather again because of the energy accumulation.

Despite that, such a clearing was not useless.

After the energy tide arrived, the low-level mechanical spirit beasts that had just gathered due to the abundance of energy did not have strong attack power. It could not even tear through the extraterrestrial combat uniform with its claws. At the same time, the resurrection of these scattered low-level mechanical spirit beasts was also a way to weaken the energy tide.

The combat troops began to be on guard in an orderly manner. They cleaned up the battlefield, treated their comrades, and cleaned up their corpses.

A soldier with the rank of lieutenant walked toward Xu Tui.

“Hello, our division is the second regiment of the third division of the Tiger Regiment in the Huaxia Sector. Our division leader invites you!”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie nodded at the same time. When they followed the lieutenant over, the lieutenant said softly, “Thank you!”

Yan Lie did not say anything.

Xu Tui responded softly, “It’s our duty.”

The commander of the second regiment of the third division of the Tiger Regiment stationed at the Mars base was called Feng Xuanbiao. He was a burly man with a very dark face. When he saw Xu Tui and Yan Lie being brought over, he gestured for them to wait a moment. He continuously gave all kinds of orders.

“Commander, in the battle just now, we lost four people in battle, 29 people with light injuries, eight people with serious injuries. I’m afraid among the eight of the seriously injured, two are…” A major whose combat uniform was covered in blood reported.

“Can’t you save them?”

“We can save him, but we have to send him back to the base. This place is 420 kilometers away from the base. It will take at least 10 minutes to transport him with the sky aircraft we have. Their injuries probably won’t last more than five minutes.”

Feng Xuanbiao was silent. There was no sadness or joy on his dark face. He straightened his military uniform and adjusted his military buckle. Feng Xuanbiao walked towards the temporary casualty treatment position.