Chapter 462 - National Mission And Rules

Chapter 462: National Mission and Rules

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Ten minutes!

Xu Tui only used ten minutes to complete the sensing of the original quantum frequency of the Mars mountain and the original quantum frequency of the Mars water. Although there was no surface water, there was still a little moisture in the thin air.

However, this also meant that on Mars, water-type superpowers would be weakened to a certain extent, and earth-type superpowers would be enhanced to a certain extent.

Compared to Xu Tui, who had superpowers from the School of General Senses, this impact was even greater. The power of the water puppet would be greatly reduced. The power of the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula would not be affected.

At this moment, Xu Tui somewhat understood why the Mountain Formula was recommended as the number one cultivation subject in the School of General Senses.

The Mountain Formula was the most applicable and had the least restrictions.

It had to be said that An Xiaoxue’s suggestion to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on mental perception was very correct. If mutating other genetic ability chains, such as the mental whip, it would only increase the power of this ability.

However, after the mutation of his mental perception, Xu Tui’s improvement was all-rounded. It even had a certain uniqueness and was irreplaceable.

Like now.

Before he came to the extra-terrestrial, Qu Qingshan emphasized on the resensition of the original quantum frequency and gave Xu Tui a few time ranges. The first time range was the resensition of the Moon’s original quantum frequency. It might take 12 to 24 hours. It was very accurate.

The second time range was the time to sense Mars’s original quantum, which was half an hour to an hour. However, Xu Tui only used ten minutes to sense the time.

Why was it so fast? This was because there was an additional variable that Qu Qingshan did not know about.

Xu Tui’s mental perception increased again. It even mutated.

These ten minutes were not to be underestimated. The direct consequence of this enhancement was that the time he took to sense the relevant original quantum frequency of another celestial body might be reduced to less than two minutes, or even less.

Other than that, the surprises brought about by his mental perception were even more than the mutated mental whip. His perception penetrated the full-frequency energy testing device and realized that it was a conscious thing.

If he was not worried about the danger, Xu Tui would have found time to sense the full-frequency energy detector on his wrist. He wanted to see if this thing had any consciousness. If this full-frequency detector had consciousness, the consequences would be too terrifying!

Of course, the most important gain was what he saw when he was traveling through the Quantum Portal just now.

Xu Tui had not been able to react in time after his perception penetrated it. He had seen too many things and were too complicated.

Now, Xu Tui came to his senses. What he saw might be the form of the Quantum Portal, or a certain structure of the Quantum Portal, or the running state of the Quantum Portal. However, no matter what it was, he was certain that he might have seen something more fundamental of the Quantum Portal with his penetrating perception.

However, the time was too short. He had unintentionally gained too little.

When he returned, Xu Tui would sense the Quantum Portal again with a purpose. He might be able to gain a lot.

Xu Tui looked forward to the day he returned.

“Done?” Yan Lie suddenly asked when he saw Xu Tui stand up.

Xu Tui spread his mind power. An earth spike suddenly rose 90 meters away.

Yan Lie froze the moment the spike rose. On the spike was a one-meter-long scorpion-like fiery red creature. At this moment, it was skewered by the earth spikes and was struggling violently.

“Is your combat distance far enough? This is a Fission Scorpion. It’s also a valuable spoil of war. I’ll deal with it.”

Just as Yan Lie finished speaking, the Fission Scorpion that was skewered suddenly split into two. A new one appeared and drilled into the ground at lightning speed.

Xu Tui’s expression did not change. He waved his hand slightly and another spike appeared.

Another fission. Another spike.

It fissioned five times in a row, and Xu Tui skewered five times in a row. The scorpion that was fissioned was only the size of an egg now. It was clearly much weaker.

Yan Lie, who had just arrived, turned around and looked at Xu Tui with a strange expression. Why did Xu Tui look more and more like the nemesis of the Fission Race? This earth spike felt a little godly on the Mars battlefield.

Xu Tui had a thought as he looked at the six scorpions of different sizes. He once again activated the full-frequency energy detector to sense them.

Seven spots of light.

There are two lights that have two bars lit up, which correspond to the Genetic Mutation Realm. It should belong to Yan Lie and the Fission Scorpion that was skewered at the beginning.

There are four that had only one bar lit up. The full-frequency energy detector did not detect any energy reactions from the latest fission scorpion, which was the size of an egg.

“Their stomach and back armors are very useful materials. However, they are useless after being fissioned more than twice. But you have to kill them in one shot. Shatter their energy cores directly, which were actually their hearts. Otherwise, if they managed to escape, they would be able to recover more than 80% of their strength in less than three days under the recent Mars energy tide and injure others again.

“Moreover, although it was easy to deal with one, once they gather, it will definitely be fatal!” Yan Lie said as he cleaned up.

Xu Tui nodded, indicating that he understood.

“What do you think we should do next?” Xu Tui took the initiative to ask.

After all, Yan Lie was experienced. He had to discuss more about the direction of his actions.

Yan Lie was not in a hurry to answer Xu Tui. Instead, he stared at Xu Tui and asked, “Did you receive any special missions?”

“Special mission?” Xu Tui shook his head. “No.”

“I thought that since you’re the number one prodigy, you might have a special mission. It looks like not for the time being. Then you should be the same as the first-year students. It’s just an ordinary clearing mission,” Yan Lie said.

“Yes, the assessment requirement was to kill one of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race and return alive. I will receive a good rating for killing three members of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race and returning alive…”

Yan Lie stopped Xu Tui with his hand. “I know about this. In theory, you have already completed your basic mission goal. However, I still have a national mission that I have to complete. The rewards are very generous. Do you want to join me?”

“National mission?” Xu Tui was stunned. “They gave you a mission?”

“The second-year and third-year students should have it. You first-year students focus on survival training.”

“What mission is it?”

“The first mission is to get closer to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. During the upcoming Mars energy tide and the eruption of the Mars energy tide, and try to eliminate the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race.

“If we discover a large number of Mechanical Spirits moving toward the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, look for an opportunity to report it or even snipe them!” Yan Lie said.

Mars Energy Tide. This was also the reason why extraterrestrial research was set for January every year.

Every January, Mars would experience an energy tide. During the energy tide eruption, the remaining Mechanical Spirits and Fission Race would advance towards the Origin Energy Points.

During the energy tide explosion, a large number of extraterrestrial invaders would land on Mars through other Quantum Portals. The first goal of Mars’s actual combat was to protect the five Mars bases that had been established and defended and reduce the defense pressure of the five Mars bases. Naturally, the most important defense area of the forces of the various sectors was naturally the base of the alliance.

“There’s a second mission?” Xu Tui clearly understood something.

“The second mission is to find an opportunity to kill the extraterrestrial elites who descended during the Mars Energy Tide. In particular, stop them from approaching the new Origin Energy Points.”

“Is there anything else?”

“There are only these two missions on the surface. As the battle progresses, other missions might be issued. Or the Genetic Evolution Realm teachers or instructors who entered here in advance will choose an opportunity to give special missions,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he heard that. “Yan Lie, do you know the location of the teachers who entered here in advance?”

“Your teacher came too? Not now. Maybe in the next few days, if your teacher confirms and reports her location during the two hours when she can establish contact with Phobos. We could also take advantage of that time to ask Phobos. You might be able to obtain your teacher’s position after the transit communication. This would take at least three to four days. However, don’t expect too much. Mars was huge. Perhaps you are very far away.”

Xu Tui nodded. There were too many uncertainties on the Mars battlefield.

“Our preferred route is to follow the recommended route given by the instructor and approach the Mars base of the Huaya Sector located in Area 15. Of course, we have to determine which area of Mars we are in within half a day.”

“Is this the route to the first national mission and the clearing mission of our freshmen? You won’t take this route, right?” Xu Tui looked at Yan Lie and slowly smiled. He already understood Yan Lie’s intentions.

“Of course, if it’s this route, I won’t take the initiative to team up with you. I want to kill the extraterrestrial elites. Unfortunately, although I met them the previous few times, I was alone. Those guys were very powerful. I can’t kill them,” Yan Lie said.

“Not once?”

“I only succeeded once last year, but I also paid a huge price. I almost stayed on Mars forever,” Yan Lie said.

“What about this year?” Xu Tui asked.

“Do you dare?”

“What do you think?”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie laughed at the same time.

“I think we’re in a good state. We can discuss our operations normally. I’ll try my best to cooperate with you during the battle. Or rather, I’ll try to trust you deeply.”

“I think so too.”@@novelbin@@

“Then I’ll lead the way. I know a few spots that are the landing points of the extraterrestrial elites who descended from the Quantum Portal. I think I might have discovered some patterns of the landing point of the Quantum Portal,” Yan Lie said.

“The landing point pattern of the Quantum Portal?”

A look of surprise appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. The Moon base had been researching this for a long time, but they had not found a pattern to the landing point.

“Yes, you’ll know when we get there.”