Chapter 468 - Specific Training Ground, Energy Tide Begins

Chapter 468: Specific Training Ground, Energy Tide Begins

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Not long after Xu Tui entered the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, a pitch-black hall suddenly lit up. All kinds of screens, light projections, and flickering data streams instantly made the entire hall look like a galaxy. In less than a minute, the flickering data flow on the various screens disappeared. A string of characters began to jump out of the middle screen.

“After searching, we discovered that Long-term Observation Number 37 has entered Mars. The progress conditions have been met. Number 1, please confirm if you want to activate a specific trial field.

“After searching, we discovered that Long-term Observation Number 37 has entered Mars. The progress conditions have been met. Number 1, please confirm if you want to activate a specific trial field.”

…

“There has been no reply from Number 1 for a long time. Initiating predetermined procedures.”

“The contingency plan is about to be activated…”

…

…

After nearly eight hours of sleep, Xu Tui, who had less than 20% of his mind power, returned to his peak state. A hot bath washed away the fatigue, nervousness, and even sadness of entering the Mars battlefield.

Xu Tui actually blamed himself for not being able to save the warrior called Tie Tou. He knew very well that he could not save Tie Tou from his injuries. However, he was also wondering if he could save Tie Tou if he was stronger, faster, and had better healing abilities.

His mood and thoughts were very conflicted.

However, after a hot bath, there were only four words left in Xu Tui’s mind. This was a battlefield!

Mars battlefield!

“I’m awake. When are we leaving?” Xu Tui sent a message to Yan Lie.

This time, he had expended his mind power to less than 20%. This made Xu Tui realize the importance of teammates. People could travel alone, be it in the Mystery Branch or the Extreme Branch. However, comparatively speaking, it was more difficult for the Mystery Branch to travel alone. They needed more preparation and support, especially on the battlefield.

“Go and eat something. We’ll set off in half an hour. When we leave the base, we’ll have to eat compressed military grain pills.” Yan Lie replied to Xu Tui.

Just as Yan Lie had said, the Huaya Sector’s Mars base had a very good attitude towards students like them who could fight independently. This was because every genetic newcomer who could fight on Mars without relying on the Mars combat uniform was very precious. It is especially so for the Mystery Branch.

As food was provided 24 hours a day during wartime, Xu Tui quickly ate hot food. Xu Tui almost swallowed his tongue when he ate the braised pork and potatoes.

Damn it, this was Mars! This was the Mars battlefield! He was too happy to be able to eat braised pork and stewed potatoes. Moreover, it was the kind that had more meat than potatoes.

“The food at the Huaya Sector’s Mars base is not bad.” Feng Xianbiao, the commander of the second regiment of the third division of the Tiger Regiment in the Huaxia Sector, sat opposite Xu Tui.

It was obvious that he had just rushed back. His face was covered in sweat and dust.

“Is your clearing mission over?” After asking the question, Xu Tui realized that this question might have gone overboard. It involved a military mission. He wanted to explain immediately, but he did not expect Feng Xianbiao to answer directly.

“The energy tide on Mars has already begun. Our clearing mission is over. We have to return. Next, our combat goal is to defend the base and have a clear understanding of the enemies that can’t be covered by long-range firepower. Don’t worry, this is not a military secret,” Feng Xuanbiao added when he saw through Xu Tui’s thoughts.

After saying that, Feng Xuanbiao took out another document. “The key video and role of your participation in the battle, as well as the help you provided us, including saving people. The staff officers of our regiment have confirmed that you are about to be reported to the extraterrestrial command center of the Moon base. They will determine your military contributions. It should be quite a lot.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He did not expect him to have military contributions.

Feng Xuanbiao thought that Xu Tui was puzzled about something. He quickly added, “Don’t worry! No one in the extra-terrestrial dares to touch military contributions! This is an absolute red line!”

“How’s Cao Zhi?” Xu Tui asked about the injured.

“He has already completed the surgery. He will be able to participate in the battle again seven days later! He is also a veteran who has been injured.” After he finished speaking, Feng Xuanbiao looked at Xu Tui and asked, “Do you have any plans to graduate early?”

“Graduate early?”

“I’m short of a regimental staff officer here. A deputy battalion commander is fine too. You can choose if you want to come!”

Xu Tui understood what Feng Xuanbiao meant. He had taken a fancy to his combat strength.

“I don’t have any plans to graduate early.”

“Then you can consider our Tiger Regiment after you graduate,” Feng Xuanbiao said.

“Okay.”

“Alright then. The military situation is urgent. The energy tide has already begun. Our troops have to hurry up and rest and prepare to participate in the battle at any time. I won’t waste my breath with you. But I still have to thank you.”

“It’s my duty!” Xu Tui waved his hand indifferently.

“This is my military communication frequency and my personal communication method. If you have any problems, you can contact me directly. In addition, I know that third-year students like you are very powerful. However, you have to be extremely careful when facing extraterrestrial elites. They were equally powerful. Of course, the more extraterrestrial elites you kill, the less pressure our base will face!”

“Thank you!”

Feng Xuanbiao had misunderstood him as a third-year student. Xu Tui did not explain. There was no need to explain.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, who had a big stomach, arrived at the landing area of the sky aircraft under the lead of a guard. The sky aircraft that Yan Lie had obtained after he mortgaged 50 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy was an aerospace planetary vehicle.

It was commonly known as the small version of the sky aircraft. Compared to the larger version of the sky aircraft, it had fewer passengers and was only limited to three people. It had less load and was more focused on patrolling the planet. They had the ability to fly away from Mars or even travel in the universe. However, they were more inclined to fight on the planet.

The maximum flying speed on the planet was Mach 4 (about 5,000 kilometers per hour), and the cruising speed was Mach 2.5. The aircraft was 16 meters long, 4.2 meters tall, weighed six tons in air, and had a maximum takeoff weight of 10 tons. It used a fusion energy generator and could fly for more than a month.

Xu Tui’s first reaction when he saw this thing was, “Do you know how to use it?”

“You can drive it with a special flying license. In terms of driving, as long as it doesn’t rush out of Mars, this thing is easier to drive than a repulsive force flying car. This was Mars! Exceeding the speed limit is not a crime!” Yan Lie made a rare joke. He patted the small version of the sky aircraft and said, “Get familiar with it first. We have to ensure that both of us can drive it.”

“Okay!

Just as Yan Lie had said, it was much easier to drive this thing than the repulsive force flying car. The few weapons it carried were also fully automatic. It was indeed very easy.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui piloted the small version of the sky aircraft. After the control panel let him pass, he flew out of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

Xu Tui frowned slightly the moment he flew out of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base. There was a sense of chaos from all directions.

Xu Tui, who had activated his mental perception, felt as if he had been hit by countless energies.

“Lower your altitude and contract your mental perception!” Yan Lie naturally understood the reason. He also knew how terrifying the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception was. Therefore, he immediately reminded Xu Tui when he saw the abnormality.

“So far, we haven’t figured out what’s going on with the energy tide on Mars! But we’ve also figured out a little pattern.

“For example, the higher the altitude of the energy tide on Mars, the more chaotic the energy tide would be. This was especially so for some existences with very powerful energy in their bodies. They could not appear during the energy tide.

“Once it appears, it will trigger an energy tide storm that will tear him and the people or things around him into pieces!” Yan Lie explained.

“Such as?”

“Powerhouses above the Genetic Transmutation Realm. This is also the fundamental reason why the Mars battlefield uses newcomers at the Genetic Mutation Realm and the Genetic Evolution Realm as the main force,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui nodded. He descended and took the initiative to shrink the range of his mental perception. He immediately felt much better. Then, he tried to release his mental perception for a short period of time. He could be considered to have adapted slightly.

“Shall we go to the energy fluctuation point that you discovered previously?” Xu Tui took the initiative to ask.

“Yes, we’ll go and guard there! In the early stages of the energy tide, we might not be able to encounter the extraterrestrial elites if we wander around. After all, there are not many extraterrestrial elites who have descended.

“However, if we stayed there, we would be able to encounter two to three extraterrestrial elites even if we were unlucky. If we could kill it, our contribution points would be extraordinary! I can guarantee that if you kill one, even if it’s a solo party, your contribution points will still enter the top 100 of the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings. If you killed three, you would be in the top ten.

“Of course, it refers to your first-year Prodigy Combat Team Rankings,” Yan Lie added.

It felt good to travel in the sky aircraft. It was countless times better than the previous two legs. Moreover, even if there were any more seizures, the sky aircraft could still carry a portion of them. They did not encounter any students on the way out of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie frowned at the same time after they left the Huaya Sector’s Mars base. Below the sky aircraft, a large red wave was moving. That was a low-level mechanical spirit beast. Looking at the red waves, there were at least a few thousand of them.

Judging from the direction of the movement, it should be in the direction of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

The information gathered by the sky aircraft had to be sent to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector through the military channel on the sky aircraft. Xu Tui and Yan Lie turned their bodies at the same time. The moment they looked at each other, the sky aircraft that Xu Tui was driving spun rapidly.

“There might be elites of the extraterrestrial invaders!” Xu Tui and Yan Lie said at the same time.

The energy tide had just begun. These mechanical spirit beasts that had just woken up should instinctively search for various energy auras to recover and strengthen themselves. Previously, Feng Xuanbiao and the others had attracted a large number of low-level mechanical spirit beasts through a special energy fluctuation to eliminate them first.

At this moment, the energy tide had just begun when a group of low-level Mechanical Spirits planned to move towards the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. There was a high chance that there were elites of the extraterrestrial invaders commanding them.

“Why don’t we follow them over to take a look?” Yan Lie was eager to try.

“We’ll act according to the situation!”

“Okay!

“You drive it. I can also fight in the sky aircraft!”@@novelbin@@

“Okay!