Chapter 461 - Useless Teammates And Great Capture (2)

Chapter 461: Useless Teammates and Great Capture (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

That thing was much stronger than the public model he was wearing now.

Yan Lie had once come to the Mars battlefield to obtain the Mechanical Spirit Alloy. The Mechanical Spirit Alloy Battle Armor was very important to Yan Lie. However, his gains had been reduced by two-thirds from today’s opening.

Three kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy became one kilogram. He had to split it with Xu Tui.

It was simply…

Yan Lie felt that it might be a mistake for him to choose to cooperate with the number one prodigy.

Just as Yan Lie was about to flare up, Xu Tui’s voice suddenly rang out.

“This… Is there a way to quickly restrain them? Although my mind power can trap them, their struggles are very powerful. My mind power is a little depleted!”

Yan Lie followed Xu Tui’s voice and looked over. Then, he was stunned!@@novelbin@@

Damn!

Yan Lie lost his voice again. This time, he lost his voice because of the Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

On the ground, more than 40 limbs of different forms were bound by an invisible force field. The 41 mechanical limbs were like fish trapped in a transparent fish tank. They charged left and right, constantly changing their forms.

Some of the mechanical limbs even turned into drills, but they could not break through this invisible force field.

After being stunned for a moment, Yan Lie became anxious. This harvest! It was simply…

He did not care about the piece of Mechanical Spirit Alloy that he had obtained with all his might and threw it away. Then, he took out a tightly woven bag made of special materials from his backpack as quickly as he could and rushed in front of Xu Tui.

“This electrostatic field shield bag is specially used to store this thing. Open a hole in the mind power binding field and let them run in by themselves!”

“Alright.”

At that moment, Xu Tui’s mind power cooperated with Yan Lie and opened up a hole in the binding field that his mind power had materialized. The Mechanical Spirit Alloys fled like crazy and entered the electrostatic field shield bag.

After they entered, there was no movement. It was stable. They had walked into a trap! It seemed that this thing did not have much intelligence after being shattered. It was very likely that escaping to the ground was an instinct.

However, something awkward happened.

It could not fit!

In less than 30 appendages, Yan Lie’s electrostatic field shield bag was filled. Yan Lie looked up at Xu Tui with a surprised expression.

“This… You should have brought it too, right? This electrostatic field shield bag is one of the standard equipment.”

“I did.”

“Then I’ll help you retrieve it?”

“No need.”

Xu Tui used his mind power to restrain the remaining limbs of the Mechanical Spirit while he found the electrostatic field shield bag that he had been given from his backpack.

Yan Lie watched as Xu Tui easily retrieved his bag. His expression changed drastically. Just how powerful was Xu Tui’s mind power? This strength did not only refer to the number of mind power, but also the strength of mind power.

Yan Lie is from the Supernatural Branch, he could not be distracted if he used their mind power to do something. Once he was distracted, it would affect the output of his mind power.

Xu Tui could even be distracted while trapping so many limbs of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Yan Lie had seen his supernatural-type classmates use their mind power to trap the limbs of the Mechanical Spirit.

He had seen students trapped 15 Mechanical Spirit appendages at the same time. However, after the Mechanical Spirit’s limbs were trapped, its instinct to escape was extremely strong. Many students’ mind power could not withstand it.

He could trap one or two of them. But they would definitely break through in three seconds after trapping ten of them at the same time.

But now, it has been six to seven seconds, right? Xu Tui still looked relaxed.

Ten seconds later, more than half of the electrostatic field shield bag that was distributed to Xu Tui was filled by the limbs of the 17 Mechanical Spirits. Then, it was sealed.

Yan Lie weighed the two bags. The weight made Yan Lie’s expression turn strange. These two bags of Mechanical Spirit Alloy weighed more than 40 kilograms. He could get half. Which would mean 20 kilograms!

Including the Mechanical Spirit Alloy that he had accumulated in the previous three times and spending some contribution points to exchange for two to three kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy, the custom-made Mechanical Spirit Alloy combat uniform that he had accumulated for almost three years would be settled.

This harvest…

Yan Lie was a little confused.

“This… Yan Lie, I’m sorry. The Mechanical Spirit Race is too scattered. I only had time to trap these 43 pieces of Mechanical Spirit Alloy just now.”

Since they were forming a team to work together, Xu Tui felt that it was better to be more sincere and humble. Such a large Mechanical Spirit Beast was broken down into a few hundred pieces of Mechanical Spirit Alloy. In the end, only 43 pieces were left. He felt that it was too little.

Xu Tui felt that he should take the initiative to apologize for the sake of unity and trust.

Yan Lie: “…”

“Are you serious?” Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui and was a little speechless. He had not even had the time to be happy about such a huge harvest, yet Xu Tui was pretending to be him again?

“I don’t know about your previous seizure status. Just tell me what I did wrong and I’ll change it! I’m a very humble person.”

Xu Tui was very sincere. That was because he had just realized that forming a team was quite useful. He was not talking about seizures. It was purely based on Xu Tui’s identity as a member of the Mystery Branch.

Other than the flying sword and the mental whip, Xu Tui’s strongest superpower was the ability of the School of General Senses. Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, Earth Perception, Water Puppet, and so on.

However, Xu Tui’s School of General Senses abilities had all become ineffective after he arrived on Mars. He could not use them for the time being. If he wanted to use it, he would still need to spend some time sensing the original quantum frequency on Mars before he could use the Mountain Formula and Stab Formula again.

According to Qu Qingshan’s prediction, it might take Xu Tui half an hour to an hour to sense the original quantum frequency of Mars.

Xu Tui’s safety would become a problem during this period of time. If he used his flying sword while he was sensing, he might not be able to sense it accurately. Even if he could, his reaction would definitely be very slow.

At this moment, the role of a teammate was revealed. Moreover, the best way for the Mystery Branch to recover their mind power was through deep sleep. Xu Tui felt more at ease when he had a teammate on night duty. It was also because of these thoughts that he lowered his posture at this moment.

He felt that it would be much easier for the Mystery Branch to have a powerful teammate on the Mars battlefield.

Xu Tui’s explanation made Yan Lie understand. He might really not know the state of his previous seizures. so this was not an act in front of him.

“When I came to the Mars battlefield last year, my goal was to seize the Mechanical Spirit Alloy. After fighting bitterly for more than 20 days, I finally gained 11 pieces, which was a little more than 12 kilograms. The rewards you obtained from your first attack have exceeded the total rewards I obtained last year! Not bad!”

Yan Lie was very certain. At that moment, he felt that his decision to find Xu Tui as a teammate was extremely wise. He had found the right teammate! Now, what he had to consider was how to cooperate with this teammate. He did want to accidentally become a useless teammate in Xu Tui’s eyes.

“Haha, in that case, I’m still very powerful!” Xu Tui smiled proudly and made a request. “Some of my abilities need to be adapted to the Mars battlefield. It will take about half an hour to an hour. I need you to help me stand guard for a while.”

“No problem!” Yan Lie agreed readily!