Chapter 463 - Sky Aircraft And Participation In The Battle (

Chapter 463: Sky Aircraft and Participation in the Battle (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“There’s another Mechanical Spirit behind the sand dune at eight o’clock. It’s 120 meters away from you.”

Xu Tui’s voice made Yan Lie instantly jump out like a leopard. After arriving on Mars, Yan Lie’s speed became extremely shocking. It reached a shocking speed of 100 meters in two seconds.

Fifteen seconds later, a double-horned mechanical spirit beast was killed by Yan Lie. It instantly disintegrated into hundreds of limb fragments and drilled into the ground. Neither Xu Tui nor Yan Lie were moved when they saw this scene. They also had a helpless expression.

It was full! The electrostatic field shield bags distributed to them by the Moon base were all full.

The standard electrostatic field shield bag in the Moon base had a capacity of 30 kilograms for the Mechanical Spirit Alloy. There was a reason why they were only equipped with such a large electrostatic field shield.

The first reason was that under most circumstances, no student could fill the electrostatic field shield bag. It was already a huge gain for a first-year student to be able to seize 10 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

The second reason was—heavy load!

Once the load was overloaded, it would severely affect the students’ survivability, including their speed and oxygen consumption. After all, the student’s backpack had already exceeded 20 kilograms. An additional 30 kilograms of weight was the upper limit. Once they seize too much, many students might lose their lives out of greed.@@novelbin@@

In the past, in actual combat on Mars, there would occasionally be students from the Mystery Branch who filled up their electrostatic field shield bags. The additional load was still 30 kilograms.

However, they had a flexible solution.

For example, he could distribute a portion to his teammates. He could let his teammates or other teams that had gained less carry a portion. But that kind of situation usually happened at the later stages of Mars’ actual combat.

It was not like now, where they had only entered the Mars battlefield for less than a day, and Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s loads were full. Therefore, they could only watch as the Mechanical Spirit Alloy limbs fused into the ground.

They had no other choice. Even if Xu Tui and Yan Lie were given another electrostatic field shield, the two of them would not dare to seize it. Being greedy for too many spoils of war would really kill them.

The development of Xu Tui’s oxygen-powered genetic base points was very high. Yan Lie was in his third year, and the development of his oxygen-powered genetic base points was also very high. Currently, it was not too much of a burden to carry 50 kilograms forward on Mars.

But what about the other students?

The other first-year students, if they carried a weight of 50 kilograms, they might fall into a state of lack of oxygen if they continued to walk with a heavy load for a day without the enemy attacking them. It would trigger all kinds of negative physical states and they would die in a harsh environment.

“Yan Lie, the energy fluctuation point you discovered is indeed not bad. Before the energy tide, those Mechanical Spirits and Fission Race would indeed subconsciously approach the energy fluctuation point.

“If we guard here, we can continuously kill the revived Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race. But, sigh, the spoils of war. We could only watch as the spoils of war slipped away and we could not get them. This feeling is really…” Xu Tui said.

The landing point rule of the Quantum Portal that Yan Lie mentioned was actually an energy fluctuation point. There were a few energy fluctuation points on the entire Mars. These energy fluctuation points had the most violent reaction when an energy tide occurred on Mars. However, it was extremely difficult to discover them before the tide happened.

Currently, the point that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were guarding was an energy fluctuation point.

If Yan Lie had not brought Xu Tui over, Xu Tui would not have been able to notice the abnormal movements here even if he had activated his mental perception. Only by continuously sensing this place with his mental perception for more than three minutes could he discover this energy fluctuation point.

Currently, the energy at this point fluctuates once every three minutes.

According to Yan Lie, they do not need to run around and just guard here, the low-level Mechanical Spirits and the Fission Race would take the initiative to come and kill them. It could save them a lot of physical strength and supplies.

After the energy tide began, not only would a large number of Mechanical Spirits and Fission Clan gather here, but there would also be elites of extraterrestrial invaders who would land nearby from time to time through the Quantum Portal.

Yan Lie and Xu Tui were waiting for the elites of the extraterrestrial invasion. The value of killing one was equivalent to killing hundreds of low-level Mechanical Spirits and Fission Races. However, before the energy tide began, their loot was already full.

Yan Lie let out a cold laugh at Xu Tui when he heard that. “So your heart aches too. I thought you didn’t.”

“How could my heart not ache? So many spoils of war have slipped away. My heart is aching like hell! According to what you said, at least a custom-made Mechanical Spirit Alloy combat uniform has slipped away!”

Xu Tui felt his heart ache when he said that. In half a day, he had killed at least three low-level Mechanical Spirits and two Fission Clan members. With his cooperation with Yan Lie, he had definitely let a custom-made Mechanical Alloy combat uniform slip away.

“I thought that you were a tycoon and had obtained enough spoils, so I didn’t tell you about this matter that is troublesome and risky,” Yan Lie said.

“Is it related to the seizure?”

“Yes!”

“Tell me about it.”

“There are three ways for us to capture and bring them back. The first is to carry them until we return to the Moon base through the Quantum Portal.

“The second was that if the spoils were full in advance and the battle was not over, we could return to the vicinity of the Quantum Portal and deliver the spoils.

“However, that would be a huge problem. The Quantum Portal that leads to our Moon base is a little far. Furthermore, the location will be uncertain after it returns. There will be even more variables during the energy tide,” Yan Lie said.