Chapter 470 - Mars Is So Big, How Can We Chase It? (2)

Chapter 470: Mars Is So Big, How Can We Chase It? (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

He could confirm that the two people leading the way were humans.

The question was—what exactly was going on? Escape? Pursued by a low-level Mechanical Spirit army? Or…

The unknown possibility made Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s expressions turn ugly. If that was the case, it would be too infuriating!

Xu Tui and Yan Lie immediately reported to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Only the sky aircraft could contact the base. Otherwise, it would be a big problem.

“I am Feng Xianbiao, the commander of the second regiment of the Tiger Regiment, third division, stationed at the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. I am now in charge of the outer defense of the base. Now, in order to confirm the intentions of the two humans you discovered, I need your cooperation.”

“Commander Feng, please speak.”

“Xu Tui?”

Feng Xuanbiao, who was on the other side of the communication channel, was slightly stunned, but that was all.

“Shout or use the aircraft’s weapons to carry out a warning attack. Then, report their situation,” Feng Xianbiao said.

“Understood!” Xu Tui looked at Yan Lie. “Why don’t you shout first? If there’s no response, we’ll carry out a warning attack with the onboard weapon.”

“Yes, this onboard weapon is quite expensive. I can’t use it recklessly.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. Yan Lie’s thoughts were similar to his. Of course, the most important thing was not to disrupt the running rhythm of the two humans. If they attack with the onboard weapons, they might be drowned by the low-level mechanical spirit beasts on the spot.

“The two Blue Star humans below, please state your identities and intentions immediately. If you need help, please turn to your left first. Otherwise, we will attack you as a threat!”

“Repeat: The two Blue Star humans below, please state your identities and intentions immediately. If you need help, please turn to your left first. Otherwise, we will attack you as a threat!”

Less than 15 seconds after the shout, the two humans began to turn to the left. Xu Tui and Yan Lie heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, it was not the situation that they were most unwilling to see. However, a strange situation happened.

They turned. The four to five thousand low-level mechanical spirit beasts behind them also turned around. All of them turned, not just a part of them.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie immediately sent the image back to the base. Almost at the same time, Feng Xuanbiao’s voice sounded in the military channel.

“Attack immediately. Attack with all your ammunition. We must block their intentions.”

There was no need for Feng Xuanbiao to explain. Xu Tui and Yan Lie already understood that this was probably the worst-case scenario that they did not want to see. Someone had deliberately directed the wave of low-level mechanical spirit beasts to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. His motive was unknown!

However, such behavior might bring great trouble and casualties to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

This low-level Mechanical Spirit Wave had a certain gathering function. The scattered low-level Mechanical Spirits would join the waves in the areas they passed. As the energy tide gradually increased, they would become a great threat when they reached the vicinity of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

They could defend the base. However, the casualties…

The scene of the soldier he encountered yesterday dying in battle appeared in Xu Tui’s mind again.

Anger appeared in Yan Lie and Xu Tui’s eyes at the same time.

In the next moment, even without Xu Tui saying anything, Yan Lie immediately drove the sky aircraft and chased after them. He first turned on the fire control system and the fire control radar began to lock onto the target.

At this moment, Feng Xuanbiao added, “The consumption of weapons this time will be counted as the base!”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not respond.@@novelbin@@

However, at the same time, the two figures who had turned around threw out something. The 4,000 to 5,000 low-level mechanical beasts that had been chasing after them in an orderly manner suddenly became chaotic.

It was a mess.

A ball of intense energy instantly erupted. The horned six-legged mechanical spirit beast closest to the ball of energy pounced forward and swallowed the ball of energy in one bite. At the same time, the other low-level mechanical spirit beasts that pounced over were shattered by this single-horn mechanical spirit beast.

The moment a large number of broken limbs fled to the ground, the horned six-limbed mechanical spirit beast that had swallowed the energy erupted with a violent energy light around its body. It was like a strong magnetic field that attracted the broken limbs of the mechanical spirit beast to its body.

In an instant, the aura of the horned mechanical spirit beast began to multiply. The horn quickly grew thicker and longer, and two small horns grew on its head. In an instant, it became a triangular mechanical spirit beast. The other low-level mechanical spirit beasts also lost their command and scattered.

The two red disguised figures instantly blended into the wave of Mechanical Spirit Beasts. The fire-control radar was interfered with and could not lock onto it for a moment.

At this moment, the triangular mechanical spirit beast that had completed its evolution looked up at the sky. Its huge energy eyes were filled with coldness. In the next moment, the tail of the triangular mechanical spirit beast that had just completed its enhancement threw out a beam of light that blasted over at lightning speed.

Two of the six limbs that had just evolved had also become two wings. It pounced over from the air.

“Oh, f*ck!”

Xu Tui’s mind power moved slightly as Yan Lie suddenly pulled up the sky aircraft. The sky aircraft shook violently. It was hit by the light released by the tail of the completed triangular mechanical spirit beast. The energy shield of the sky aircraft decreased by 10%.