Chapter 478 - Pump And Warning

Chapter 478: Pump and Warning

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The sudden explosion of Docari and the Genetic Evolution Realm expert immediately reminded Xu Tui of the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip.

The fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip immediately reminded Xu Tui of the mastermind, Li Jin.

Was the mastermind, Li Jin, causing trouble? Xu Tui was a little suspicious. It was not impossible! In the previous incidents, it was shown that the vice-chairman of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, Li Jin, had close ties with the India Genetic Committee.

At the same time, the Sing-Malaysia Sector was divided into the Huaya Sector. Just like the Yamato Sector and the Korean Star Sector, it was not too peaceful and fought for various benefits with the Huaxia Sector. He had a motive for participation.

Of course, Xu Tui was only a little suspicious. Based on the current situation, this matter was very complicated.

Yan Lie searched but did not find anything valuable to prove his identity. Since it was their flesh sample, there was no professional equipment to collect it and conduct a full biological information test to track their identities.

Moreover, because of the energy tide and the harsh environment, human flesh and blood would be completely destroyed if they were exposed to the Mars environment for too long. There was no value in collecting flesh and blood.

The only gains he obtained were the video information about Docari and the situation during the battle just now.

After returning to the sky aircraft, Yan Lie explained the situation in detail to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector through the military channel of the sky aircraft and transmitted the relevant information.

“Thank you for your efforts. During the energy tide, please prioritize your safety. If you encounter extreme danger, please ask for help immediately.”

Feng Xuanbiao quickly ended the call.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie looked at each other. “What’s our next step? How are your injuries?” Xu Tui took the initiative to ask.

Although Xu Tui already had an idea, he had to show respect as a comrade and teammate. Only such a relationship could last.

“There are bone fractures and internal organs that have been injured. It’s a minor injury. The bone fractures are a little troublesome.” At this point, Yan Lie suddenly turned to look at Xu Tui.

“Why don’t you treat me?” Yan Lie suddenly remembered that Xu Tui knew how to treat people.

Suddenly, Yan Lie felt an inexplicable sense of satisfaction. It felt too good to have a teammate with explosive damage, explosive combat strength, and healing abilities.@@novelbin@@

“Are you sure?”

“Of course! The bone fracture still affected me a little.”

“Alright, drink one or two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs first, then relax.”

The advantage of the sky aircraft was that it allowed Xu Tui and Yan Lie to carry a large amount of supplies. They also brought a little more resources.

A minute later, Yan Lie, who had finished his Energy Restoration Elixir, looked at Xu Tui and said, “I’m ready. Come.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui shifted his focus and instantly materialized Yan Lie’s original quantum frequency.

Almost at the same time, Yan Lie’s expression changed drastically. His entire body was tense, and his legs were tightly clenched. He did not even dare to breathe. His expression became extremely strange and nervous.

A minute later, Yan Lie dared to relax slightly.

“You… You don’t have to… mess with me like this, right? This feeling is simply… too…” Yan Lie smiled bitterly. If he peed his pants because of Xu Tui, it would most likely become a psychological trauma for Yan Lie.

“Mess with you?” Xu Tui shook his head seriously. “I didn’t intend to do that. I just want you to adapt in advance. You’ll have to experience this every time you’re injured in the future. Three to five times would increase your endurance.

“In the future, if you get injured in battle again, I can treat you at the scene of the battle and let you recover your combat ability,” Xu Tui said.

“I see.” Yan Lie had a strange expression. Xu Tui’s explanation made sense. It made sense. However, why did he feel like he had been tricked by Xu Tui?

However, the treatment effect was really good. In a minute, his bone fracture had completely recovered. Not only had his bones recovered, but his internal injuries had also mostly recovered. It could be said that Yan Lie’s combat strength had basically recovered.

“What about you? How’s the consumption of your mind power? Do you want to find a quiet place to recover your mind power?”

Mind power was extremely important to the Mystery Branch. Without mind power, the combat strength of the Mystery Branch would basically be crippled.

“I don’t need it for the time being. I still have more than 60% of my mind power.”

“Then let’s go to the energy fluctuation point from before and hunt?”

“Alright! You drive. I’ll take the time to recover some mind power. Call me if anything happens.”

“Alright.”

The recovery of mind power had always been a difficult problem for the Mystery Branch. The fastest way to recover mind power has always been sleep, followed by medicine.

For example, Amine Stimulants with different effects would have the best recovery effect during a state of emergency. The Energy Restoration Elixir could also recover mind power, but the recovery was extremely limited.

Other than that, a short rest with his eyes closed or a light sleep could also recover his mind power. However, the recovery effect was also very limited.

For some time, Xu Tui had tried various experiments and attempts to recover his mind power. However, he had not gained anything useful. Of course, he also gained something.

For example, meditation. In a meditative state, Xu Tui’s mind power would also slowly recover. However, at the same time, it was much slower than deep sleep. It was slightly better than closing his eyes to rest and sleep.

Unfortunately, so far, no one has developed a way to quickly recover mind power.

Xu Tui’s only advantage was that he could enter a deep sleep at any time while he was meditating. The others could not enter a deep sleep just because they wanted to. It also took time to enter a deep sleep.

Just as Xu Tui and Yan Lie were rushing to the designated energy fluctuation point, an emergency meeting was held in a large conference room in the Moon base.

A portion of the participants were the higher-ups of the Genetic Committee stationed in the extra-terrestrial. A portion of them were the commanders of the Mars base who were participating through virtual projection technology.

This meeting was urgently initiated by the commander of the Huaya Mars Base, Gai Sheng. There were many people participating. The meeting was chaired by the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in-chief of the extraterrestrial moon base, Raymont.

Currently, the commanders of the Blue Star’s five major bases on Mars had all attended the meeting.

At the start of the meeting, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in-chief of the extraterrestrial moon base, Raymont, played a few videos.

The video had been processed.

The first thing that was played was naturally the video of Docari and his companion leading the waves of the Mechanical Spirits towards the Huaya Mars base. Then, it was the video of them escaping after Xu Tui and Yan Lie turned around and discovered them.

After that, there were photos of his accent and appearance.

The last segment displayed the scene of the heads of Docari and the Genetic Evolution Realm reinforcement exploding. There were also relevant details.

There was also Yan Lie’s description of the relevant incident.

Of course, during the broadcast of all the videos, they had specially processed Yan Lie and Xu Tui’s voices.

“Everyone, what do you think of this matter?”

As soon as Raymont finished speaking, everyone present at the meeting, whether they were real people or virtual projections, turned their gazes to Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee.

Nilab was the first person-in-charge of all matters in the extra-terrestrial of the India Sector.

In the incident of leading the Mechanical Spirit Army to attack the Huaya Base, Docari was the only person whose identity could be confirmed—the person from the India Sector.

Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, did not change his expression at this gaze.

“Why are you all looking at me? I believe that with the intelligence of everyone present, you won’t think that this matter was done by our India Sector just because of a person’s ethnicity, right?

“There are many people from the India Sector who serve in different sectors and are loyal to them. They even directly joined other sectors. There were such situations in the Africa Sector. There were even more in the American Sector. There were many in the European Sector, right? There were not many in the Russian Federation, but there were some, right?

“Therefore, there’s no need for you to look at me! If you really want to pursue this, you should ask the American Sector and the European Sector first, right? According to the discoveries of the two students from the Huaxia Sector, the Genetic Evolution Realm expert whose head had exploded was the reinforcement called over by Docari.

“In other words, he was the superior of Docari. Although the identity of this Genetic Evolution Realm expert was unknown, from the looks of his skin color, he should be from the European Sector or the American Sector.

“If that’s the case, the real mastermind should be from the American Sector and the European Sector, right?” Nilab spread his hands and smiled at the people from the American Sector and the European Sector. “Of course, I didn’t mean to target you. I’m just stating the facts.”

The deputy director of the American Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, also laughed. “There are many people of Indian and American descent in the Huaya Sector, right?” He curled his lips as he laughed. “I don’t understand why Commander Gai Sheng initiated this emergency meeting. Was it so that we could argue? However, I felt that before we argued, Commander Gai Sheng should announce the specific situation of this battle! I strongly suspect that these two students could not capture a Genetic Evolution Realm expert alive without any damage!”

“Maiponeo, don’t always use your shameless intentions to measure the intentions of others!” The hot-tempered commander of the Huaya Mars Base, Gai Sheng, directly attacked the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo. “It was the two of you who had ulterior motives from the beginning! Suspicion of the purpose of my emergency meeting?

“Could you please use the pump to pump the water out of your heads for three minutes before questioning? Everyone could tell that this matter could not be determined by ethnicity. Yet, you guys started arguing first!

“This is a warning! I called this emergency meeting to give a warning to the commanders of the five bases and the people in charge of the various sectors! Let me remind you that if someone wants to cause trouble, they should not find the person responsible through words!”

Gai Sheng’s spit almost landed on Maiponeo’s face. However, it was not over.

Gai Sheng, who was in the meeting room, slowly stood up. He looked at everyone and said again, “What I said was that someone is going to cause trouble. The target might be any of the five existing Mars bases. As for the mastermind, it might be the traitor spokesperson of the extraterrestrial invaders and the rest of the humans. It might also be done by a few organizations represented by the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

“Of course, some of you here are also suspects!”

Gai Sheng’s words made Maiponeo lose a little face. Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, had a gloomy expression.

Clap! Clap! Clap!

At the same time, the deputy director of the Russian Federation Genetic Committee, Plesian, took the lead in clapping. In an instant, the applause became enthusiastic.

“We have received Commander Gai’s warning. It can be seen that once the conspiracy succeeds, any of the five Mars bases might face immense danger! So what kind of response and counterattack should we make to such a conspiracy?” After the applause, Plesian took over. The discussion became lively again.

As for the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in-chief of the extraterrestrial moon base, Raymont, other than the first few words, he basically watched the entire meeting without saying a word.

He was both silent and watching! That was because such a meeting would not have any substantial effect other than spewing more saliva.