Chapter 477 - Another Chip, Another Failure And Target Success

Chapter 477: Another Chip, Another Failure and Target Success

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Docari had actually asked for help. At this moment, Xu Tui was a little conflicted. In his subconscious memory, Xu Tui could continue to observe as a bystander as long as he maintained the state of spiritual radiation. He should be able to see some important information.

However, this fellow had asked for help. That was where the problem was.

How many reinforcements were there? How strong were the reinforcements? When could they rush over? These questions were very important, but he knew nothing about them.

Xu Tui made a decision after weighing the pros and cons for a moment. He had to retreat! There was too little information about reinforcements. So he had to retreat first. This was a real battlefield!

The moment he made his decision, Xu Tui severed his spiritual connection with Docari.

Although Yan Lie was an Extreme Branch, he also had the ability to sense energy fields. He was also a dual cultivator of the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch. He, who was on guard at the side, immediately noticed Xu Tui’s abnormality.

“It’s over. Did you gain anything?” Yan Lie asked.

“Basically not.” Xu Tui shook his head. “His name is Docari, but I realized that he had called for reinforcements before we came or when we were chasing after him.”

“Reinforcements? How many were there? How strong? When will they arrive?” Yan Lie asked three key questions in a row.

“I’m not sure. I only know that there might be reinforcements!”

Yan Lie immediately understood why Xu Tui’s expression was so solemn. On the battlefield, the factors that could be determined were not too dangerous. The most dangerous factors were the uncertainties.

Two to three Genetic Mutation Realm experts were reinforcements. One Genetic Evolution Realm expert was also reinforcement. Two to three Genetic Evolution Realm experts were also reinforcements.

However, it would be extremely dangerous for Xu Tui and Yan Lie if two or three Genetic Evolution Realm experts came.

“Your opinion?”

“For safety reasons, let’s retreat first. Send this survivor back to the base and hand him over to the base for interrogation,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!

Yan Lie’s response was extremely decisive. Almost at the same time, the sky aircraft that had risen above 300 meters instantly decreased in altitude. Xu Tui also removed the joints in Docari’s limbs and jaw as quickly as he could. Then, he pulled out the handle of the tactical dagger at his waist and hit the back of his head a few times.

Docari, who had just woken up, instantly fainted. Then, Xu Tui accurately cut a vein in Docari’s arm and neck. Blood gushed out before Xu Tui stopped moving.

Coma and bloodletting were one of the emergency methods to control genetic newcomers with superpowers without equipment. It was mainly because Xu Tui and the others had never thought of capturing genetic newcomers with superpowers alive.

The enemies on the Mars battlefield were all extraterrestrial invaders. Even if they might have a conflict with individual humans and kill them, they had never thought of capturing him alive.

Capturing and controlling a genetic newcomer with extremely strong mind power required professional mind power shielding equipment. Otherwise, if he woke up silently, his superpower could be activated through his mind power. If he did not control it, it would be like a human-shaped bomb!

Blood was extremely important to humans. Continuous bleeding would not only greatly reduce the various states of physical fitness and blood, but it would also greatly reduce mind power. These were all proven through experiments.

Thirty seconds later, the sky aircraft began to hover five meters above the ground. Yan Lie jumped off the sky aircraft.

“I’ll do it!”

Yan Lie had just bent down and carried the unconscious and bleeding Docari.

Xu Tui’s expression suddenly changed. Someone was here. Someone had barged into the range of his mental perception. It was like a cannonball!

“Be careful, there are enemies!”@@novelbin@@

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui gave Yan Lie a warning, a fist shadow slammed into the bottom of the sky aircraft with a stream of light. The moment the energy field exploded, the sky aircraft was sent flying dozens of meters away. The alarms of the instruments kept ringing.

“F*ck, another punch and it’ll be useless!” Yan Lie exclaimed and threw away Docari. He instantly disappeared.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s mental perception once again captured the location of the intruder. At the same time, the saber light and Yan Lie’s figure flashed.

Yan Lie, who had blocked the intruder, was sent flying by the punch. Blood gushed out of his mouth. However, the moment he flew backward, Yan Lie’s figure disappeared again.

The person who came was extremely burly. He looked at the unconscious Docari and then at Xu Tui. He did not care about Xu Tui at all. A strange energy field fluctuation spread out and he began to search for the direction where Yan Lie was hiding.

Clearly, he was treating Yan Lie as the first threat. Xu Tui, a student from the Mystery Branch, had been ignored.

Xu Tui was a little depressed. It seemed that he was using Yan Lie as the main force and Xu Tui as a support.

“Are you from the India Sector?” Xu Tui asked the burly reinforcement when he was chasing after Yan Lie. The reinforcement only stared at Xu Tui and ignored him. However, he had still underestimated Yan Lie. Or rather, it was only at this moment that Xu Tui saw Yan Lie’s true abilities.

This burly reinforcement had astonishing combat strength. The full-frequency energy detector showed that this person had three bars of energy.

Genetic Evolver! He was definitely an expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm! This person wanted to deal with Yan Lie first. However, in the next 30 seconds, Yan Lie was like a ghost as he continuously flickered and disappeared. This person did not even manage to touch his clothes.

The genetic evolver was stunned for a moment. A sinister look appeared at the corner of his eyes as he punched the sky aircraft again. That was Xu Tui’s weakness. It was also Yan Lie’s savior!

The energy protection shield of the sky aircraft was relatively slow to recover. More than half of its energy shield had been destroyed by his punch just now. With this punch, the sky aircraft would definitely be destroyed.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie acted at the same time. However, Yan Lie was faster than Xu Tui’s flying sword. He threw out dense saber shadows but was sent flying and he vomited blood again.

“Yan Lie, who asked you to risk your life?” Xu Tui had a helpless expression. Yan Lie had risked his life to protect the sky aircraft.

Yan Lie, who had just vomited blood from the explosion, smiled bitterly. “If this thing was shattered, not only can we not afford it, but we also don’t have any means of escape. We will definitely die!”

“Who said that it would be destroyed? It’s impossible for it to be destroyed!” Xu Tui was helpless.

Yan Lie was stunned. The burly Genetic Evolution Realm expert looked at Xu Tui’s words. A sinister look appeared at the corner of his eyes.

But the expression of the burly Genetic Evolution Realm expert suddenly changed. He pushed his hands forward and was about to unleash his energy field in a special way to block the mental attack.

However, it was too late! The moment he sensed a strong mental fluctuation, a mental hammer the size of a pineapple slammed into the back of his head.

Boom!

The burly Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator’s mind trembled violently. The damage of this hammer was even more ferocious than hitting the back of his head dozens of times with a real hammer. It might even surpass it!

An indescribable shock and pain appeared. It felt as if an electric drill had spun inside his head. The world spun on the spot and he fell backward.

“Oh, f*ck!” Yan Lie let out a strange cry when he saw Xu Tui defeat the Genetic Evolution Realm expert in one strike. However, he did not stop moving. He pounced forward like lightning and dislocated the man’s joints at an extremely fast speed. He even inserted a few small blades into the main joints. It was useless even if he could use his energy field to reset his joints.

Yan Lie heaved a sigh of relief after he was done. He looked at Xu Tui with a resentful gaze. Why didn’t he say so earlier that he could take this guy down in one move? If he had known that Xu Tui could take down a guy at the Genetic Evolution Realm in one move, Yan Lie would not have risked his life.

He had vomited blood for nothing!

As for being shocked? It was just a little. Xu Tui had shocked him too much over the past few days. He was no longer surprised.

Of course, Xu Tui would not say that this thing needed three seconds to prepare. In the next moment, Yan Lie pulled off the face shield of this guy’s combat uniform and frowned.

“He’s not from the India Sector. Judging from his appearance, he should be from the American Sector or the European Sector!” After saying that, Yan Lie added, “Of course, there are also people from the American Sector or the European Sector in the India Sector.”

“In that case, there are also people from the India Sector in the American Sector or the European Sector.” Xu Tui sighed slightly. “This way, this matter will be complicated.”

“Forget it. Hand these two captives over to the base as soon as possible. Anything else is beyond our abilities,” Yan Lie decided.

“Alright! In case anything happens again, we’ll leave immediately and return to the base!”

The moment Xu Tui made his decision, his expression suddenly changed. The strange fluctuation from before appeared again.

“Retreat! Be careful!” Xu Tui shouted.

Yan Lie was stunned and could not react. In the next moment, there was a loud bang. The unconscious Docari’s head exploded like a watermelon on the spot.

Yan Lie was stunned! Looking at the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator in front of him, he said with a trembling voice, “Could he be…”

It was also at this moment that the Genetic Evolution Realm expert who had been knocked out by Xu Tui’s 20% mind power woke up. He seemed to have noticed something unusual and roared in fear. “No, I can do it! I can!”

“Retreat. Collect the face immediately…” At the same time, Xu Tui also began to collect information about this person’s face.

It took a certain amount of time to cultivate to the Genetic Evolution Realm. There would more or less be all kinds of records. This information was very useful.

The moment Xu Tui raised his communication device to collect information about this guy’s face, there was a bang. Blood splattered everywhere. Yan Lie, who had just taken a few steps back, had his head and face splattered. He was stunned.

Xu Tui’s expression became extremely ugly. The fifth-generation brainwave control sorcerer chip! It’s this thing again!

This time, Xu Tui was really confused. He had determined that the India Sector, which had always had a bad character, was causing trouble when he captured Docari alive.

However, this person, who might be a genetic evolver from the American Sector and the European Sector, as well as the fifth-generation sorcerer brainwave radiation control chip appeared.

Suddenly, this matter became confusing.

At the same time, Yan Lie, who had a mixed expression on his face, and Xu Tui’s thoughtful expression appeared on the big screen in a multi-person virtual meeting room.

“Mission No. 5 failed. The reinforcement was captured and the termination procedure was activated. It looks like this mission is going to fail. The target can’t be achieved!” The virtual projection of the bald man in the virtual reality meeting room said.

“People say that bald people are smart! You’re bald, but you’re not extremely smart.” Another virtual projection with a pair of sunglasses on his face sounded.

“Who said that we failed! It succeeded!” In the virtual reality meeting room, the virtual projection man sitting at the head of the table suddenly said in a low voice.

“Right? Mission No. 5 failed, but in reality, our goal has been achieved, right?” The man in sunglasses clapped. “That’s right. Old Baldy, your thoughts are not in accordance with us.”

The bald old man’s profile picture trembled slightly. He spread his hands and said, “I was just taking the initiative to be clumsy in order to show off Boss and your wisdom. Since we’ve achieved our goal, should we continue with the plan?”

“Follow the plan and watch the show!” The man in sunglasses said.