Chapter 473 - The Attempt Of The Spiritual Magnetic Marker (2)

Chapter 473: The Attempt of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

There was no need for Xu Tui to say anything. Yan Lie immediately piloted the sky aircraft and followed behind. Furthermore, they were even closer. Without the tail, the threat of the floating mechanical spirit beast to the sky aircraft was greatly reduced.

Soon, the escaping flying mechanical spirit beast entered the range of Xu Tui’s accurate perception. He spread out his mental perception and immediately found the energy core of the floating mechanical spirit beast. He would be able to destroy it with one strike!

However, Xu Tui had a thought before he destroyed its energy core. Would the mental whip be effective against the Mechanical Spirit?

He had to try!

In the next moment, a 2% mental whip lashed out. The flying mechanical spirit beast only swayed slightly in its flying posture and did not have any other reaction. The effect was unknown.

Three seconds later, a mental hammer that Xu Tui had injected 20% of his mind power into flew out and landed heavily on the escaping floating mechanical spirit beast. The mechanical spirit beast staggered and fell. However, it only fell less than a hundred meters before it recovered.

He retracted his mental hammer.

Xu Tui already had a basic judgment. Mind power attacks were also effective against floating mechanical spirit beasts, but they were not strong. In any case, an ordinary Genetic Evolution Realm expert would not have recovered so quickly after being hit by Xu Tui.

He could not confirm that the floating mechanical spirit beast had a mental consciousness. However, Xu Tui had a clearer understanding of how to use the mental hammer in actual combat.

After the mental hammer was retracted, the mind power that was injected could indeed be retracted, but not all of it. Some of it was still used up.

For example, less than 1% of his mind power had dissipated when the hammer was struck just now. When it was retracted into his body, another 1% of his mind power had dissipated. The consumption of his mind power was close to 2%. It was acceptable.

However, it still gave Xu Tui a nervous feeling. At this level, mind power could not be consumed at a high frequency for a long time. Xu Tui felt that he had to mutate the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain as soon as possible after this Mars battle to greatly increase his mind power.

“Can you kill it? If you can, think of a way to leave behind some of the Mechanical Spirit Alloy. The Mechanical Spirit Alloy on this floating mechanical spirit beast is a Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy. It is one level higher than ordinary Mechanical Spirit Alloy,” Yan Lie reminded.

To be honest, it was not easy to capture this thing in the air. Even if Xu Tui managed to trap a portion of it with his mind power, the restrictions of the terrain in the air and so on would definitely consume a lot of his mind power when he put it into the electrostatic field shield bag.

However, for the current Xu Tui, the battle had just begun. He had to use his mind power sparingly.

“Yes, try to get as close as possible. I’ll think of something.”

In the next moment, four more flying swords flew out and began to circle above the floating mechanical spirit beast. The floating mechanical spirit beast seemed to have realized something. It swooped down and stabbed into the ground.

Whoosh!

The silver light that had been accumulating power flashed past and directly pierced through the core of the floating mechanical spirit beast.

Xu Tui’s flying sword could unleash 51 bars of energy damage even without the Spiral Force. It was very easy to deal with this floating mechanical spirit beast that had been strengthened in a hurry. The moment the energy core was pierced through, the body of the floating mechanical spirit beast exploded into hundreds of silver lights and darted to the ground.

Xu Tui activated his mind power the moment the sound of the flying sword pierced through the air.

At that moment, Yan Lie could only sense Xu Tui’s mind power constantly fluctuating. He did not know what Xu Tui had done.

A second later, Xu Tui’s five flying swords returned. Every flying sword had skewered a limb of the flying mechanical spirit beast in different sizes. Even though these severed limbs were skewered by the flying sword, they were still struggling violently. They changed their forms and wanted to break free.@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie immediately used the electrostatic field shield bag to pack up the five Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys. His face was also filled with joy! He had gained a lot.

Most of the Mechanical Spirit Alloys they had seized previously were actually relatively low-grade Level E Mechanical Spirit Alloys. There were even Level F Mechanical Spirit Alloys. The value of this kilogram of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy was at least ten times that of Level E Mechanical Spirit Alloy. It was much better.

The five pieces of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy that Xu Tui had obtained from his flying sword weighed more than seven to eight kilograms. They had earned back their gains this time. If it happened again or twice, even if the sky aircraft was destroyed, it wouldn’t be a loss!

Yan Lie, who had gained something, had a happy expression. However, Xu Tui frowned.

“What’s wrong? What did you find?” Yan Lie quickly asked.

“I used a little tracking method on the appendages of the floating mechanical spirit beast that was escaping toward the ground. I wanted to try it out. But it dispersed.”

“Tracking method?” Yan Lie shook his head. “It’s basically useless. Someone has already tried it before, be it the Mystery Branch’s superb tracking methods or technological tracking methods. As long as this thing entered the ground, it would be gone.

“However, we have contributed a lot this time! A flying mechanical spirit beast is equivalent to an extraterrestrial elite who can pass other Quantum Portals in the energy tide. Killing it is a contribution!”

Xu Tui nodded. When the floating mechanical spirit beast was escaping just now, he had found four limbs of the mechanical spirit beast and marked them with three Spiritual Magnetic Markers. He wanted to try tracking it and see where the limbs of the Mechanical Spirit Beast went after escaping into the ground of Mars.

However, the moment it entered its body, Xu Tui’s three Spiritual Magnetic Markers all dissipated and lost contact.

“What do we do now?” Yan Lie, who had finished sizing up the electrostatic field shield bag and dealing with the spoils of war, looked at Xu Tui. He seemed to be asking for instructions. In just a few days, the abilities that Xu Tui had displayed, be it in terms of strength or strategy, gradually obtained Yan Lie’s approval.

Xu Tui was the leader of this team that had just been formed.

“Fly in your ten o’clock direction. I feel that those two people are already a little far from me. However, they’re not too far away.”

“Okay!

Similarly, Xu Tui had placed a Spiritual Magnetic Marker when he noticed the two guys moving toward the Mars base of the Huaya Sector with the wave of Mechanical Spirit Beasts.

Xu Tui’s combat radius was as high as 335 meters. Otherwise, it would be impossible to trace them with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

“Turn to your 11 o’clock direction. The target should be constantly moving,” Xu Tui said.

The Spiritual Magnetic Marker was a tracking ability. Actually, it was to leave a mental mark on the other party’s body through spiritual resonance. The closer he got, the more accurate his senses became. The further the distance, the blurrier his senses became. Moreover, the Spiritual Magnetic Marker would slowly dissipate as time passed. He could only sense a general direction from more than a hundred kilometers away. However, there was usually no mistake.

The closer he got, the more accurate his perception of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker became.

“How threatening can the firepower of the sky aircraft be to genetic newcomers?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Yan Lie was more experienced in this aspect.

“The hit rate of the sky aircraft to an ordinary genetic newcomer with a reaction speed of 10 milliseconds within 200 meters is 60%! For genetic mutants who had undergone special training, the hit rate was only 40%. The accuracy of the sky aircraft towards genetic mutants who had undergone special training within 300 meters might only be about 20%. A distance of more than 300 meters was a complete waste of ammunition.

“Of course, powerful cannons or missiles with an energy damage range of more than 15 meters are different,” Yan Lie said.

“Then do our sky aircraft carry such missiles?” Xu Tui asked.

Hearing this, Yan Lie gritted his teeth. “That thing is too expensive. I didn’t dare to take it!”

“Alright, then prepare for battle. We should be catching up soon.”

Xu Tui could sense that the locations of the two Spiritual Magnetic Markers were getting closer and closer to them. Their locations were getting clearer.

In a valley, the ears of one of the two humans in red camouflage clothes who were flying at a low speed twitched slightly. He suddenly turned around and looked at the distant sky. His expression changed drastically the moment he saw the sky aircraft.

In the next moment, the two humans in red camouflage clothes suddenly accelerated and ran wildly.

They had to escape!