Chapter 475 - Control Method, Reinforcements (2)

Chapter 475: Control Method, Reinforcements (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

They had learned the language of Huaxia, but they could not change the language habits that were rooted in their bones. There were no problems with the answers on the exam papers, but these words could be heard differently.

It was a little like the dialect of the Huaxia Sector in the past. The Sichuan-style Huaxia language and the Beijing accent were both Huaxia languages, but the difference was too obvious when they opened their mouths.

At this moment, the two of them spoke in a dialect-like manner.

Although there was no exaggerated difference between Sichuan-style Huaxia language and Beijing accent, the characteristics were too obvious to the Huaxia students who had mastered Mandarin.

India Sector! The accent of the person who spoke was clearly that of the India Sector. Of course, this was just a judgment. An accent could also be disguised. Therefore, they still had to capture them alive.

“Why are you running? Also, why did you bring low-level Mechanical Spirit Beasts to the Huaya Sector?” Yan Lie asked.

“What are you talking about? We don’t quite understand! We don’t understand what you’re talking about at all! I want to complain to the moon base! I want you to be court-martialed!” The fire and earth-type superb individual roared angrily.

Xu Tui shook his head at Yan Lie when he saw this. “Why are we still talking nonsense with them? Capture them alive. Attack!”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. He stabbed out with his Earth Spike. The senses of earth-and fire-type supernatural being were extremely sharp. He suddenly jumped out and dodged the attack the moment Xu Tui activated his mind power.

Xu Tui’s Earth Spike had missed. This was the first time he had encountered someone who could dodge his Earth Spike. Of course, this was also related to the fact that Xu Tui’s previous opponents were all freshmen.

Following that, the Mountain Formula pressed down. Flames blasted out. Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula was shattered into pieces. At the same time, the spikes rose again. Due to the suppression of the Mountain Formula, he no longer had the chance to dodge the Earth Spikes.

With a step, the surging flames only blocked one of the earth spikes. Just as the other two earth spikes were about to pierce through the fire- and earth-type superb individual, a shocking energy wave suddenly surged out of the latter’s body.

It was exactly the same as the energy wave that had allowed the ordinary low-level mechanical spirit beast to advance to a floating mechanical spirit beast. However, this time, the energy waves were mainly impact energy waves.

The explosive impact energy wave shattered Xu Tui’s earth spike and instantly arrived in front of him. The moment the Vajra Barrier appeared, layers of cracks appeared. It almost shattered on the spot.

However, Xu Tui was also sent flying more than ten meters back by the impact of the energy wave. The fishy smell surged into his mouth, but he bled from the shock.

Xu Tui was not the only one. Yan Lie and the other person who was fighting also suffered a violent impact from the energy wave. His figure instantly turned into a semi-illusory state and dodged the impact.

However, Yan Lie, whose expression had changed drastically, immediately turned around to observe Xu Tui. He only felt a little relieved when he saw that Xu Tui was fine. The other disguised person was sent flying more than ten meters away by the energy shockwave. Blood spurted out of his mouth, and his chest caved in. He was about to die.@@novelbin@@

The moment he used this special energy shock wave to push Xu Tui back, the fire- and earth-type superb individual suddenly stood up and rushed into the distance. He had to escape!

Xu Tui’s gaze was cold. His mind power fluctuated violently. He pulled out the 4% mental whip!

Bang!

The fire-and earth-type superb individual who took the opportunity to escape staggered. Before he could stabilize himself, the earth spikes rose.

This fire and earth-type superb individual was also impressive. Under such circumstances, the Earth Shield and Fire Shield appeared at the same time and dodged Xu Tui’s Earth Spike. The moment the sound of air being torn apart rang out, the silver light had already shuttled back and forth three times.

The flying sword instantly pierced through the legs of the fire- and earth-type superb individual. The third sword pierced through his knee.

He had crippled a leg. He could not escape even if he wanted to. However, neither Xu Tui nor Yan Lie went overboard. He maintained a distance of 10 meters and raised the Vajra Barrier.

Yan Lie did not have the time to be surprised that Xu Tui had also dual cultivated his energy field. He was commanded by Xu Tui, “Look at that. Is he still breathing?”

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental perception was highly focused on the fire- and earth-type superb individual. He prepared his mental whip and earth spikes. He had to ensure that he could kill any abnormal movements immediately.

The energy wave shockwave that was strangely triggered just now shocked Xu Tui. He was really frightened. If he had been three to four meters closer just now, if he did not have the Vajra Barrier, he would probably end up like the other disguised person, with a large area of his chest caved in.

“He’s no longer breathing! There are no obvious items on his body that can prove his identity!”

Yan Lie did not approach the fire and earth-type superb individual when he returned. The energy shock wave just now still left him with a lingering fear.

Xu Tui, who had activated his mental perception, keenly noticed that when Yan Lie said that the other disguised person had stopped breathing, the fire and earth-type superb individual’s eyes revealed a relaxed expression.

Was he trying to silence him? Or did he have other thoughts?

At this moment, the fire and earth-type superb individual stared intently at Xu Tui and Yan Lie. His eyes were filled with madness. It gave Xu Tui and Yan Lie the feeling that he would risk his life. It was also because of this feeling that Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not dare to get too close to him.

The energy wave explosion was very terrifying! The closer he got, the greater the damage!