Chapter 474 - Control Method, Reinforcements (1)

Chapter 474: Control Method, Reinforcements (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

They could not escape.

In terms of speed, even a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would not be able to defeat a technological aircraft. Of course, if a sky aircraft dared to chase after the butt of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, it would basically be blown up. There was also a possibility that the aircraft might be blown up if it chased after a Genetic Evolution Realm expert.

However, as long as it maintained a certain distance, they could still catch up.

Therefore, Xu Tui immediately used the full-frequency energy detector to detect it. The two of them had two energy displays.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was a little speechless. This full-frequency energy detector was practical, but the range it gave was too large.

“I’ll try using the onboard weapon first.”

In the next moment, when the altitude decreased by 100 meters and the distance was close to 150 meters, Yan Lie directly used his onboard laser cannon.

The two fleeing humans reacted very quickly. They were able to dodge the dense bullets of the laser cannons. They had clearly undergone professional training. Under such circumstances, unless they used missiles with large-scale damage, they could only stop them on the sky aircraft.

Unfortunately, Yan Lie did not load it. He could not bear to use it even if he loaded it. This was also the reason why the sky aircraft could not become the main force on the Mars battlefield. It was extremely expensive to build it but it was easily destroyed. Its lethality was also extremely limited when facing Genetic Mutants or even Genetic Evolvers.

“Let’s fight directly. We can’t delay any longer. If we delay any longer, they might call for reinforcements. They might even lead us to a possible trap,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, how do we fight?”

“Try your best to match my speed. I’ll use my flying sword to stop them first, then capture them alive. One for each of us,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

According to Feng Xuanbiao, the base’s opinion was to try their best to capture these two people alive. Contribution points were calculated based on capturing and killing extraterrestrial elites. Most importantly, the meaning of capturing these two people alive was very important to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

This was especially so for the actions of these two people when they lured the spirit beasts toward the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. It was too dangerous. It was terrifying when they thought about it.

In the next moment, Yan Lie drove the sky aircraft and instantly approached the two people who were escaping.

Xu Tui’s flying sword also turned into a silver light and flew out. However, at this moment, the speed of one of the escaping disguises suddenly decreased. A large ball of fire erupted from his hands. Almost at the same time, the sky aircraft shook violently.

Flames exploded below the sky aircraft. The energy protective shield that the sky aircraft had just recovered instantly jumped by 40%. Good lord, these two or three attacks were enough to destroy the sky aircraft. These two people were definitely not ordinary genetic mutants.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s flying sword pierced through the thigh of another person. That person staggered and fell to the ground.

The expression of the fire-type supernatural being who had just attacked the sky aircraft changed drastically. Flames rose around his body, and an earth shield with flashing diamond patterns appeared in front of him.

A fire and earth-type superb individual!

The Earth Shield flashed and blocked Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Whoosh! Amidst a violent explosion, Xu Tui’s flying sword pierced through the Earth Shield and pierced through his leg again. The double-element supernatural being also fell to the ground. When he got up again, his expression had already become extremely ugly.

The power of this flying sword was too f*cking powerful!

He had also detected just now that the pursuer had two bars of energy, which corresponded to the Genetic Mutation Realm. However, was there such a powerful Genetic Mutant?

Yan Lie took advantage of this gap to switch to the remote-controlled automatic driving mode. At the same time, he jumped out of the sky aircraft with Xu Tui.

In comparison, Xu Tui’s image of jumping out of the aircraft was too suave. He stepped down from the air step by step, his clothes fluttering in the air.

Yan Lie pounced out of the sky aircraft. The moment he landed, he rolled a few times to reduce the buffer. Even though the sky aircraft had descended to a height of 50 meters and Yan Lie could jump at this height, he still needed to buffer himself. He instantly covered himself in dust.

The difference in image was a little huge.

The sky aircraft immediately rose to a height of 300 meters. It did not want to be destroyed.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie flanked the two disguised people. The two of them had a huge hole in their thighs and had lost the ability to run quickly. At this moment, they were leaning against each other and staring coldly at Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who were approaching them. Their faces were also covered by a special disguise.

“Students from the Huaxia Sector? Why did you attack us? Are you going to violate the rules of the Mars battlefield and attack humans to become traitors to humanity?” The fire- and earth-type superb individual shouted first.

He was playing the blame game! Xu Tui and Yan Lie looked at each other and saw the shock in each other’s eyes. However, they were not shocked that these two guys were going to accuse them. Instead, they recognized their identities.

Why did they say that? It was because of the accent.

Huaxia language was the common language on the entire Blue Star, including the Extra-terrestrial. It was the most important common language. For some reason, English, which used to be the mainstream, had to step aside. Countless foreigners were killed by the Huaxia Language Level 4 and 6 exams.

Then, another classic scene appeared.

There were American Huaxia, Indian Huaxia, European Huaxia, and so on. After all, be it the American Sector, India Sector, or the European Sector, they had their own language habits before they had no choice but to popularize the Huaxia language.