Chapter 472 - The Attempt Of The Spiritual

Chapter 472: The Attempt of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Fighting directly on the sky aircraft was not as simple as he had imagined.

Of course, Xu Tui had also considered this problem when he drove the repulsive-force flying car back to Jincheng Prefecture to fetch his parents. He only had such confidence now.

For example, the parallel speed of the flying sword and the sky aircraft. The relative speed of the sky aircraft and the enemy. The flying direction. The instantaneous distance and the variable distance.

Xu Tui’s flying sword would have been able to fly out of the sky very quickly since the sky aircraft’s speed was so fast. However, he would instantly lose contact with the flying sword as the distance between them widened. Especially in the opposite direction, the flying sword instantly lost contact with his mind power.

The importance of the Thousand Miles Sword Technique was also displayed here. If Xu Tui could establish the mind power entanglement state and master the so-called Heart Eye Sword Eye, the flying sword would not lose contact even if it was beyond the combat distance.

“Try your best to maintain your speed with the floating mechanical spirit beast. Otherwise, I will lose contact with the flying sword.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s main flying sword had already flown out of the sky aircraft and began to adjust its flying speed.

“How far do you need to fight?”

“It’s best to maintain a distance of about 150 meters from the floating mechanical spirit beast.”

“At 150 meters, our sky aircraft will enter the attack range of the floating mechanical spirit beast. You have to restrain it quickly. Otherwise, we can only maintain that distance for about five seconds.”

Yan Lie was very shocked by Xu Tui’s thoughts. There were Mystery Branch geniuses who had tried to fight on a sky aircraft before. After all, that would be too powerful. It was equivalent to giving the sky aircraft a human-shaped super firepower launcher. However, no one succeeded! Instead, it resulted in a few tragic deaths.

There was only one reason—combat distance!

Yan Lie would not have dared to cooperate with Xu Tui if he had not displayed his superb combat distance.

“Get ready. In three seconds, the parallel line distance with the floating mechanical spirit beast will reach 150 meters. Four seconds later, the flying speed of the sky aircraft will maintain the same speed as the floating mechanical spirit beast and maintain it for three to five seconds! You only had three to five seconds to fight! The energy armor of the sky aircraft won’t last long!”

“Understood!”

In order to remind Xu Tui, a countdown, distance, height, and relative target screen was projected in the cockpit of the sky aircraft.

Three seconds later, a loud sound rang out. Almost at the same time, the light in the sky aircraft flashed. In just a second, the sky aircraft had already been hit twice by the energy extracted from the tail of the floating mechanical spirit beast. The energy of the protective barrier decreased by 20%.

However, the silver light formed by Xu Tui’s flying sword also arrived in front of the floating mechanical spirit beast. The energy light in the eyes of the floating mechanical spirit beast exploded. An energy shield surged out and blocked the flying sword.

However, the energy shield did not block Xu Tui’s flying sword. Regardless of whether it sensed a threat or had combat intelligence, the floating mechanical spirit beast quickly reacted. While the energy shield blocked Xu Tui’s flying sword, the tail whipped toward Xu Tui’s flying sword at lightning speed.

Double Spiral Force!

Under the activation of the Double Spiral Force, Xu Tui’s flying sword suddenly took a sharp turn at a small angle. The moment it dodged the tail of the floating mechanical spirit beast, the sword light suddenly accelerated and slashed fiercely into the connection between the tail and its body.

The sword pierced through and blasted open a hole the size of an egg. The tail immediately hung limply, losing its ability to attack. It also lost the ability to threaten the sky aircraft.

There were detailed records of triangular floating mechanical spirit beasts in the Mars combat manual. This was not rare on the Mars battlefield, especially during the energy tide. The strongest and most agile attack of the triangular floating mechanical spirit beast was its tail. The tail and the horn on its head could both unleash long-range energy attacks, but only the tail could unleash ultra-long-range energy attacks.

One strike temporarily crippled the tail of the floating mechanical spirit beast. The energy eyes of the floating mechanical spirit beast flashed. A large amount of energy surged towards the entrance of the tail. It intended to repair it with energy in a short period of time.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not give it that chance.

The moment the energy in the body of the floating mechanical spirit beast surged towards the damaged tail, the flying sword quickly changed directions under the exquisite control of the Double Spiral Force. Its power did not decrease at all.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The flying sword pierced through three times in a row! Every time, he would pierce a huge hole through the same spot on the tail. The four holes were connected together, causing the tail of the floating mechanical spirit beast to lose its support. The weight of it broke the tail and fell. The falling tail flashed with red light and was thrown to the ground.

The huge energy eye of the floating mechanical spirit beast fluctuated for a moment. After letting out a furious roar, it suddenly turned around. It was actually escaping!

The flying mechanical spirit beast was actually afraid after Xu Tui broke its tail with four strikes. It had to be known that the low-level mechanical spirit beasts from before would not escape even if their energy cores were shattered. It seemed that after the low-level Mechanical Spirit was strengthened and advanced to become a floating mechanical spirit beast, its intelligence had increased.

Why did he say that?

This was because up until now, humans had yet to understand if the Mechanical Spirit Clan was a technological creation similar to computer artificial intelligence or if it had a mind of its own.