Chapter 476 - Control Method, Reinforcements (3)

Chapter 476: Control Method, Reinforcements (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

If this guy explode another time when he went three to four meters close, Xu Tui was not sure if the Vajra Barrier could withstand it.

If it were any other enemy, he would have exploded their heads from afar. However, this person’s value was a little special. He had to try his best since he could capture him alive.

“Yan Lie, control the sky aircraft and use the net to deal with him!”

“Okay! As Yan Lie responded, he immediately began to remotely control the sky aircraft. The fire-earth supernatural being could not help but look at the sky aircraft.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui activated his mind power. He pulled out a 10% mental whip. When the mental whip whipped him, the fire and earth-type superb individual was clearly in a daze. His gaze became unfocused. He suffered an obvious mental shock.

At the same time, Xu Tui had already activated his mind power magnetic field and used his abilities one after another.

Spiritual Concealment!

Spiritual resonance!

Spiritual radiation!

Advanced Hypnosis!

The four abilities were used in an orderly manner. He took advantage of the fact that the fire- and earth-type superb individual wanted to escape to create a mental illusion of his successful escape by using the Spiritual Concealment. It was very rushed.@@novelbin@@

Coupled with the fact that this fire and earth-type superb individual was extremely nervous, he could not last long. However, one or two seconds was enough.

During the Spiritual Concealment, the spiritual resonance quickly invaded with spiritual radiation. Just as the mind power of the fire- and earth-type superb individual had just recovered and his eyes had regained clarity, Xu Tui activated the advanced hypnosis!

He succeeded!

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. This was the first time he had tried to hypnotize an enemy during wartime. He succeeded the first time. Of course, this success was not simple.

The mental whip directly broke through his defense. Then, there was the influence of the Spiritual Concealment Illusion, followed by Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Radiation, and Advanced Hypnosis. Including the mind power magnetic field, Xu Tui had to use a total of six abilities to succeed.

There were not many people who had these six abilities at the same time.

“Help me stand guard. I’ll conduct a surprise interrogation,” Xu Tui asked.

“Your name!”

“Docari.”

“Are you from the India Sector?”

As soon as he asked this question, Xu Tui could sense that the hypnotized Docari’s mind was fluctuating violently. There were signs of him breaking free from the hypnosis. Clearly, he had undergone professional training.

“What’s your mission?” Xu Tui thought about it and asked another question.

The question seemed to have triggered Docari’s trained subconscious protection. His mind fluctuated violently.

Xu Tui could not help but curse inwardly. Two consecutive questions after the hypnosis caused this guy’s subconscious self-protection. It proved that this guy must have been professionally trained. It also meant that he could not ask anymore. If he continued to ask, he would be able to break free from Xu Tui’s advanced hypnosis as long as he activated his trained subconscious self-protection again.

With a thought, Xu Tui began to use his spiritual radiation to observe Docari’s subconscious memories as a bystander. Of course, this kind of viewing was extremely limited.

At this moment, Xu Tui could no longer guide him. He could only see the subconscious images that flashed through his mind. It was most likely a subconscious image that he had experienced recently.

The first thing Xu Tui saw was an extremely cautious scene.

Docari held an extremely small Origin Crystal in his hand. Suddenly, a hurricane rose and an energy wave erupted. This made Xu Tui immediately understand. Was the thing that caused the energy shock wave just now an Origin Crystal? Did he already have the technology to instantly trigger and control the energy explosion of the Origin Crystal?

Origin Crystal energy could be detonated. However, such a detonation could not be controlled during the current research process. Exploding an Origin Crystal often meant perishing with the enemy. However, he had grasped the method to control the energy explosion of the Origin Crystal.

At that moment, Xu Tui really wanted to see those memories. However, the subconscious image changed into an anxious cry.

“Sir, I’m in Area 12, mid-stream of the Molten Gold River. Hurry!”

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw this scene. However, he reacted in the next moment.

Reinforcements! Docari had asked for help!