Chapter 479 - Hunting List And Battlefield Mission (1)

Chapter 479: Hunting List and Battlefield Mission (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“The Hunting List is out. Do you want to take a look?” Suddenly, Yan Lie’s voice caused Xu Tui, who had entered a deep sleep through meditation, to wake up.

Xu Tui, who had been jolted awake from a deep sleep, only fully recovered after about a second. He had completely woken up. Of course, Xu Tui only dared to take the time to enter a deep sleep to recover because he had Yan Lie, a comrade who he trusted to a certain extent.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would definitely not dare to do so.

“Hunting List? It’s released so quickly?” Xu Tui looked at the screen projected by Yan Lie and was a little surprised. “We only got the sky aircraft for a day, right? Many teams managed to get 50 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy and obtained the sky aircraft so quickly?” Xu Tui asked.

The reason why he asked this was because this Hunting List was created by the Mars Combat Command this time.

The Combat Command was located on Phobos. The Combat Command on Phobos collected and released information in two ways. The first was that when Phobos traveled along the orbit and arrived at the front of a certain area of Mars, it could communicate with the students in that area for about two hours.

The second was the sky aircraft.

Students who obtained the sky aircraft could contact the various Mars bases through the military channels through the high-powered signal transmitter on the sky aircraft. They could also contact Phobos. Of course, they could also easily obtain the relevant information released by Phobos.

There were individual high-powered signal transmitters, but just the weight of more than 100 kilograms was enough to make all the students give up.

The energy tide had already begun. The students at all levels, the Genetic Evolution Realm experts, and the clearing teams of the various Mars bases, sectors, and Genetic Committees had already begun to fight and collect information.

The information gathered was sent to the super quantum computer on Phobos After an analysis by the planetary-level powerhouses guarding Phobos, the Hunting List appeared. Their main targets were the elites of the extraterrestrial invasion race.

Some of these elites did not have names, only numbers. Some had a name. For example, the first on the Hunting List was the Mechanical Spirit, Black Eagle.

There was also general information. The Mechanical Spirit, Black Eagle, was at the Genetic Evolution Realm. A year ago, he had killed a Level C Genetic Evolution Realm expert. It had a semi-human form, and his symbol is the black wings. It had a short-range explosive speed and could chase after the sky aircraft.

Danger Level: Extremely Dangerous!

Another example was the second place on the Hunting List, Bu Luo of the Dissimilate Clan. It was at the Genetic Evolution Realm and had extremely powerful attacks, defense, and earth-element superpowers.

It had once fought against two Genetic Evolution Realm experts and five Genetic Mutation Realm experts. He could even kill three of them and survive.

The Dissimilate Clan was one of the extraterrestrial invasion races. They were a relatively powerful extraterrestrial race. Their superpowers were outstanding, and their close combat abilities were also outstanding.

The reason why it was called Dissimilate Clan was that this race could adapt to the environment extremely well, including the general environment. It could change or even strengthen certain forms of its body according to its environment in a short period of time. It was one of the powerful races of the extraterrestrial invasion.

There were many others like that. The top 100 of the Hunting List all had a certain amount of information. Of course, this did not mean that the students of the Blue Star were exceptional at gathering information. Instead, it was the information that had accumulated during the Mars Energy Tide every year.

The alien species on the Hunting List were all alien species that had come to the Mars battlefield and left alive in the past three or even five years. Moreover, some people left alive more than once.

For example, Black Eagle, who was ranked first on the Hunting List, had appeared on the Mars battlefield for the fourth time.

Every time Black Eagle left the Mars battlefield alive, its strength would increase greatly.

Three years ago, when Black Eagle first descended on the Mars battlefield, it was only a Genetic Mutant. It was chased by a Genetic Mutant of the Blue Star who had reached Level A energy outburst value for three days and was lucky enough to escape. When Black Eagle left, its aura had greatly increased.

When it came back two years ago, Black Eagle had encountered a Genetic Evolution Realm expert from the Russian Federation. It could actually leave alive after fighting with all its might.

When it came to the Mars battlefield a year ago, Black Eagle had created a record of killing a Level C Genetic Evolver. This Level C Genetic Evolver was not like the Level C Genetic Evolver on the Blue Star. Instead, he was at the true Level C Genetic Evolution Realm, where his energy outburst value had reached 53 bars.

A year ago, when the Mars energy tide ended and Black Eagle left, there was information that the energy reaction in its body had reached three bars. That was the Genetic Evolution Realm.

A year ago, on the eve of the end of the energy tide, the Black Eagle, who had broken through, destroyed several sky aircrafts.

This year’s Mars energy tide, the Black Eagle was here again. It was even stronger than last year!

The annual energy tide on Mars seemed to be a training ground for alien geniuses to quickly increase their strength. Every alien elite who came to the Mars battlefield during the energy tide and returned alive would have a huge leap in strength when they came back next year.

This was also one of the fundamental reasons why the Blue Star had to deal with the Mars energy tide every year.

If they did not stop or hunt, these elite alien invaders would continue to grow and increase their strength.

The Mars base that had already been established might be taken over by them again.

This was because even the low-level Mechanical Spirits and the Fission Race, known as the Remnant Poison of Mars, could quickly increase their strength during the energy tide. Furthermore, they could evolve into powerful Mechanical Spirits like the Double-Horned Mechanical Spiritual Beast and the Floating Mechanical Spiritual Beast.

When the Black Eagle descended and a student saw the Black Eagle, Phobos placed the Black Eagle on the Hunting List and ultimately ranked it first.

What needed to be explained was that the information about the Black Eagle entering the rankings might represent the death of one to several Blue Star elites or students. Ordinary genius students would not be able to resist the Black Eagle.

What was worse was that the Black Eagle’s short-range explosive speed could catch up to the sky aircraft. Some of the seniors with sky aircraft might not be able to escape the pursuit of the Black Eagle.

Currently, there were as many as a thousand people on the Hunting List. On the Mars battlefield, this Hunting List was also called the Thousand Slaughter. Every time he killed one, he would obtain a large number of battle points and rewards. The spoils would also be very generous.

However, after the 500th or 600th place on the Hunting List, there was usually only a code name.

At this moment, the energy tide had begun. Information from all sides kept gathering, and the Hunting List was sent over. Moreover, people after the thousand people on the Hunting List were increasing.

There were more than a thousand alien elites who entered the Mars battlefield through other Quantum Portals. There were thousands or even more of them!

A portion of them were silently killed. A portion of them gradually grew up and became famous on the Mars battlefield. In the end, they were on the Hunting List.

“There are actually many second-year and third-year students that had sky aircraft. They were already prepared,” Yan Lie explained.

“Many second-year and third-year teams know that they will be coming for the next round, so they will mortgage the Mechanical Spirit Alloy or other valuables they seized last year to the Mars or Moon bases.

“After participating in the battle this year and entering the Mars battlefield, they could directly obtain the sky aircraft. You have already enjoyed the convenience of the sky aircraft. There were too many benefits, such as reducing the load, reducing the logistics pressure, and reducing the communication function so that we would not become blind. We could transport the injured in an emergency.

“It was said that a few years ago, the Mars Battlefield Combat Command had also wanted to equip the participating teams with a sky aircraft. However, it was not feasible! It could barely equip the students with the sky aircrafts if they transferred half of the sky aircrafts from both Mars Base and Moon Base.

“However, they could not afford the losses. Once the losses were too great, the price they had to pay would be too great. The key was that there would not be enough sky aircrafts to form a defense line at the Mars and Moon bases. In the end, such a system was formed!”

Xu Tui nodded. He had indeed had such a question before, but he had figured it out himself later. Moreover, what everyone obtained for free might not be cherished. For example, when he was ambushed by the Genetic Evolution Realm expert, Yan Lie had almost risked his life to protect the sky aircraft.

“Let’s look at the Combat Merits List,” Xu Tui said.

The rankings released by Phobos were not only the Hunting List, but also the internal Combat Merits List and the Enemy Killing Rankings.

The person ranked first on the Combat Merits List was Li Zhouchen, the Dragon of Huaxia that Xu Tui had heard many times but had never seen before. The second was Bobran from the American Sector. There were only a hundred rankings on the Combat Merits List. Xu Tui saw Luo Murong’s name among them.

However, he did not find his and Yan Lie’s names after searching around.

“We’ve killed a lot of Mechanical Spirits, right? Based on the contribution points of a low-level Mechanical Spirit, I’ve killed at least 800 low-level Mechanical Spirits, if not 1,000. According to this number, it shouldn’t be a problem to be ranked in the top 30 of the Combat Merits List, right?” Xu Tui was very puzzled.@@novelbin@@

“This… When you used the Mountain Formula to suppress the Mechanical Spirit Wave, we had not obtained the sky aircraft, so the results were not automatically uploaded. You did not turn on the recording of your communication device and did not report it. But the army of the Huaya Mars Base had already recorded our contributions.

“However, it would be slower for them to report our contribution through their channels.” Yan Lie was very experienced in this aspect.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He had to kill the enemy in battle, but he could not lose his contributions. However, in the end, this Combat Merits List was not a completely real-time Combat Merits List. Of course, its main function was to stimulate the students to kill the enemy bravely.

After establishing a connection with Phobos through the sky aircraft, Phobos could provide more information. They would also issue some temporary missions or even rescue missions. Their effects were extremely important.

“By the way, have you received any reply from Miss An?” Xu Tui had applied to Phobos ever since he obtained the sky aircraft. He applied to communicate with An Xiaoxue and Chi Hongying, but there was no response.

“It’s been less than a day. They don’t have a sky aircraft. It will take at least 24 hours to get a response from them,” Yan Lie said.

Just as he finished speaking, a message suddenly jumped out of the information screen of the sky aircraft.

“There’s a battlefield mission,” Yan Lie said.