Chapter 484 - Energy Overflow Tunnel

Chapter 484: Energy Overflow Tunnel

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

His mind power sank into the silver hoop. An extremely chaotic wave of mental information surged toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui only shook his mind power, and the messy mental information was cleared. He understood that this should be the remnant mental aura of the Dissimilate Clan’s elite. He scanned the silver hoop twice with his mind power. The silver hoop suddenly became clean and transparent.

Xu Tui injected his mind power into the silver hoop just like the big-eared supernatural being. He then gently shook it. In an instant, an additional mind power domain appeared. As the amount of mind power Xu Tui injected was limited, the additional mind power domain was extremely limited. However, this was also extremely shocking.

Mind power domain could only be obtained when one’s mind power reached a certain level. Many third-year seniors might not even have one. However, such a small silver hoop could actually activate the mind power domain after being injected with mind power. Moreover, Xu Tui could sense that the mind power domain activated by the silver hoop was tighter than his own mind power domain. It was more suitable for defense.

After confirming that there were no problems, Xu Tui put the silver hoop on his head. Through the vibration of his mind power, he fused his mind power domain with the silver hoop. In an instant, other than the strengthening of Xu Tui’s mind power domain, another mind power domain with the silver hoop as the main body appeared in Xu Tui’s mind power domain.

Double mind power domain!

Moreover, the skeleton of this silver hoop’s mind power domain was a silver hoop. In terms of defense, the mind power domain formed by this silver hoop was even stronger. So this was defensive mental equipment? If An Xiaoxue had worn this silver hoop, Xu Tui’s mental hammer would not have been able to hurt her with the strength of her mind power domain.

The power of the silver hoop was obvious.

After experimenting for half an hour, Xu Tui roughly understood the function of the silver hoop. It was a mind power field amplifier. It could only amplify mind power force field-type abilities. For example, mental shields, mental barriers, or the mind power domain.@@novelbin@@

The closer it got to Xu Tui, the stronger the enhancement. For example, if Xu Tui used his mind power to support a mental shield through the silver hoop, the strength of the mental shield would directly increase.

The conditions were limited and had not been tested. However, Xu Tui estimated that based on the distance, the increase could reach 50%. According to Xu Tui’s previous test data, if the strength of his mental shield increased by 50%, it would almost be comparable to the defense of the Vajra Barrier. It was a defensive mental equipment.

Even though it was not what Xu Tui wanted the most, he had gained a lot. What Xu Tui wanted the most was a few alloys that could strengthen his flying sword.

Xu Tui’s flying sword was made of high-grade materials, but its applicability was the beginner version. It was very light and small.

Xu Tui could use it now, but it could no longer keep up with his needs. If it was larger, not only would it be more lethal, but Xu Tui might even be able to fly on his sword. Currently, Xu Tui’s mind power has already reached the level of controlling a sword. However, the flying sword was too small and did not have much support for his mind power.

It consumed too much energy to stand on a sword.

Xu Tui had always wanted to strengthen his silver flying sword. However, there were no such materials on the Blue Star. Instead, Shamera had fused Origin Crystals into his flying sword once. It had to be said that the flying sword that Shang Long had forged for newbies in the School of Enlightened Mind was really powerful.

After a few battles, there were scratches on the flying swords that Xu Tui had bought at the moon base. The most serious one even became a little blunt and slightly deformed.

However, the main silver flying sword did not even have a scratch after being used for so long.

Xu Tui had asked An Xiaoxue about this before.

One of the main materials was the Mechanical Spirit Alloy. However, the main material used by the silver flying sword was Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy. It was best to use Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy to ensure that its power would not decrease. If he really wanted it to be bigger, he would have to use Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy at the very least.

Other than that, there were also a few other extraterrestrial alloys. A few of them would appear on the Mars battlefield, while a few would appear outside the Mars battlefield.

Xu Tui thought about it and finally put the silver hoop under his hair. He did not take it off.

Wouldn’t you be afraid if someone like Xu Tui, who had planned this for a long time, used the mental hammer to hammer them when they appeared?

That was something that even An Xiaoxue would faint from being caught off guard. From this point of view, the silver hoop had a lot of meaning and value.

“This silver hoop is mine. How are we going to split this fire-element Origin Crystal and that chain hammer alloy weapon? Why don’t you take the fire-element Origin Crystal, and we’ll dismantle the chain hammer alloy weapon of the little giant from the Dissimilate Clan equally?”

They were going to split the loot. Bah! It should be said that they were dividing the spoils of war. The students usually split the spoils of battle in private, especially the more valuable ones. Some things, such as Origin Crystals, would be a loss if they hand over to the base to convert the gains.

After saying that, Xu Tui continued, “That’s my suggestion. If you have any thoughts, just say it. We are comrades in the team. As long as you have any thoughts, just say it and we’ll discuss the solution. Don’t hide the discomfort in your heart!”

Xu Tui had a good memory when it came to settling accounts between brothers. When he was young, his relatives had caused a lot of trouble because of these problems.

Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui with an awkward expression. “Then I’ll be direct.”

“Just say it!”

“Xu Tui, I think that you should take the bulk of the spoils of war. Otherwise, it will be difficult for me to split the battle contributions.”

“Hmm?”

“Although the battle record that was sent up will mistake me for the main force and that I killed the three elites of the Dissimilate Clan with three strikes, I knew very well that without you, I would have to escape after I severely injured one of them.

“We’ll split the battle contributions equally. I would not be able to take the spoils of war evenly. How about this? The fire-element Origin Crystal will belong to you, and the alloy chain hammer will belong to me. I can use them to reforge a pair of sharper weapons and small items that can explode energy fields,” Yan Lie said.

“I’m taking the Origin Crystal too? Aren’t you losing out a little?”

“How is that possible? Without you, I wouldn’t have anything! Now, I had a large number of battle contributions and a share of the spoils of war. I am really too ashamed to take these spoils. Of course, I’m saying this because I want our team to last longer! Not everyone will disperse with dissatisfaction after the battle,” Yan Lie said sincerely.

Xu Tui nodded after he thought about it. “Alright! You agreed to this. If you feel like you’re losing out, don’t scold me in your heart.”

Hearing this, Yan Lie said excitedly, “If there are a few more battles like this, I won’t have any problems with you obtaining all the spoils!”

“Heh, that’s possible.” Xu Tui was also a little excited.

…

For the next day, Xu Tui and Yan Lie engaged in guerrilla warfare between Area 8 and Area 15. Unfortunately, they did not encounter any big fish.

The entire Mars was too big. The area of Mars was similar to the land area of Earth. On the Blue Star, the total number of the elite students from the various sectors was about 30,000. Including the special combat teams from the various Mars bases, as well as some genetic mutants and genetic evolvers with other identities, there were only about 35,000 people who could conduct field operations on the entire Mars. There would not be more than 40,000 people.

Excluding the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race, the total number of elites that the alien invasion race had sent through the Quantum Portals was estimated to be less than 50,000 people. Actually, this number was also greatly related to the ability to pass through the Quantum Portal.

There were no more than 100,000 living beings on Mars.

What were the chances of encountering ten to twenty thousand teams on a land as large as the Blue Star? Moreover, these targets were still constantly moving.

As a result, Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not discover any heavyweight targets even though they were patrolling on the sky aircraft. Their greatest gain was killing a seven-segment flying fission beast that had absorbed a lot of energy and obtained a lot of materials.

On this day, Xu Tui and Yan Lie even returned to the Huaya Mars base. They placed their previous gains, including the complete corpses of Dissimilate Clan’s elites, back into the base and converted them into contribution points. They even rested for a while.

It was the 4th of February, the sixth day since the actual combat on Mars began. On the afternoon of the sixth day, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had just killed a team of more than 100 crawling beasts of the Fission Race and returned to the sky aircraft.

A red message suddenly popped up on the projection screen of the sky aircraft.

“Important: Discovered Energy Overflow Tunnel. Located at the edge of the Jinyin Hills of Area 18’s Mount Los. All units are to immediately rush to the vicinity of the Energy Overflow Tunnel to snipe the invaders and collect Origin Energy Crystals.”

“Important: Important: Discovered Energy Overflow Tunnel. Located at the edge of the Jinyin Hills of Area 18’s Mount Los. All units are to immediately rush to the vicinity of the Energy Overflow Tunnel to snipe the invaders and collect Origin Energy Crystals.”

“Warning: First-year students, this is extremely dangerous for you. Please ignore this warning and continue your current mission. Other students, please head there together.”

…

Xu Tui and Yan Lie looked at each other and smiled when they saw the messages that popped up.

“How is it? Are you going?” Yan Lie asked.

“Of course! Have you been there last year? How’s the situation?”

“Last year, I was still alone. However, I took the risk to get closer. The people who went to the Energy Overflow Tunnel were all very strong. Moreover, they all went there in teams. There were no lone wolves. The chances of me dying in battle were higher. I only dared to look at it from afar last year. It’s said that if we can continuously occupy a good position, we will be able to obtain a lot of Origin Crystals!” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that. Origin crystals were hard currency that was harder than contribution points.

“How much can I gain?”

“Do you know the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen? It’s said that he obtained more than 200 grams of Origin Crystals last year. It was also that huge harvest that allowed him to obtain a large number of cultivation resources. Not long after he returned, he seized the throne of the Dragon of Huaxia and has been sitting there steadily until now!” Yan Lie said.

“Then what are we waiting for? Let’s go!”