Chapter 483 - Contribution And Gain

Chapter 483: Contribution and Gain

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Was it that easy to kill three Dissimilate Clan’s elites? One of them was a fire-type supernatural being who had the combat strength of a Genetic Evolver. In the previous two exchanges, he had caused their Genetic Mutant teammate to faint on the spot.

The captain of the Charger Team, who had the energy outburst value of a Genetic Evolution Realm, was also severely injured in a short period of time. It was a five-on-three battle. One of them was unconscious on the spot, the captain was seriously injured and could not move. The other three were slightly less injured. They could only use high-tech methods to cover themselves and escape.

However, it was actually that easy for Xu Tui and Yan Lie. It was like chopping a cabbage. With a slash, he cut off a head!

Was it that easy? This doubt came from Yan Lie’s heart.

Yan Lie looked at the three heads on the ground and then at his saber. He was really shocked. Last year, when he came to the Mars battlefield, Yan Lie ambushed a Dissimilate Clan’s supernatural being at the Genetic Mutation Realm. After the attack failed, he was chased for thousands of miles. He almost lost his life.

But today, he killed one with one strike! The three people he killed with three slashes were clearly stronger than the elites of the Dissimilate Clan he had encountered last year.

Of course, Yan Lie was shocked because of this battle record. Yan Lie himself knew the source of his battle results very well.

Xu Tui! They had godly cooperation! Xu Tui had great cooperation with him. After thinking about it, Yan Lie felt that this idea was inappropriate. It was not that he had great cooperation with Xu Tui. Instead, it was Xu Tui who took the initiative to cooperate with him and carried out a battle of decapitation.

From the looks of it, he, Yan Lie, had killed all three. One strike, one kill. It was extremely impressive. However, Yan Lie knew very well that the person who had really created such a battle record for him was Xu Tui. It should be an ability that Xu Tui had called the mental whip. However, this ability was too f*cking powerful.

Xu Tui cooperated with him and let him kill them one by one. This was awesome! Of course, Yan Lie was also very clear minded. If not for Xu Tui’s godly cooperation, he would have been chased away by the three Dissimilate clansmen like a dog.

Yan Lie was very clear, but Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry were not. The three of them were stunned by Yan Lie’s three slashes.

“The number one assassin! This slash is definitely the number one assassin on Mars!” At the thought of this, Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry looked at Yan Lie with admiration. Their eyes lit up as they looked at Yan Lie with admiration.

Hero! In their eyes, Yan Lie was a hero! A hero of the strong!

Xu Tui, who had only used a flying sword attack and the Mountain Formula to implicate two enemies, was ignored. The three of them could also do such a level of involvement. Most importantly, Yan Lie was too powerful!

The number one assassin! The number one divine saber!

Jeggins had already thought about it. When Phobos passed through the sky above Area 8, he would upload the video he had just recorded. He would attract attention first.

As for why he had to turn on the recording during wartime? It was very simple! It was proof of his battle achievements! Whether it was Phobos, Deimos, or the various Mars bases, they could not maintain real-time surveillance of Mars.

All the battle records had to be proven by the students themselves using their communication devices. Therefore, the first thing the students who participated in the battle did was turn on the recording function of their communication devices.

Of course, there were students who turned on the recording function all the time. Otherwise, there was no way to prove it if they killed the enemy. They would not be able to obtain any battle achievements.

As for faking it? The Moon Extraterrestrial Combat Command was not afraid at all. As long as your video was modified by the slightest bit of data, the current technology would discover it.

As for the fact that an expert was helping the students cheat, the Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not attack during the energy tide.

It was a good thing if some experts cheated for the students. This was because they had killed the enemy. As long as they killed the enemy, it would be right. Being able to cheat was also an ability!

Yan Lie also knew this rule, so he had already used his personal communication device to record another video of the battlefield after the battle to supplement it with battle achievements.

Unfortunately, these three people were not famous experts on the Hunting List, even if one or two of them had the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm. The contribution would only be considered as killing elites of the Dissimilate Clan in the Genetic Mutation Realm.

But this was quite a bit of contribution.

At this moment, Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry had already swarmed in front of Yan Lie with looks of admiration.

“What’s your name?”

“The elegance of your slash is too powerful. Can you tell me which genetic ability chain you cultivated?”

“Excuse me, are you in the Genetic Evolution Realm?”

“Can I be your friend, great number one assassin?”@@novelbin@@

…

The continuous questions made Yan Lie’s face turn red. That was because Yan Lie knew very well that the real credit belonged to Xu Tui.

If not for Xu Tui, not to mention killing one with a single strike, he would be chased like a dog.

Under the questioning of the three of them, Yan Lie was about to explain the reason for this battle in detail. Xu Tui, who was looking at him, suddenly shook his head at Yan Lie.

Yan Lie was stunned! In the next moment, what Xu Tui wanted to express appeared in Yan Lie’s mind. He was stunned again! Was Xu Tui using his mind power to communicate with him without saying anything? This silent communication method was too powerful. Yan Lie also wanted to learn, but he could not.

“Don’t explain. You are the number one assassin.”

Yan Lie’s face turned red. Xu Tui could express his intentions to him, but he could not express his intentions to Xu Tui. He felt that this was all thanks to Xu Tui. It should be explained.

“Besides, you won’t be able to explain it clearly even if you explain it! Moreover, many people will have the same thoughts after this battle contribution video is uploaded. Are you planning to explain one by one that I’m cooperating with you?

“Moreover, I think that this is good. Everyone thinks that you are very strong. It will be more beneficial for me to cooperate with you. Also, I think that the motives of these three Dissimilate Clan members for chasing after these people are not simple,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui had used spiritual resonance to express his intentions.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had established a preliminary trust. He had tried it before, so Xu Tui could directly send a message to Yan Lie through spiritual resonance. Unfortunately, Yan Lie could not transmit his intentions.

When he heard Xu Tui’s words, Yan Lie, who was surrounded by Jeggins and the other two, pushed them away and walked over. He frowned and pointed at the three corpses. “Do you mean that they are fishing and fighting for reinforcements at the encirclement?”

“That’s very likely, but that’s not the most worrying thing!”

“What possibility?”

“I’m worried that these extraterrestrial elites are so familiar with the various situations of the Blue Star humans on the Mars battlefield. What if one of them seizes the sky aircraft of the other teams?”

“But driving a sky aircraft requires identification!” Yan Lie said.

“There’s no need to pilot it. You just have to observe all kinds of battle information from the sky aircraft.” Xu Tui voiced his worries.

The sweat on Yan Lie’s forehead immediately fell. If that was really the case, they would have to be extremely careful every time they went on a battlefield mission in the future. They had to be careful of traps! The worst thing was that this possibility was real.

For example, the Charger team in front of them had their sky aircraft shot down, but it was not destroyed. The communication with Phobos above was normal.

“Then we have to be more careful in the future. Although Phobos requires all the sky aircrafts to undergo an identity verification with Phobos every 12 hours, 12 hours is still a long time.” As Yan Lie nodded, Xu Tui suddenly shouted, “Don’t move. That’s our spoils of war!”

Seeing that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were chatting, Jeggins and Vimes could not help but want to clean up the corpses. The three of them did not care about Xu Tui’s shout. Instead, they looked at Yan Lie.

Yan Lie did not say anything. His gaze turned slightly cold, scaring the three of them so much that they quickly retreated to the side.

“We just wanted to help you check your gains in advance,” Jeggins, who had jumped away, quickly explained under Yan Lie’s cold gaze.

“Alright, I don’t need your help! Now, the rescue has been successful. According to the rules, bring over all your spoils of war. We want to take half of your spoils of war. As for the contribution points, the Phobos’ Combat Command will distribute them to us after the incident,” Yan Lie shouted.

Jeggins and the other two nodded, feeling a little pained. When their lives were in danger, they could not wait to use all their assets to exchange for a chance to live. However, when the crisis was resolved, they could not bear to pay the price. Even if they could not bear to part with them, they had to do it.

The three of them went to get their backpacks, including the backpacks of the two unconscious people. They also took them over and organized their spoils of war.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw this scene. This notorious reputation was rather useful. These three fellows ignored him and did care about him. However, Yan Lie’s gaze could make them submit.

It was really…

The corpses of the Dissimilate Clan did not have any too valuable resources. However, the Moon’s Genetic Research Institute had a need for the corpses of Dissimilate Clan members.

A complete brain tissue and a complete heart, especially a corpse that had undergone dissimilation, had a lot of contribution points. A complete brain tissue of a Dissimilate Clan’s elite could be exchanged for 100 contribution points. A complete heart could be exchanged for 50 contribution points. A corpse that had undergone an obvious dissimilation cost 500 contribution points.

Based on this alone, he had obtained at least 1,000 contribution points from this battle. The two of them split it equally. Each of them would receive at least 500 contribution points. This was not counting the contribution points they earned from saving people.

They searched the three corpses. The huge chain hammer of the little giant should have a more valuable extraterrestrial alloy that could be exchanged for contribution points. Then, he found equipment on the fire-type supernatural being and the big-eared supernatural being.

On the body of the fire-type supernatural being was a huge fire-type Origin Crystal necklace. He estimated that the Origin Crystal weighed seven to eight grams. This was something very valuable.

Xu Tui was most interested in the small silver hoop on the big-eared supernatural being’s head.

When Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed down, the Big-eared supernatural being actually used his mind power and the trembling silver hoop to form a super powerful mind power domain that blocked a portion of the power of the mental hammer. Otherwise, he would have been knocked out by the hammer on the spot.

“Let’s try and see if we can use it. The equipment of the extraterrestrial elites seized from the Mars battlefield are all good treasures. Some of them can be used directly,” Yan Lie said to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui knew this. He also wanted to try it out now. However, he did not try it immediately after he thought about it.

It was not safe to test this function here.

He would try it out on the sky aircraft later.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui took about 12 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy and 15 kilograms of various limbs of the Fission Race from the backpacks of the five of them under the pained gazes of Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry.

These gains were not much, but they were not little either. Basically, a second-year or third-year senior, such as Yan Lie, would only obtain so much after fighting bitterly on the Mars battlefield for more than ten days.

A few minutes later, Jeggins and the others, who had been relieved of the crisis, had already hidden and rested on the spot. They were waiting for the rescue team from Phobos to pick up the two injured people in their team.

Xu Tui, who had boarded the sky aircraft, could not wait anymore. He wanted to know if he could use the silver hoop.