Chapter 486 - Contribution Points And Battle For The Circle (1)

Chapter 486: Contribution Points and Battle for the Circle (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The light pillar of energy was light blue and would occasionally change its color. Like a musical fountain, the gushing pillar of light kept expanding and contracting. Occasionally, some shiny crystals with colors would spew out and land in all directions.

When they were at least 10 kilometers away from the pillar of light, the various instruments of the sky aircraft began to let out ear-piercing alarms. There were frequent malfunctions. The fusion energy chamber of the sky aircraft also became unstable.

“Let’s get off the aircraft and walk. If we get any closer, the sky aircraft will probably be destroyed by the violent energy fluctuations.”

Then, Yan Lie and Xu Tui first reported to the Phobos’ Combat Command that they had arrived at the first Energy Overflow Tunnel on Mars and reported their location. It could be considered a check-in.

After that, they would be able to obtain 100 basic contribution points after confirming with the commander of Phobos’ Combat Command or uploading the video. It was relatively easier to obtain contribution points on the Mars battlefield. At least it was much easier than the Blue Star.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had already obtained 500 contribution points from their rescue of the Charger Team. They had killed three Genetic Mutants of the Dissimilate Clan who were not on the Hunting List. One was worth 100 contribution points.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie transported the three intact corpses of the Dissimilate Clan back. A complete corpse of the Dissimilate Clan was worth 500 contribution points. That was another 1,500 contribution points.

The contribution points reported by the military had not been calculated yet. However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had killed the Floating Mechanical Spirit and another Genetic Mutation Realm invader on the way, including the other small matters, they had obtained more than 300 contribution points.

Including the basic contribution points they had obtained from signing in at the Energy Overflow Tunnel today, they had more than 2,800 contribution points.

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie shared the contribution points equally. So each of them had about 1,400 contribution points. Although he did not enter the overall rankings, he was not far away.@@novelbin@@

The Combat Merits List were divided into the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings and the Individual Combat Merits List.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had formed a party. Therefore, be it the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings or the Individual Combat Merits List, they could only be calculated based on the contribution points of a single person.

Currently, the 100th place on the Individual Combat Merits List on the Mars battlefield was 1,753 battle merits. Xu Tui and Yan Lie were not far apart. They should have a chance to enter the Individual Combat Merits List.

Although the Individual Combat Merits List was the overall ranking of all the first-year to fourth-year students participating in the competition, in terms of individual strength, Yan Lie and Xu Tui were not weak.

The Prodigy Combat Team Rankings was a little far away for them. The contribution points for the 100th place on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings this time were currently over 3,900. It was nearly three times that of Xu Tui’s individual points.

The contribution points of the first place on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings had already reached more than 7,300.

Of course, this was normal. The other teams had at least two people. Most of the teams had three to five people. With the points of three to five people added together, the team naturally had more points.

After all, Xu Tui and Yan Lie were only a party. Otherwise, they might have been able to fight for the rankings. Of course, Xu Tui had to fight for the first-year Prodigy Combat Team Rankings.

Due to the complicated and ever-changing information on the Mars battlefield, the Phobos’ Combat Command did not list the first-year Prodigy Combat Team Rankings. They would only calculate them after the battle.

However, having this overall ranking was enough!

Xu Tui had some thoughts as he looked at the Individual Combat Merits List over the past few days. It was not that easy to obtain battle merits. However, it was not that difficult for the powerful Xu Tui.

The key was quantity!

Xu Tui first set a small goal for himself. He had to get at least 10,000 contribution points.

Why did he set such a goal?

Xu Tui still had more than 17,000 contribution points in his account. If he could obtain another 10,000 contribution points, Xu Tui planned to exchange for a few bottles of Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir after the Mars battle ended.

The most important thing was to exchange for another bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. Currently, one bottle of the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir costs 20,000 contribution points. Every additional bottle would greatly increase one’s strength. Moreover, once one’s cultivation broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, they would not be able to use it.

So he had to exchange for a bottle!

This was Xu Tui’s first time at the Energy Overflow Tunnel. He did not know how many contribution points he could obtain.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie nimbly jumped off the sky aircraft with their combat backpacks and supplies. The sky aircraft was then set to cruise intelligently at a speed of 300 kilometers around an altitude of 800 to 1,000 meters. Under such a setting, the energy consumption was smaller, and the sky aircraft itself was safer.

At this height and speed, unless one was extremely unlucky, it was impossible for it to be destroyed by some powerful Genetic Evolution Realm experts. The sky aircraft would be able to arrive within a few minutes if Xu Tui and Yan Lie needed it.

The sky aircraft left into the distance. Xu Tui and Yan Lie walked toward the tunnel. They followed the directions given by Phobos’ Combat Command and avoided the gathering direction of the alien invasion elites. It was considered safe.

When they were five kilometers away from the tunnel, Xu Tui and Yan Lie were stopped by an armed man wearing an extraterrestrial combat uniform and a blue military badge. This was a member of the strategic coordination team sent by the Phobos’ Combat Command to the tunnel.

With so many elites of the Blue Star gathered here, it was impossible to form the most effective combat strength with spontaneous strategic organizations.