Chapter 489 - F*Ck, These Two People Are So Fierce (2)

Chapter 489: F*ck, These Two People Are So Fierce (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The problem was that technological moves were useless.

Ten kilometers away from here, the various electronic devices of the sky aircraft were malfunctioning. The various heavy firearms deployed at the Mars base and even the Phobos were useless near the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Was that a strategy?

However, regardless of whether it was a strategy or not, Xu Tui had already decided.

“Let’s go back to where we were just now!”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie slowly approached the outermost circle of the conflict. Why did he choose this place? This was the border between the alien invasion elites and the human teams. The advantage of going in from here was that they would not be attacked from both sides for the time being.

Of course, the most important reason was that Xu Tui had observed for so long. He saw that the four ferocious half-human mechanical spirit beasts had obtained at least three Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui stood still when he was 20 meters away from the nine o’clock direction. Yan Lie continued to advance slowly. The eyes of the four semi-human-shaped mechanical spirit beasts that had just ended the intense battle shone with a ferocious light.

On the 40th circle, Zhu Lang frowned and shouted in Xu Tui’s direction, “Don’t take the risk!”

The moment Zhu Lang shouted, Yan Lie’s figure instantly disappeared. He had already been activated.

Zhu Lang was a little helpless, but he still instructed the elite teams in the outer circle, “Prepare to restrain them and be prepared to save them at any time!”

The captain of the Silver Leopard team, who had just completed a rescue mission and was about to charge in again, cursed! He was very dissatisfied! With the strength of their team, it was possible for them to reach the 45th or even the 42nd circle, let alone the 47th. However, he was delayed by several reinforcements. He hated these kinds of people who always wanted to try their luck.

At the nine o’clock direction of the outermost circle, Yan Lie’s aura had disappeared. Energy waves surged around the four human-shaped mechanical beasts. They were clearly investigating.

Xu Tui had already activated his mental perception to the extreme. He knew Yan Lie’s location very well. He had even placed a Spiritual Magnetic Marker on Yan Lie to strengthen the internal connection between him and Yan Lie.

Therefore, at this moment, Xu Tui could clearly sense the fluctuations of Yan Lie’s aura.

Xu Tui knew very well when Yan Lie’s concealment ability would erupt. Just as Yan Lie, who was using this hidden stabbing ability, was on the verge of exploding, Xu Tui activated his mind power. In an instant, a huge mountain appeared and suppressed down. The mountain directly covered the four humanoid Mechanical Spirits.

However, these four humanoid mechanical spirits were not bad. One of them soared into the sky and wanted to shatter Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula so that the other three would not be affected.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui raised his hands gently.

Chi chi chi! The spikes rose like lightning. Under the dense barrage of earth spikes, the humanoid Mechanical Spirit at the front had no choice but to retreat and dodge when it shattered a few earth spikes.

The moment he retreated, Yan Lie’s saber suddenly appeared! A saber light flashed, and the energy field exploded into the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit.

One kill!

Zhu Lang, who was watching the battle, was suddenly stunned. They succeeded! He even completed a kill! The charging abilities of these two people were stronger than he had imagined. However, what followed was the most difficult. This was because the assistance and counterattack of the surrounding alien invasion elites would begin soon.

Almost at the same time that he destroyed the Mechanical Spirit’s energy core, Yan Lie’s figure flashed again.

The humanoid Mechanical Spirit had already noticed Yan Lie. Unfortunately, Xu Tui’s Earth Spike had coincidentally stabbed toward his vital points and sealed his escape route. At first glance, it was as if he was facing Yan Lie’s saber light again.

The energy field exploded by Yan Lie’s saber light once again blasted apart the energy core of the humanoid mechanical spirit.

Whoosh!

Just as everyone’s attention was focused on Yan Lie, the shrill sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. The moment the sound of air being torn apart rang out, a silver light passed through the head of the third humanoid Mechanical Spirit.

Supersonic flying sword! It was a headshot!

In an instant, the third humanoid Mechanical Spirit disintegrated into hundreds of alloy pieces and burrowed into the ground. Only the small bag of Origin Crystals that he had picked up fell to the ground.

The fourth humanoid Mechanical Spirit was stunned.

One second! Triple kill!

This speed stunned him and made him even more dumbfounded.

The moment Yan Lie’s illusory figure charged forward, the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out again. The shrill sound of air being torn apart made the fourth humanoid mechanical spirit tremble. That power was too terrifying! It was a headshot!

However, he did not get a headshot as he had expected.

On the other hand, because he had been distracted by the flying sword, his energy core had been destroyed by Yan Lie several slashes.

Xu Tui’s flying sword kept exploding behind the fourth humanoid mechanical spirit.

The three Fission Race members behind the four humanoid mechanical spirits had already reacted and pounced forward to save them. However, they were stopped by Xu Tui’s flying sword.

This was especially so for the tiger-headed human-shaped Fission that was the fastest. It was pierced through by Xu Tui’s flying sword and was severely injured on the spot. It could only use fission to survive.

The tiger-headed human-shaped figure split into two in an instant. One was energetic and ferocious, while the other was on the verge of death. However, the dying fission clone was rapidly absorbing the nearby Origin Energy and recovering its aura.

The moment he was pulled down by his companion, the clone that had just split open to save his life fused back into its main body. The aura of the tiger-headed Fission race that had just declined recovered. It was also this sword that made the extraterrestrial elites who had rushed over to save stop. There was no point in saving them. The fourth humanoid Mechanical Spirit elite had already had his energy core destroyed by Yan Lie. Not only was there no point in attacking again, but they might also lose the lives of others.

The dozens of alien invasion elites who had just moved suddenly stopped.

In the 40th circle, Zhu Lang was stunned! The captain of the Silver Leopard Battle Team, who had been extremely dissatisfied just now, subconsciously swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

“F*ck, these two people are so fierce!”

“It’s not that fierce. We can all do an attack of this level. The key is to be fast enough. It’s so fast that no one can save them. Four kills in a second. This speed is so amazing!”

The four humanoid Mechanical Spirit elites were killed by Xu Tui and Yan Lie in just a second.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie instantly charged into the outermost circle. Not only did they charge in, but they also expanded the area occupied by the outer circle by 30 meters. The defense range of a team was about 30 to 50 meters. Xu Tui and Yan Lie only had two people, so they could only defend a 30-meter radius.

Although it was only to increase the outermost area of the Blue Star by 30 meters, the meaning was different. For example, the elite alien invaders in the 49th circle instantly felt like they were being attacked from both sides because of the position that Xu Tui and Yan Lie had occupied.

It did not matter if Xu Tui and Yan Lie attacked or not. As long as Xu Tui and Yan Lie stood there, they would feel threatened. They would be able to restrain their strength and attention.

Then, there would be layers of internal rumors. This reduced the pressure on the 47th and 48th circle.

Although the changes to Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s advancement were very small, it immediately reduced the pressure on the entire strategic circle. This reduction in pressure was insignificant to the entire battle. However, if it continued to accumulate, it was possible to continuously reduce the pressure and increase the enemy’s pressure, accumulating a small victory.

At the 40th circle, Zhu Lang, who was the strategic coordinator, also had a relaxed expression. The Silver Leopard team, which had been extremely dissatisfied just now, took this opportunity to charge towards the 46th circle.@@novelbin@@

The battle started again!

Just as the battle was about to start again on the 46th circle, Yan Lie held three bags and smiled at Xu Tui.

There were Origin Crystals in the three small bags.

After killing four elites of the humanoid Mechanical Spirit Race, they did not obtain half a high-level Mechanical Spirit Alloy. However, they obtained all the Origin Crystals they had obtained previously.

“Look, how many are there?” Xu Tui, who had walked into the battle circle, had a smile on his face.

“Let me count. Five Origin Crystals. Most of the grams are within two grams,” Yan Lie said happily to Xu Tui.

The surrounding people instantly looked at them enviously.