Chapter 480 - Is It That Easy? (1)

Chapter 480: Is It That Easy? (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Someone is asking for help. Do you want to do it?”

Yan Lie directly projected the details of the request for help that had been forwarded by the Mars Battlefield Combat Command.

It was a request for help from a team called Charger in the European Sector. Currently, they were fleeing south along the fifth peak of Mount Tees in the Area 8 of Mars. The pursuers were three members of the Dissimilate Clan. Two of them were supernatural beings, and the other was an Extreme Branch. They were extremely fast. Among the three pursuers, their energy levels were all two bars. There was no Genetic Evolution Realm.

However, a supernatural being of the Dissimilate Clan could unleash the combat power of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

There were a total of five people in the Charger Team. A third-year student from the European Sector was the captain, and the other five members include a third-year and three second-year students.

They were all in the Genetic Mutation Realm. The captain, who could unleash the combat power of the Genetic Evolution Realm, was already seriously injured. Other than the captain, one of them was unconscious, and the other three were all injured.

The energy shield of the sky aircraft was shattered. They lost their mobility after falling to the ground. They could only abandon the aircraft and escape. Before they escaped, they sent a request for help to Phobos through the high-powered signal transmitter of the sky aircraft.

Phobos had a rescue team, but it would take at least two hours to reach the target area from Phobos. They might not have enough time. Therefore, the Mars Combat Command on Phobos publicized the rescue operation of the Charger Team through missions.

Ever since the Great Genetic Age, while the Blue Star was conducting all kinds of research, they had also developed a deep sense of self-reflection.@@novelbin@@

Pure dedication would not last long. You expect one or two people to risk their lives to save another group. There might be such a selfless person. But definitely not most of them. The stories of Zi Lu accepting the cow and Zi Gong rejecting the gold thousands of years ago in the Huaxia Sector had already explained human nature clearly.

Pure dedication would not last long.

Therefore, the Mars Combat Command had two rules regarding rescue.

First, one would be rewarded with 100 contribution points if they saved a person on the Mars combat battlefield. This contribution point was allocated by the Moon base Extra-terrestrial Combat Command.

Secondly, if the rescue was successful, the rescuer would be able to obtain half of the spoils of war and contribution points.

If the rescue failed or the target died, there would be no spoils of war or contribution points.

These two rules were also to encourage rescue. It would allow more Blue Star geniuses to survive. At the same time, it also reminded the Blue Star geniuses who were participating in the battle to be careful and not to play wolf. There was a price to pay for asking someone to save them.

Therefore, under normal circumstances, they would not send a rescue request to the Mars Combat Command. Moreover, even in this state, many students would only rush to the rescue after they measured their strength.

They could save people. However, they could not lose their lives! This was also one of the rules of the extra-terrestrial.

“Go! Why not? Aren’t we guarding the energy fluctuation points to kill the elites who invaded the extra-terrestrial? Besides, didn’t you take the initiative to team up with me to kill these alien elites in the end?” Xu Tui gave Yan Lie an answer.

“There are a total of three of them. You’re more radical than I thought.” Yan Lie smiled.

“Is it radical? I don’t think so!”

“Alright, I’ll advance at full speed. We’ll be at the fifth peak of Mount Tees in Area. It’s about 1,600 kilometers away from us. I will increase my altitude and advance at a speed of 3 Mach per hour (about 3,750 kilometers per hour). We are expected to arrive at the designated area in 25 minutes.”

It had to be said that Yan Lie was a very professional pilot of the sky aircraft.

“Wake me up in 20 minutes. I’ll sleep a little longer.”

“No problem.”

…

Mars, Area 8, under the sixth peak of Mount Tees. Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry panted heavily. Running at high speed and carrying two adults had greatly depleted their stamina and oxygen. If not for the emergency oxygen pack in their combat uniforms, they would have been caught up by the lack of oxygen.

“I feel that we can’t hold on for long. The reinforcements haven’t arrived…” Barry panted heavily, his voice filled with despair.

“Phobos’ rescue team won’t be able to arrive in two hours. However, there should be other teams nearby. Someone should save us,” Jeggins panted.

“You’re wrong. I think that we should add a reward when we release the rescue information. For example, 3,000 contribution points and 10 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy!” Vimes panted heavily.

“It’s useless. Excessive rewards will only make the rescuers think that the rescue is too difficult and give up on rescuing us.” As he spoke, Jeggins turned around and glanced at the dust that was rising slightly in the distance. “Say, should we use the terrain to ambush them? It might be better than running to death!”

The words were rejected by both Vimes and Barry.

“There are two supernatural-types of the Dissimilate Clan. One of them has extremely bright eyes and huge ears. It’s obvious that he has extremely strong observation abilities. We can’t ambush them!”

“Then what should we do? If we continue to escape like this, we’ll be turned into mud in 20 minutes at most!” Jeggins said in fear.

“Throw away all the loot and loads,” suggested Vimes.

Jeggins and Barry did not respond, but their gazes were on the captain and the other team member, who were almost unconscious behind them.