Chapter 482 - Is It That Easy? (3)

Chapter 482: Is It That Easy? (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Huaxia language! Although his accent was a little strange, it was not the alien language that Xu Tui had imagined.

Huaxia language!

Xu Tui was a little shocked. Could this be the fundamental reason why all the regions on the Blue Star were promoting the Huaxia language and making it the most common language? That was because extraterrestrial species also spoke Huaxia language.

Of course, that was not accurate.

Currently, among the extraterrestrial invaders that Xu Tui had seen, the only ones with intelligence were the three Dissimilate Clan members in front of him. It was unknown if the other extraterrestrial invaders were speaking Huaxia.

Of course, Xu Tui would not make a mistake like being shocked on the battlefield. That was no different from courting death. He was only slightly surprised. The main reason was that the various races on the Blue Star were speaking Huaxia. Xu Tui was no longer surprised.

However, the words of this foreign race supernatural being made Xu Tui realize something.

Fishing! These three people from the Dissimilate Clan were fishing by chasing after this team. In other words, the elites of the Dissimilate Clan actually understood some of the rules of the human race. They were even familiar with them.

However, Xu Tui already had the time to consider this.

“Kill!” He let out a soft shout. With an ear-piercing sonic boom, the flying sword had already appeared in front of the fire-type supernatural being in the middle.

The Dissimilated giant also seemed to sense something. It roared and punched the sky! Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula had already pressed down on his head.@@novelbin@@

At this moment, Big Ear’s gaze shifted. He suddenly looked in front of him and his mind power suddenly erupted. A small silver hoop on his head suddenly erupted with a dazzling light. The energy that erupted from the silver hoop instantly fused with Big Ear’s mind power, forming a defensive field similar to a mind power domain.

With the help of the silver hoop, the power and aura of the defensive force field were even stronger than Xu Tui’s mind power domain. Unfortunately, what hit his head was the mental hammer.

The mental hammer that Xu Tui had condensed with 20% of his mind power in advance. He smashed down with his hammer. Blood spurted out of Big Ear’s ears, mouth, and nose. Its entire body trembled! However, it did not fall, nor did it faint. It had managed to withstand Xu Tui’s mental hammer without fainting.

At this moment, Yan Lie, who had just hidden himself, suddenly appeared behind Big Ear.

Big Ears did not notice anything at all. Or rather, after being hit by Xu Tui’s mental hammer, it had temporarily lost the possibility of sensing Yan Lie’s surprise attack.

A saber light flashed! Big Ear’s head soared into the sky. Almost at the same time, the fire-type supernatural being in the middle had just dodged Xu Tui’s flying sword in an extremely sorry state.

However, the moment he dodged, Boom! Xu Tui’s mental hammer hit his head again. The fire-type supernatural being was knocked onto the ground like a wooden stake.

Yan Lie, who had just killed the Dissimilate Clan’s supernatural being with a single strike, pounced forward smoothly. A saber light flashed.

The fire-type supernatural being’s head soared into the sky.

The little giant of the Dissimilate Clan let out a furious roar. It roared and whipped the chain hammer in its hand at Yan Lie. Energy light exploded in front of him!

Yan Lie’s figure disappeared again. When he appeared again, he was behind the little giant.

The little giant of the Dissimilate Clan also noticed Yan Lie. He stomped his foot on the ground and a pure energy barrier appeared. The chain hammer whipped back at Yan Lie. However, at this moment, the movements of the little giant suddenly became slow-motion. His entire body trembled violently. The surge of pure energy communication stopped for a moment.

Another hammer!

The moment it stopped, Yan Lie’s single saber pierced into the ear canal of the little giant and stirred it. At first glance, it looked like Yan Lie’s ear-piercing saber had caused the energy barrier of the little giant to stop.

At the side, Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry were dumbfounded!

Was it that easy?