Chapter 481 - Is It That Easy? (2)

Chapter 481: Is It That Easy? (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The two genetic newcomers who had undergone long-term training had extremely developed muscles and extremely hard bones. Both of them weighed more than 110 kilograms. This was definitely the greatest burden they had while they were running for their lives.

Their backpacks, together with their spoils of war, only had a maximum weight of 50 kilograms. If not for these two team members, they would have escaped from the pursuit long ago.

Vimes understood what the gazes of Jeggins and Barry meant. If they really wanted to escape, they would have to give up on these two people and the weight.

However…

“No… not until the last moment,” Vimes insisted.

“The last moment… That’s 20 minutes later. However, there’s no point in giving up after 20 minutes…” Jeggins despaired.

Barry was clearly shaken! If he continued to carry them, he would die. If he gave up on them, he would be able to live! This multiple-choice question was not difficult. What was difficult was executing it!

Vimes shook his head excitedly. He had risked his life with the captain more than once. He could not abandon the captain and the others so easily. “I object. I firmly object!”

“Listen…” Barry pointed at the sky. There was a faint roar in the sky. This made the three of their eyes light up.

“Sky aircraft?”

“Help is here?”

“Send the signal. Send the location signal immediately!”

In the next moment, a yellow rescue flare shot into the sky, emitting a blinding light. Less than thirty seconds later, a sky aircraft swooped down from the sky. This almost made Jeggins, Vimes, and Barry cry with joy.

There was help! Reinforcements had arrived!

However, a minute later, the three of them were stunned when they saw Xu Tui and Yan Lie get off the sky aircraft.

“Your… your team… is it just the two of you, or is it someone else on their way here?” Jeggins stammered.

“It’s just the two of us. Why? Do you think it’s too little?”

“This…” Jeggins stammered, “No… I’m afraid the two of you won’t be able to repel a powerful enemy!”

“Among the three Genetic Mutants, two are supernatural beings and one has the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm. Can’t the two of us, together with the three of you, kill them?” Yan Lie asked curiously.

“No…” Jeggins stammered.

However, Vimes immediately said, “We can only confirm that one of them has the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm. We can’t confirm the true combat strength of the other two! In any case, he knocked out our other teammate in two moves.”

Before Xu Tui could react, Yan Lie, who had reacted, became furious. “You actually hid the enemy’s strength? Do you know that you’re harming the rescuers?”

In many rescue missions, if the enemy was too powerful, it might cause no team to take the initiative to rescue them. Some people would reduce the enemy’s strength slightly in the mission description. Such behavior was often very bad! A wrong judgment might mean that they would die in battle or even be wiped out.

“We didn’t hide anything! It’s just that our judgment is not accurate!” Jeggins defended himself. After saying that, Jeggins immediately stared at the sky aircraft. “Why don’t we escape together? Although there are three seats in the sky aircraft, we can squeeze in five people…”

Yan Lie’s expression instantly darkened. He was about to say something when Xu Tui’s voice rang out.

“Yan Lie, the sky aircraft is floating in the air. Maintain a certain height and prepare for battle. The enemy has already caught up.”

Yan Lie glared at Jeggins. Under the remote control, the sky aircraft immediately rose into the air and hovered to prevent it from being destroyed by the battle. At the same time, Yan Lie disappeared from his spot.

“The three of you can choose to continue running or watch from the sidelines. However, don’t appear within 20 meters of me,” Xu Tui said as he stared at the three of them expressionlessly.

The three of them could see the intense hostility in Xu Tui’s eyes. However, at a time like this, the rescuers had to fight. It would not make sense for them to escape.

After the three of them exchanged glances, they immediately dodged to the side. Fortunately, the three of them were not purely cowards. The three people who were hiding at the side had already removed their weight and entered a battle-ready state.

They were smart. No matter how strong Xu Tui and Yan Lie were, they might be able to create an opportunity for them to fight the enemy. Once they had the chance, they would not hesitate to join the battle. They had to save themselves!

Of course, if they could kill one or two elite enemies, their contribution points would be extremely considerable.

In the distance, the rapidly surging smoke and dust suddenly slowed down. It was obvious that they had also noticed Xu Tui and the others and were preparing for battle. As for the battle plan, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had not gotten along on the battlefield for nothing.

A minute later, three Dissimilate Clan members appeared 200 meters away.

The three Dissimilate Clan members looked like humans, but their characteristics were very obvious. The leader’s eyes were as bright as a thousand-watt bulb, and his ears were huge. His other eye and hair were red. He was undoubtedly a fire-element superb individual. The one at the side was clearly a third taller than the two supernatural Dissimilate Clan members. At this moment, he was like a giant as he pressed down. The pressure was extremely strong.

“Two reinforcements just came. There are so few of them!” The big-eared Dissimilate Clan member seemed to be a little hesitant.

Xu Tui was stunned. After cultivating for so long, this was the first time he had faced an extraterrestrial invasion of the intelligent species.@@novelbin@@

However, the Dissimilate Clan supernatural being in front of him was actually speaking Huaxia language!