Chapter 488 - F*Ck, These Two People Are So

Chapter 488: F*ck, These Two People Are So Fierce (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“When are you going down?”

Yan Lie’s question made Xu Tui smile. “Why? Are you envious?”

“I’m definitely envious! Look, we’ve been observing for half an hour. Even in the outermost circles, the 50th circle, and the 49th circle, more than half of the people obtained at least one Origin Crystal. Although the Origin Crystals in the periphery are a little smaller, no matter how small they are, they are still Origin Crystals,” Yan Lie said.

“Do you know about the Survivor Deviation Theory?” Xu Tui asked.

Yan Lie’s expression trembled slightly when he heard Xu Tui mention this. The Survivor Deviation Theory did have a certain warning effect.

“I’ll command the battle. You’ll take responsibility?” Xu Tui asked.

“I have no objections to you commanding me, but reputation is quite useful. If you let me take the lead, most of the reputation will be taken away by me.” Yan Lie understood what Xu Tui meant, but he did not understand.

“It’s fine. I’ll just treat it as working behind the scenes. Moreover, it’s more suitable for me to unleash my abilities if you stand at the front,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!

Actually, there was something else that Xu Tui did not say. He had been letting Yan Lie stand at the front with the intention of hiding. This kind of concealment was usually useless. However, sometimes, as long as it worked once, it would save his life.

That was a life-and-death situation! It was better to be careful on the battlefield.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie observed for a full half an hour. Xitan, who had also been assigned to the mobile group, had already entered the energy overflow circle. The team of four had already reached the 42nd circle and had obtained several Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui was not anxious at all.

First, he and Yan Lie were on guard against others. They walked half a circle around the outer area of the energy overflow circle. They walked the half circle controlled by the human race. It could be considered another observation. No one noticed that specks of almost transparent dust had landed between Xu Tui’s fingers as he walked.

Xu Tui had basically understood this energy overflow circle. It was control and competition.

First, he could not allow the elite alien invaders to absorb the pure Origin Energy gushing out of the tunnel without restraint to improve themselves. This is especially so in the inner circle. Under the current confrontation, 99% of the energy in the inner circle had fused into the Mars ground.

This was also the reason why the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, only stood in confrontation and did not attack. Once the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, fought with the Black Eagle, the situation in the inner circle would lose control. A large number of alien invasion elites could rush into the inner circle and absorb pure Origin Energy.

These alien invasion elites could naturally absorb this pure Origin Energy to improve themselves. Once they were released and allowed to absorb it in the inner circle, it would not be long before their strength would increase by a percentage.

Under such circumstances, a confrontation was better than a chaotic battle.

The second was to fight for the Origin Crystals.

They would fight for the territories in the energy overflow circle and the Origin Crystals to constantly create an advantage in battle. There was a strategic dispatcher from the Phobos’ Combat Command who was on duty and coordinating command in the middle of the 25th circle.

If anything went out of control, they would immediately command the team to fill in the gap. The mobile team that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were in was not under their command for the time being.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie walked half a circle around the energy overflow circle. The teams in the outermost circle, including the alien invaders who were about to enter the circle, all understood that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were about to enter the circle to fight.

However, under normal circumstances, the two-person team was not too strong.

“Come here. Help us guard the back. We’ll attack the inside. You guys occupy our positions and look for an opportunity.” A team from the European Sector immediately suggested when they saw Xu Tui and Yan Lie looking for an opportunity.@@novelbin@@

After all, the outermost circle was very large. The outermost circle had a radius of 500 meters and a circumference of more than 3,000 meters.

The newly arrived alien invaders and human teams were all gathered in the outermost circle. The outermost area was also the most chaotic and dangerous. If they want to attack inside, they have to find the right opportunity. Otherwise, they would be attacked from both sides, and might lose their lives here.

Yan Lie was a little moved when he heard that, but he did not respond. Instead, he looked at Xu Tui.

“Thank you!” Xu Tui’s polite refusal even caused the handsome man from the European Sector to be displeased. It was also at this moment that a chaotic battle erupted in Xu Tui’s nine o’clock direction.

Originally, in the 50th circle, the humans and the alien invasion elites were basically occupying half for each other. The two human teams that had just arrived wanted to expand the area they occupied, so they attacked. However, it immediately attracted the attention of the elites of the alien invasion.

The elite alien invaders behind them surrounded them and instantly killed a student. The students also took the initiative to provide support.

Seeing that a chaotic battle was about to unfold, Zhu Lang, who had already entered the 40th circle to command, suddenly shouted.

“Silver Leopard Battle Team, attack the enemy and hold the back. The rest of you, retreat. Hold your positions. Don’t panic first!”

As he spoke, a three-man team on the 47th circle instantly charged out. It was a long-range supernatural attack. There were two people in the Silver Leopard team who were supernatural beings. The long-range supernatural attack immediately severely injured the two alien invasion elites and separated the bloody battle that was about to happen.

The alien invasion elites also joined forces, but they were dispersed under Zhu Lang’s command. The entire energy overflow circle once again returned to a state of confrontation. There were only sporadic battles.

Xu Tui frowned. It was a pure confrontation.

Was this a strategy? Or was the Combat Command of Phobos holding back?