Chapter 485 - The Tunnel And The Mars Base

Chapter 485: The Tunnel and the Mars Base

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The Energy Overflow Tunnel was the most important resource on Mars at the moment. It was also one of the most mysterious places on Mars. Currently, among the five major Mars bases established by humans on Mars, every base has an Energy Overflow Tunnel.

An Energy Overflow Tunnel would appear during the energy tide on Mars. After the energy tide ended, the Energy Overflow Tunnel would also dissipate.

However, after humans set foot on Mars, they had gone through many aspects of research, including the research on the former abandoned base and the way the alien invaders used the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

They discovered that the Energy Overflow Tunnel could be fixed for a long time through special technology. So the five Mars bases were based here. The Energy Overflow Tunnel that had been fixed for a long time would continue to surge out energy after the energy tide ended.

Of course, the outflow would be greatly reduced. But it was sustainable. With the current technology, the energy that surged out could be collected and used. Moreover, some Origin Energy Crystals would surge out during the process.

This was the largest source of Origin Crystals. It could be said that this Energy Overflow Tunnel was a continuous source of Origin Crystals.

Back then, they had paid a huge price to establish the five Mars bases. However, they had also gained a lot. For example, at the current Huaya Mars base, the monthly collection of Origin Energy and Origin Crystals was divided by the various genetic committees in the Huaya Sector.

It was said that the Huaxia Sector accounted for 70%. The Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector each took up 10%. It was also said that the Huaxia Sector took up 55%. The Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector each took up 15%.

The Mars bases in the other sectors were not purely monopolized by a certain sector. They had helped each other when they established the Mars bases of the various sectors. There was a certain amount of benefits to be shared. For example, the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector had a different proportion of the gains from the Mars base of the Africa Sector.

No matter how they split it, this Energy Overflow Tunnel was definitely the most important resource.

Over the years, the India Sector had jumped up and down to establish a Mars base of the India Sector. It was also for the continuous and fixed gains in the Energy Overflow Tunnel. The India Sector was ranked second in the total population of the Blue Star. However, the number of top-notch planetary-level powerhouses in the India Sector was ranked last.

Currently, there were only four that were publicly known. There was only one more than the Africa Sector.

This was extremely important to the resources they continuously obtained every year. However, the various sectors aren’t just pure opposition to India Sector setting up a Mars base by occupying a Energy Overflow Tunnel that was for the India Sector. Instead, the various sectors would have to pay a huge price.

However, the India Sector was extremely tight on the distribution of benefits to occupy the Energy Overflow Tunnel and establish the Mars base. They were unwilling to give in, so they had never succeeded.

Of course, if they were to give in, it was better not to set up a Mars base of the India Sector.

Why did he say that?

This was related to the elite alien invaders who entered the Mars battlefield during the Mars energy tide every year.

The surging energy during the Mars energy tide was naturally a great tonic for these elite alien invaders. But what nourished them the most was the energy gushing out of the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Perhaps the elites of the alien invasion had a natural energy perception, or perhaps they had a special energy perception method. When the Energy Overflow Tunnel appeared, these alien invaders, especially the elite extraterrestrial invaders, would spontaneously gather towards the Energy Overflow Tunnel. As long as they stood near the tunnel, they would be able to absorb a large amount of energy to improve themselves.

If they wanted to solidify the Energy Overflow Tunnel for a long time, they had to do it before the energy tide began to subside. Otherwise, they would not have been able to strengthen the Energy Overflow Tunnel. So they had to deal with these elite alien invaders, including the organized Mechanical Spirit and Fission Army that had spontaneously gathered.

Under normal circumstances, this was almost impossible!

Back then, when the Huaya Sector first solidified the Energy Overflow Tunnel to establish the Huaya Mars base, a total of seven Energy Overflow Tunnels appeared on Mars during the energy tide.

All the elite alien invaders were actually split into seven. Although the Huaya Sector had paid a huge price to establish their first Mars base, in reality, they had endured the least pressure.

The second base on Mars was the American Sector. That year, there were six Energy Overflow Tunnels that appeared during the energy tide on Mars. The extraterrestrial elites were divided into six parts. In fact, the Huaya Mars base that had already been built also shared a certain amount of pressure. The Mars base of the America Sector was thus successfully built. Moreover, with the experience of the Huaya Sector, the price to pay was relatively small.

The unluckiest was actually the European Sector.

The European Sector was the fourth to establish a Mars base. It was originally expected that there would be four Energy Overflow Tunnels. The pressure was not too great when the extra-terrestrial elites were divided into four.

However, that year, for some reason, only three tunnels appeared. The European Sector instantly bore the attack pressure of a third of the extraterrestrial elites. They had almost failed. At the last moment, it was said that they gave a portion of the benefits to the American Sector and obtained strong support from them. Only then did the base be established successfully.

The fifth to establish a Mars base was the Africa Sector.

The Africa Sector knew that they were not strong enough. Due to the fact that the number of Energy Overflow Tunnels was decreasing, the difficulty had increased greatly. Before the establishment, they had publicly invited the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, the European Sector, and the American Sector to help them. They generously gave up their share of benefits.

However, the Africa Sector was quite lucky. That year, there were three Energy Overflow Tunnels. The pressure was even smaller than when the European Sector established the Mars base.

The technology of the India Sector was relatively backward. Furthermore, they did not do their best during the early stages of the large-scale extraterrestrial invasion, especially during the Moon battle. They even made a huge mistake in order to obtain benefits. When they reacted later and came to Mars through various methods, they were a little dumbfounded.

Damn it, there were only two Energy Overflow Tunnels left! If they wanted to establish their own Mars base, they would have to withstand the siege of half of the extraterrestrial invaders. The pressure was unprecedented.

It was simply too much pressure!

The sectors would not send elites to sacrifice themselves for the India Sector for nothing. What was worse was that in the next 50 years, during the annual energy tide on Mars, the number of Energy Overflow Tunnels would constantly change between one and two.

In a certain year, during the entire energy tide, there would only be an extremely powerful Energy Overflow Tunnel. In a certain year, two might appear. Occasionally, there would only be one Energy Overflow Tunnel every two to three years during the energy tide. If there was really only one Energy Overflow Tunnel, the difficulty for the India Sector to solidify the Energy Overflow Tunnel would be hell-like!

However, there was no pattern to the appearance of one or two Energy Overflow Tunnels during the annual energy tide on Mars.

The India Sector was also the unlucky kind. In the past 50 years, they had tried four times to solidify the Energy Overflow Tunnel and establish a Mars base of the India Sector. However, three times, they encountered Hell Mode. There was only one Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Of course, although the India Sector was stubborn, they were not stupid. Other than the fact that they had suffered heavy losses after encountering Hell Mode for the first time, they had long given up in the last two encounters when they knew that it was Hell Mode.

The only time they were lucky was when two Energy Overflow Tunnels appeared on Mars during the energy tide.

That time was 15 years ago.

The India Sector had almost used all their strength to solidify the gushing Energy Overflow Tunnel and establish a Mars base unique to the India Sector. Unfortunately, they failed on the verge of success. The worst thing was that the India Sector had suffered a huge loss because of that incident. More than a quarter of the elites of that generation 15 years ago had died in battle in the India Sector.

It was still a failure!

However, that battle had also allowed the India Sector to accumulate a lot of experience. Over the years, the India Sector had been jumping up and down, accumulating strength and constantly trying.

Especially in the past few years, the India Sector would make preparations to solidify the Energy Overflow Tunnel every year. Once they got lucky, they would try to establish a Mars base without hesitation.

Whether or not the India Sector could move this year depended on whether there would be a second Energy Overflow Tunnel. However, regardless of whether the India Sector could move or not, the various sectors had to fight for control of the vicinity of the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

If they left it alone, it was possible to allow those elite alien invaders to absorb energy to improve themselves and advance to the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

In 2076, when the Russian Federation first established a Mars base, such a mechanism had not been formed.

There was a genetic evolver from the Dissimilate Clan who crazily absorbed energy during this period and continuously strengthened his body, reaching the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm. Before the energy tide ended, it soared into the sky. An energy shockwave destroyed the artificial satellite that had just been built by the American Sector.

Then, under his lead, the extraterrestrial invasion elites attacked the Mars base of the American Sector at the last moment. If not for the help of the few sectors, the Mars base of the American Sector would have fallen.

It was also the reason for the current competition for control of the vicinity of the tunnel. Human genetic newcomers could not directly absorb the energy that surged out of the tunnel. If they wanted to use it, they had to collect and convert it through special devices.

However, humans could use Origin Crystals! Moreover, the energy gushing out of the tunnel would quickly dissipate. It would not disappear, but dissipate to Mars.

Concentration was very important! For example, the closer one was to the Energy Overflow Tunnel, the higher the concentration and the more important the location. Even if humans did not fight with the extraterrestrial invaders to the death, as long as they occupied a certain area of the terrain and harassed these extraterrestrial invaders, they could very well stop these extraterrestrial invaders from using their energy to improve themselves.

At the same time, the human elites could also pick up some Origin Crystals. Therefore, there was a certain degree of danger around the Energy Overflow Tunnel. However, there were still many people going. Moreover, as long as they went, they would be rewarded with basic contribution points.

Otherwise, it would not do if too few people from the human side went and were swallowed by the alien invasion elites.

On the way to the Area 18 of Mars, Xu Tui not only saw a few sky aircraft near the hills of Mount Los, he also saw many alien invasion elites moving toward the Energy Overflow Tunnel in groups.

Occasionally, Xu Tui and Yan Lie would encounter someone who was alone. The combination of the mental hammer and Yan Lie’s assassination was perfect. However, there were not many opportunities to pick up scraps. They only met one on the way to Area 18.

At noon on the 4th of February, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had just flown the sky aircraft to Area 18 of Mars. They had yet to confirm the range through the map when a huge pillar of light that was dozens of meters tall that kept expanding and spewing surged into the eyes of Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who were sitting in the pilot cabin of the sky aircraft.

There was no need to confirm from the map. The huge pillar of light was where the Energy Overflow Tunnel was!@@novelbin@@