Chapter 487 - Contribution Points And Battle For The Circle (2) Translator: Henyee Tr

Chapter 487: Contribution Points and Battle for the Circle (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

That was how this strategic coordination team came about.

“My name is Zhu Lang. I work for the Phobos’ Combat Command and am a member of the strategic coordination team. I am mainly responsible for the strategic arrangements of the students from the Huaxia Sector and the Africa Sector. Please show your identification.”

Zhu Lang was a little fat. His small eyes were shining. Xu Tui and Yan Lie reported their identities. The combination of a third-year and a first-year student stunned Zhu Lang for a moment. Then, his gaze shifted and landed on Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, the number one prodigy of the 2138th batch? The number one assassin, the number one saber on Mars, Yan Lie? I’ve seen the recording of your three strikes. They’re indeed sharp and fatal!”

Yan Lie’s expression turned a little bitter when he heard that. Damn it, he had gained a reputation! Just as Xu Tui had said, it was not easy to explain himself.

Zhu Lang, who was in front of him, was an expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm. Furthermore, he was definitely a veteran Genetic Evolver. He did not see anything special about the recording itself, which meant that Yan Lie’s undeserved reputation was not worth explaining.

“I’m not sure about the specific strength level of your team. How about this? I’ll classify you into the mobile team first. Go to the top of the hill over there to watch the battle first. Then, participate in the battle according to your own judgment. Of course, if there are needs on the battlefield, there might be temporary military orders. Please obey!” Zhu Lang said.

“Understood!” Xu Tui and Yan Lie replied at the same time.

“There’s something you have to pay attention to. The teams closest to the tunnel are currently the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, and the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong. They are in charge of restraining the number one alien elite, Black Eagle, and the others. Don’t disturb them,” Zhu Lang said.@@novelbin@@

“Understood.”

“Also, don’t be greedy for credit! Don’t be greedy for credit! Don’t be greedy for credit!” After saying the important things three times, Zhu Lang’s expression was very serious. “Only a genius who has lived long enough can grow into an expert. Otherwise, be it the number one prodigy of the Blue Star in the 2138th batch or the number one saber on Mars, they would only be a flash in the pan.”

“Understood. Thank you!”

Zhu Lang was very busy. There were constantly teams rushing over. After showing Xu Tui and Yan Lie the location, he went to work.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui and Yan Lie arrived at the waist of a hill. There were already two teams observing the situation here.

One of them even knew Yan Lie. He was also a third-year student from the American Sector. His name was Xitan, and he was ranked 17th on Yan Lie’s batch of students.

After greeting them, Xu Tui and Yan Lie observed the overall situation. They were about three kilometers away from the Energy Overflow Tunnel. They stood a little higher, so they could see clearly.

The blue surging energy that surged out of the Energy Overflow Tunnel covered a radius of about 1,000 meters. The energy nearest the tunnel was the densest. It was almost pure light blue. Then, every ten meters or so, the concentration of energy would decrease by a level.

At the outermost 1,000 meters, the energy concentration was only slightly thicker than the surrounding area. Occasionally, the Origin Crystals that surged out of the tunnel would also drop more and more as they got closer to the tunnel. However, the maximum drop radius was 500 meters. There were basically no Origin Crystals falling 500 meters away.

Under such circumstances, the most valuable area for the Blue Star humans was within 500 meters of the tunnel. Actually, for the elites of the alien invasion, once they stayed more than 500 to 600 meters away from the Energy Overflow Tunnel, there would be no value.

The further the distance, the lower the concentration of energy. The concentration was not even as high as some energy fluctuation points. Therefore, the focus of the two sides was actually an area with a radius of 500 meters with the Energy Overflow Tunnel as the core.

According to Xu Tui’s initial thoughts, there should be endless battles here. However, when Xu Tui arrived, he realized that there was more of a confrontation here.

There was no battle as Xu Tui had imagined. For example, the strongest alien invasion elite, Black Eagle, was standing ten meters away from the tunnel with a pair of black wings. The strongest Dragon of Huaxia on the Blue Star, Li Zhouchen, was standing opposite the Black Eagle. He was separated from the Black Eagle by an energy pillar. If he did not count the energy pillar, the distance between the two of them was only slightly more than 20 meters.

A battle could break out at any time! However, neither of them moved.

The Black Eagle did not move. Neither did Li Zhouchen.

It could be seen that a wisp of light blue energy had entered Black Eagle’s body before it landed on the ground. It was absorbed by the Black Eagle. However, most of the extremely pure light blue energy was not absorbed by anyone. It landed on the ground of Mars and instantly fused into the ground and disappeared.

The other invader closest to Black Eagle was a Fission golden eagle. It floated in the air and absorbed the lower concentration of energy. However, it did not dare to take a step forward.

Ten meters in front of the Black Eagle and ten meters behind it were empty. Other than Black Eagle and Li Zhouchen, there was no one else in the inner two circles of the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Although the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race was powerful, it only dared to absorb energy in the third circle. It did not dare to enter the inner circle to absorb the most concentrated energy.

The reason was that the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, was there.

There was deterrence!

As long as the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, stood in the inner circle, most of the alien invasion elites would not dare to enter the inner circle to absorb the highest concentration of energy. It caused the essence of the energy gushing out of the tunnel to fuse into the ground.

Whoever dared to enter without permission would definitely face the lightning attack of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen.

Someone had said that didn’t the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, have the Black Eagle to restrain him? However, in the third circle, there were also people staring at the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle.

Bobran, from the American Sector, was staring at the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle in the third circle. Once the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race dared to enter the second or even the first circle, he would attack with all his might. While he was attacking with all his might, he only needed the cooperation of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, to severely injure or even kill the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race.

Therefore, no matter how envious the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race was of the energy concentration in the first and second circles, it had to obediently stay in the third circle and not advance.

There was no one in the fourth circle 10 meters behind the Golden Eagle. Not only was that within the attack range of Bobran, but it was also within the attack range of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen. None of these lite extraterrestrial invaders dared to take the risk .

It could be said that just the two experts from the Blue Star, Li Zhouchen and Bobran, had basically controlled the highest concentration of energy in the inner circle of the tunnel. A large amount of Origin Energy fused back into the Mars ground after landing, preventing these elite alien invaders from absorbing it and quickly strengthening themselves.

The situation was a little complicated outside the fifth circle. After all, the fifth circle was more than 60 meters away from Li Zhouchen.

At the fifth circle, there were more elite extraterrestrial invaders. A total of three extraterrestrial invasion elites stayed in the fifth circle. There were four people from the Blue Star. There were scattered confrontations, but they were all very careful. That was because there were people in the sixth and seventh circles, and there were more and more of them. There were people who fought, but most of them stopped after contact. If they were not careful, they would be attacked from both sides and no one could save them. Most importantly, they had to collect Origin Crystals.

For example, Li Zhouchen and Bobran had the easiest time collecting Origin Crystals. After a quarter of an hour, three to five Origin Crystals would drop from the inner circle they were guarding. The two of them used their strength to collect them.

Similarly, the Black Eagle and the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle not only absorbed energy, but they also collected Origin Crystals.

It was the same for the other people in the outer circle. However, the situation became more complicated the further they went, and fewer Origin Crystals fell.

Once the battle erupted, it became more and more intense. This was especially so for the 50th circle. Every few minutes, a huge battle would erupt. Some would be seriously injured, while others would win.

After observing for half an hour, he did not find anyone who had died in battle. And as the battle progressed, deaths were definitely not rare. But those who could hold on gained a lot. Even if they defended the 50th circle, they would be able to obtain an Origin Crystal in an hour or two.

“What about us? When are we going to fight?” Yan Lie suddenly looked at Xu Tui. The sparkling Origin Crystals made him a little envious.