Chapter 494 - Our Big Picture, Let’S Get Angry First (1)

Chapter 494: Our Big Picture, Let’s Get Angry First (1)

Bu Luo, who was ranked second on the Hunting List, was a lightning-type supernatural being of the Dissimilate Clan. The most important characteristic of the Dissimilate Clan was that they could artificially strengthen themselves in one direction until they dissimilate into a characteristic.

The most obvious characteristic of the Extreme Branch of the Dissimilate Clan was the various sizes of giants.

As for Bu Luo, he was a lightning-type supernatural being. Under his dissimilation, some of the characteristics on his body, such as his hair, nails, and eyes, had a faint blue lightning color. It caused Bu Luo’s face to turn a little blue.

However, at this moment, Bu Luo’s blue face was red. He was so angry! He was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood! He, who was ranked second on the Extraterrestrial Elite Hunting List, had failed to ambush a rookie from afar.

It did not matter if he failed. A surprise attack was not 100% successful.

What made Bu Luo so angry that he wanted to vomit blood was that in order to launch a surprise attack on Xu Tui, he had caused the Huaxia Tiger, Zhao Hailong, to temporarily lose control. Zhao Hailong had directly attacked one of his clansmen. It caused his clansman to die on the spot.

However, his target, Xu Tui, was alive. Not only was he fine, but he also exploded two more heads with his sword.

At that moment, Bu Luo, who was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood, glared in Xu Tui’s direction. The mind power around his body fluctuated. Not far from him, the corner of Zhao Hailong’s mouth was filled with coldness. The spear in his hand and the longbow on his back were emitting energy. However, this energy field did not point at Bu Luo. Instead, it pointed at the alien invasion elites near Bu Luo.

The lightning supernatural being of the Mystery Branch attacked too quickly. Even Zhao Hailong could not stop him. However, Zhao Hailong could do something else!

This action shocked the group of alien invasion elites. Not only did they assume a defensive posture, but they also took a few steps back. They did not want to become a wronged ghost! They did not want the combat area occupied by the humans in the innermost circles to become larger.

It also made the nearby human teams extremely excited. If they did it again, they would be able to expand their territory. For human teams, the larger the territory they occupied, the higher the chance of picking up the spewing Origin Crystals. Who did not like the idea of getting rich?

In the innermost circle, the Black Eagle that was confronting Li Zhouchen let out a cold grunt of dissatisfaction. In the end, the slightly hot-tempered Bu Luo once again restrained Zhao Hailong with his mind power and gave up on the urge to launch a surprise attack on Xu Tui.

Among them, the most important thing was that Bu Luo was no longer confident. Previously, Bu Luo had used his lightning superpower to attack Xu Tui three times. This was actually Bu Luo’s strongest attack at this distance.

In the end, Xu Tui did not die. He survived. If he were to do it again, he would be able to regain some face if he could kill Xu Tui. If Xu Tui managed to hold on again, Zhao Hailong might have killed another one.

In that case, Bu Luo might anger the extraterrestrial elites! Although these extraterrestrial elites belonged to different races, they had a prerequisite for coming to the Mars battlefield: unity. On the Mars battlefield, there was only one enemy for the alien invasion—humans!

Seeing that Bu Luo’s mind power had returned to his body, Zhao Hailong did not care. The light of his spear flickered slightly, and his aura locked onto Bu Luo from afar. As long as Bu Luo made any abnormal movements, he would be able to erupt immediately. It would explode behind Bu Luo.

Bu Luo was also very helpless. He wanted to curse. He wanted to curse Zhao Hailong’s mother. He was too helpless. If Zhao Hailong did not attack the extraterrestrial elites behind him and directly attacked him, he would have taken the risk to attack and kill Xu Tui again. Even if he was distracted and took Zhao Hailong’s attack head-on, he would definitely be injured!

This was the innermost area of the energy overflow circle. The concentration of energy was terrifying. After being injured, he would absorb energy crazily. It would not take long for his injuries to recover.

However, Zhao Hailong did not meet his expectations, making him very helpless.

On the 45th circle, Xu Tui turned his body slightly and looked in Bu Luo’s direction.

Bu Luo was sensing him with his mental perception. He was also using his mental perception to sense Bu Luo! However, because the distance was more than 335 meters, Xu Tui used his blurry perception.

Bu Luo did not feel anything, but the aura that Xu Tui sensed was also very blurry. Just now, the aura that had cut into Xu Tui’s mind power domain had dissipated. Xu Tui knew that Bu Luo had temporarily given up on killing him.@@novelbin@@

Just now, Xu Tui had come up with several plans to deal with Bu Luo’s lightning attack. Of course, they all had to pay a price.

Xu Tui even wondered if he should think of a way to cooperate with the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, to make a big move if Bu Luo was harassing him. However, since Bu Luo had retreated, there was no need for Xu Tui to take the risk for the time being. Most importantly, he had not gotten back so many gains.

Xu Tui had killed two elites of the Dissimilate Clan with his sword just now. Only one of them had an Origin Crystal bag. He flicked it with his mind power and put it away. He felt a little pity when he saw the corpses of the two elites. Killing one of them is only worth 100 contribution points. However, a complete corpse was worth 500 contribution points.

This harvest was really not bad. Unfortunately, he could not get it back in his current state. There was nothing he could do!

Yan Lie had already returned to Xu Tui’s side. His blade was cold. He felt a little uncomfortable when Xu Tui asked him to do it just now. He always felt that Xu Tui was releasing a dog. He was like a dog pouncing out to bite when his owner shouted.