Chapter 490 - A Killing Strike And Retreat (1)

Chapter 490: A Killing Strike and Retreat (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Five Origin Crystals that were smaller than a fingernail were close to eight grams. They were of all colors, but they were not transparent mind power Origin Crystals. However, this harvest was not bad.

For those who stood in the outermost circle, they would be able to pick up a small piece in half an hour if they were lucky. They would only be able to pick up a piece in an hour or two if they were not.

Moreover, this was the gain of a team. It would be even less if there were three to five people in the team.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had obtained nearly eight grams of Origin Crystals after killing the four elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race. It was equivalent to guarding the outer circle for half a day.

This reminded Xu Tui of a saying: Those who kill and set fire wear a golden belt. Of course, it was to kill the alien invaders!

“You keep it?” Yan Lie gathered the Origin Crystals together and wanted to throw them to Xu Tui.

What Yan Lie meant was that Xu Tui was much stronger than him. It would be safer to put the Origin Crystals he obtained on Xu Tui.

However, Xu Tui shook his head and smiled at Yan Lie. “You should keep it.”

Yan Lie was slightly stunned when he saw Xu Tui’s bright smile. He reacted. As he nodded, he cursed inwardly. Xu Tui wanted him to attract more attention. An assassin who fought in close combat was already in a tense and even dangerous situation. If he had any valuable spoils of war on him, he would definitely become the enemy’s first target.

However, Yan Lie was not angry at all. The stronger the glow on his body, the greater the disregard the others had for Xu Tui. The easier it was for someone to be unlucky.

Next, it would depend on who this unlucky fellow was!

Perhaps it was because Yan Lie had displayed his gains of the five Origin Crystals in a high-profile manner, or perhaps someone wanted to take the opportunity to kill Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

Why did he say that he was taking the opportunity?

The Silver Leopard battle team in the 47th circle had just started to charge in while Xu Tui and Yan Lie were controlling the power behind them. Not only had they reached the 46th circle, but they had also reached the 45th.

It caused the situation in a few circles to fluctuate, especially the Blue Star Human Team from the 40th to 70th circles. Their attention was focused on the inner circle. They were always prepared to take advantage of the situation to expand their gains and support the Silver Leopard battle team.

In this energy overflow circle, the collective benefits were greatly magnified. Anyone who wanted to fight alone without a collective mindset was no different from courting death. Under such circumstances, more than ten of the alien invasion elites near Xu Tui in the 50th circle had already placed their attention on Xu Tui.

The three Fission elites who were closest to Xu Tui in the 49th circle also called out to the people nearby. They vaguely had the intention of surrounding Xu Tui and Yan Lie. The alien invasion elites near the 48th circle also moved. The teams around Xu Tui also began to intentionally lean toward Xu Tui to share the burden.

“Yan Lie, retreat slightly and widen the distance. Increase the distance of their surprise attack. They won’t dare to attack rashly!” A team behind him reminded.

Yan Lie subconsciously looked at Xu Tui and asked him what he meant.

A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He looked at Yan Lie and said, “Do you dare to play rough?”

“I’m just afraid that you didn’t play it hard enough!” Yan Lie’s words made Xu Tui want to complain. This fellow had started to set up a persona.

Arrogant, ruthless, and unrestrained! However, Xu Tui liked having such a persona in front of him.

“Then let’s play!” As soon as Xu Tui said that, the dozen or so elite alien invaders who were pressing toward Xu Tui and Yan Lie were shocked.

Their expressions became extremely vigilant. The human teams nearby were also tempted. In the silent confrontation, no one had a chance. However, once they attacked, everyone would have a chance! Only in muddy waters would they have a chance.

However, the first person to stir up trouble would definitely bear the greatest pressure!@@novelbin@@

Almost as soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Xu Tui, who had already told Yan Lie about the battle plan through spiritual resonance, a mental fluctuation appeared.

Yan Lie’s figure instantly disappeared.

Xu Tui activated the Mountain Formula. A huge mountain smashed fiercely toward the tiger-headed Fission Clan member who had been severely injured by Xu Tui and had recovered most of his strength.

The tiger-headed Fission Race member instantly became extremely nervous. The attack from Xu Tui’s flying sword just now had caused him to split once. His strength had been halved on the spot. If not for the fact that this was the energy overflow circle, the clone that he had proactively split open wouldn’t have recovered after absorbing the energy. Otherwise, he could consider withdrawing from the battle circle. Therefore, he was fully focused when Xu Tui attacked.

The five people gathered behind him also instantly formed a defensive formation. Someone launched an attack into the sky and shattered Xu Tui’s mountain. Someone was sensing with all his might, wanting to intercept and snipe or even kill Yan Lie.

Yan Lie’s kill move of one strike one kill on Mars was not for show. There were even people who carefully stared at Xu Tui, wary of his flying sword. This was especially so when Xu Tui’s flying sword rose. The expressions of the Fission Race became extremely nervous.

Whoosh!

The sound of air being torn apart rang out.

However, the moment the flying sword moved, regardless of whether the flying sword hit them or not, the Fission Race members in the 50th circle immediately assumed a defensive posture.

But when the sound of flying swords piercing through the air rang out, they realized that none of them had been attacked.

At this moment, a scream came from more than ten meters away.

One of the three Fission Race members who had been pressuring Xu Tui and Yan Lie on the 49th circle more than ten meters away was pierced through the middle of his head by a silver light.