Chapter 496 - Our Big Picture, Let’S Get Angry First (3)

Chapter 496: Our Big Picture, Let’s Get Angry First (3)

“Akkin, right? We were unlucky. What you got was indeed an empty bag.”

The moment Xu Tui said that, the elites who were watching the show revealed disappointed expressions again. The surrounding human teams and Zhu Lang finally heaved a sigh of relief. It would be troublesome if there was an internal strife here. Even if they dealt with it according to the emergency plan, it might cause great chaos or even cause a large number of casualties.

Zhu Lang could not help but glance at Xu Tui. This young man was not bad.

Akkin’s nostrils puffed out cold air. He did not appreciate the kindness at all. He still had that annoying expression, which made Yan Lie furious!

“Are you doing this for the big picture?” Yan Lie, who was leaning closer, asked in a low voice.

“The big picture? A little. But most importantly, it’s for our own sake,” Xu Tui replied.

“Why do you say that?”

“Do you really want to kill Akkin?” Xu Tui asked.

“You’re a coward if you say you don’t want to!” Yan Lie had a furious expression.

Xu Tui chuckled when he heard that. “But what will happen if you kill that coward in this situation?”

Yan Lie glanced in Akkin’s direction. “If we attack first, would that be taking the initiative to fight among ourselves? Would we be guarded against by all the human teams present? Or even hostility?”

“That’s right. Not only will we be punished according to the battle rules after the battle, but once the human team starts to be wary of the two of us, they might even isolate us. This is very fatal at the critical moment! If we were a step slower when restraining or rescuing, we might suffer greatly! Therefore, let’s put it aside for now. There’s no need to cause us even more trouble,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, I’ll let this bastard off easy. That’s at least two Origin Crystals, maybe three or even four grams!” Yan Lie was dissatisfied!

“It’s fine. Let’s save it up. We’ll have plenty of opportunities in the future.” Xu Tui’s voice was filled with coldness. Just because he could not do it now did not mean that he could not do it in the future! After he finished speaking, Xu Tui suddenly smiled. “Let’s go. Let’s return to our position. Then, we’ll anger this bastard.”

“Back to our position? Can they give way?” Yan Lie was stunned!

“So what if they don’t! Wouldn’t it be over if we charged again? Could it be that you can’t do it?” Xu Tui teased.

“You’re the one who can’t do it! I’m awesome!”

In the next moment, Yan Lie instantly entered a combat state. He took light and strange steps. The aura around his body was faintly discernible as he led the way in front. The flying sword above Xu Tui’s head buzzed. It was ready to attack.

The nearby alien invasion elites were all shocked. They either retreated or defended together. Both Yan Lie’s saber and Xu Tui’s flying sword were too lethal.

In the next moment, Yan Lie laughed! They gave up! The elite alien invaders who had occupied the combat area in the 43rd circle retreated. They made way for Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

They formed an eight-person defense team with the other four people behind them. They stared intently at Xu Tui. There were all kinds of energy shields and physical shields in front of them. They were trying their best to defend Xu Tui and Yan Lie.@@novelbin@@

“This… is a little boring.” Yan Lie, who had returned to the 43rd circle, felt a little helpless. He actually wanted to fight! It felt good to kill with Xu Tui cooperating with him. It felt extremely good! Unfortunately, the guys in front of him actually retreated.

“Oh, yes, how do I anger that guy?” Yan Lie asked softly when Xu Tui arrived.

“He took two of our Origin Crystals and thought that he had taken advantage of us. You can count your gains now and make him drool. Make him angry first,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Yan Lie was stunned. He smiled and nodded. “That’s true! Then I’ll count my gains!”

Immediately, Yan Lie took out the dozen or so Origin Crystal bags that he had gathered previously and poured out a pile of Origin Crystals. He happily counted them in front of everyone.

Beside him, Xu Tui’s flying sword slowly spun. A mental hammer had silently condensed.