Chapter 492 - Battle Area And Seven Kills

Chapter 492: Battle Area and Seven Kills

The 43rd circle.

Xu Tui had just stepped into the range of the 43rd circle. He maintained a distance of seven to eight meters from Yan Lie. His gaze swept past the intersection of the 42nd circle of human teams and the alien invasion elites.

Xu Tui did not need to take on an offensive stance. The elite alien invaders in the 42nd circle had already taken on a defensive stance. This was especially so since one of the Dissimilate Clan elites was an earth-type superb individual. Xu Tui could sense that he had already assumed a defensive posture.

Under the control of his supernatural power, the ground under his feet could form various forms of attack and defense at any time. Other people would have to pay a higher price to invade this range.

This was especially so for Xu Tui’s superpower. It was more about instantiation.

Instantiation affected the external environment internally and mobilized the power of the external environment. Therefore, Xu Tui’s ability of the School of General Senses was still affected.

However, Xu Tui’s mental hammer would not be affected. If he used the mental hammer to pave the way, he should have the possibility of advancing to the 42nd circle.

However, the humanoid Mechanical Spirit elite who had blocked Xu Tui’s flying sword attack was also very strong. It was not just the alien invasion elites in the 42nd circle. The alien invasion elites in the 41st and even the 40th circle were watching Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s actions.

Once Xu Tui and Yan Lie advanced again, they might take the opportunity to attack Xu Tui. Of course, the restraint of the surrounding human teams was not for nothing. Even if they could attack Xu Tui and Yan Lie, not many people could participate in the siege.

However, in the end, Xu Tui did not continue to attack. Instead, he decided to rest for a while. The reason why they decided to rest and reorganize was not because the enemy had assumed a complete defensive posture, nor was it because the enemy was too strong.

It was because of Yan Lie’s condition.

Yan Lie was panting slightly. In the continuous battle just now, Yan Lie had obtained Xu Tui’s cooperation and completed 13 kills. Whether it was physical strength or energy field, it consumed a lot of energy.

Of course, Yan Lie could still continue fighting. With Yan Lie’s physical fitness and energy field, it would not be a problem for him to kill 13 more times. However, if that was the case, he would become an outlaw!

“How is it? Did you have a good time?” Xu Tui, who had stopped in his tracks, suddenly looked at Yan Lie and laughed.

“Awesome! This feels too f*cking good! I’ll charge and you’ll bring up the rear. How about we have another wave of 13 kills?” Yan Lie laughed loudly, once again setting up his character.

“I’ve expended a lot of energy. I need to recover and rest for a while.” Since that was the case, Xu Tui took the initiative to cooperate with Yan Lieshu.

Xu Tui had cooperated with Yan Lie to complete 13 kills just now, while he had 5 kills. He had consumed a lot of mind power. This was especially so for the mental hammer, even though he retracted it in the end. Due to the consumption of mind power, the amount of mind power retracted would only be about 5%.

After the continuous battles, Xu Tui’s mind power had dropped by less than 70%. But with this number, Xu Tui would have no problems fighting a few more battles. However, he still let Yan Lie rest for a while. Xu Tui could also observe and understand the enemies in the inner circle.

Of course, Xu Tui had to carry the title of weak. He could not mess up Yan Lie’s image of The Number One Saber.

“You need to rest so quickly. You’re a little weak!” Yan Lie smiled at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not explain. He only said again, “Let’s rest for a while and count the spoils of war. I like to count my spoils of war!”

“Money-grubber!” Yan Lie cooperated and scolded Xu Tui jokingly. He retreated to Xu Tui’s side and moved slightly closer to the nearby human team to count the spoils of war.

At the side, the alien invasion elites in the 42nd circle heaved a sigh of relief, but they were also a little disappointed. They had actually hoped that Xu Tui and Yan Lie would attack just now. They were prepared to attack. If they unleashed their full strength, they might be able to kill the two human geniuses, Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

That’s right! A human genius!

After the battle just now, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had become the human geniuses that were truly worthy of attention in the minds of the extraterrestrial invasion elites. Unfortunately, not only did Xu Tui and Yan Lie choose to rest, but they also chose to shrink their defenses slightly.

This way, their attack distance had become longer and the human team behind Xu Tui would be able to provide support. They would not dare to attack for the time being.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had stabilized at the 43rd circle. However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had been killing their way through the seven outer circles.

None of the human teams who could make it here were stupid. When Xu Tui and Yan Lie started to charge toward the 48th and 47th circles, the few human teams who had just rushed over would fill in. Some human teams also took the opportunity to quickly advance into the inner circle. A team took advantage of Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s momentum and rushed in two circles in one go.

There were seven teams from the human team who rushed in at the same time. They filled the empty space after Xu Tui and Yan Lie charged forward.

This way, the conflict would arise again.

The seven outer circles that Xu Tui and Yan Lie had just killed once again became filled with battle cries. The counterattack of the alien invasion elites was extremely ferocious.

The reason was simple. They had lost a large amount of territory in a short period of time. They had to snatch it back!

Why did they say that?

Actually, if one looked down at the entire energy overflow circle, it was a little like a circular area square battle. The entire area was divided into 50 circles, each circle about 10 to 15 meters wide. However, the circumference of each circle was different.

The innermost circle was the circle where the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, was confronting the Black Eagle. It was nearly 15 meters wide and had a circumference of 40 meters. It was actually only divided into two squares.

One square for the Black Eagle, and one square for Li Zhouchen. They occupied the place and had a confrontation.

The second circle’s circumference doubled compared to the first circle. It exceeded 80 meters. The Fission race’s Golden Eagle and Bobran were confronting each other. However, in the end, due to the deterrence of the Black Eagle and Li Zhouchen, only these two people were confronting each other in the second circle. It was also split into two squares.

Outside the second circle, the subdivision was basically normal. The width of each square was fixed at 10 to 15 meters. The length of each square was about 20 to 30 meters. Depending on the number of people in the team, this fixed range fluctuated slightly.

Those with a large number of people in the team could fix a length of 30 to 40 meters. The width would also increase slightly. The range would also decrease slightly for those teams who had fewer people, but not by much. After all, the radius of the rapid reaction battle was only so large.

If there were any more, they would be easily surrounded.

Actually, based on this rough estimate, the entire 500-meter radius of the energy overflow circle was roughly divided into nearly 2,000 combat areas. Before this, the 2,000 combat areas were basically balanced. In reality, the alien invasion elites controlled a little more, while the human teams controlled a little less.

However, it was only a difference of 50 squares. Moreover, this gap was constantly expanding. It was not that the human teams could not do it. Instead, in the energy overflow circles, the elites of the alien invasion had a natural advantage.

The elites of the alien invasion could directly absorb the energy that surged out. As long as they stood here, they could continuously strengthen themselves and quickly recover from their injuries.

Under such circumstances, if the alien invasion elites were injured in the battle, they could recover quickly. On the other hand, the human team was injured and could only leave dejectedly. It was already good enough that they could survive.

As they advanced and retreated, the advantage of the alien invasion elites continued to expand. The combat areas occupied by the alien invasion elites also increased. No human team could do anything about the natural advantage of the alien invasion elites.

It was the same for the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen. That was why he chose the strategy that could restrain the alien invasion elites—confrontation! Otherwise, it would be a chaotic battle.

Although the humans could gain something, the energy gushing out of the tunnel could be greatly used by the alien invasion elites.

Not to mention anything else, just the low-level mechanical spirit beast army that was cruising in the distance would have no problem increasing the number of Genetic Mutation Realm floating mechanical spirit beasts whose energy fluctuations had reached three bars after they rushed over to absorb the energy for a few hours.

Therefore, confrontation and control were the main tenets of this energy overflow circle.

The elites of the alien invasion who were already in position were not in a hurry. They continued to improve themselves and slowly expanded their advantage. They did not have to sacrifice themselves. They could improve themselves and gain something. Why not?

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s advance just now had taken a huge turn. In an instant, they had fought for seven combat areas for the human team.

The total number of combat areas was limited. If there were seven more human teams, there would be seven fewer alien invasion elites. This increase and decrease was the difference of 14 combat areas.

The elites of the alien invasion were also anxious. Therefore, the moment Xu Tui and Yan Lie started to rest, they launched an extremely powerful counterattack on the teams that had followed behind Xu Tui and Yan Lie. They wanted to take back a portion of the combat areas that they had lost.

At the same time, the elite alien invaders in the 42nd circle protected the fire-type supernatural being from the Dissimilate Clan. They pressed forward slightly, having the intention of restraining Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he saw this. “Yan Lie, why don’t you stab them again?”

In reality, Yan Lie, who had just started to rest, had already received Xu Tui’s other battle instructions through spiritual resonance.

There was deterrence!

In an instant, Yan Lie’s figure disappeared from the spot. The moment Yan Lie disappeared, the earth-type superb individual and the Mechanical Spirit instantly stopped in their tracks and focused on defense.

Yan Lie’s reputation as the Number One Saber was not just for show! Instead, he killed 13 people in a row in front of them. Including the battle in the 50th circle, he had already killed 16 people. They had to be wary.

It could be said that Yan Lie’s concealment had implicated all of them. At the same time, Xu Tui’s silver flying sword instantly swept behind him. It was like a silver guided missile that could be fired continuously.

A sonic boom rang out as silver light exploded. Every time the silver light exploded, an elite alien invader would die. It did not matter if he was from the Dissimilate Clan, the Mechanical Spirit Race, or the Fission Race.

Under the surprise attack of Xu Tui’s flying sword, none of the alien elites outside the 43rd circle could withstand a single strike from Xu Tui.

The flying sword flashed seven times in a row. It instantly destroyed the vital points of seven alien invasion elites.

Seven explosions, seven kills!

At this moment, the earth-type superb individual and the elite Mechanical Spirit suddenly reacted.

Yan Lie had been in hiding for so long, but he had not attacked. He was restraining them. Of course, that was a more civilized way of putting it. To put it crudely, Yan Lie was teasing them! Just his attack posture made the four of them not dare to move.

On the other hand, Yan Lie’s teammate, Xu Tui’s flying sword, was displaying its might there. It continuously shuttled through and killed their fellow members.

Seven kills had directly helped the human teams following behind to occupy the seven newly occupied combat areas. It had also taken up another area.

Xu Tui had killed seven people with seven strikes. However, the other teams had taken this opportunity to fight. They had killed more than seven elite alien invaders in the seven outer circles.

This scene immediately angered the elites of the alien invasion. This was a connected situation. They had to take action.

Just as they were moving at the same time to pressure Xu Tui and Yan Lie, Zhu Lang’s eyes lit up. He suddenly shouted, “Prepare for battle!”