Chapter 498 - Origin Crystal Reward And Combat Command’S Reward (2)

Chapter 498: Origin Crystal Reward and Combat Command’s Reward (2)

The combat area occupied by the human team was still passable. Of course, if more people left the defensive area, they might attract the attack of the alien invasion elites.

“I see.” Xu Tui nodded. No wonder he did not find a transparent mind power Origin Crystal even though he had taken so many Origin Crystals.

“Put it away.” Zhu Lang pointed at the pile of Origin Crystals that he used to fish. Yan Lie chuckled and quickly put them away.

“Commander Zhu, why are you here?” Xu Tui asked.

“Oh, did you use up most of your mind power in the previous battle?” Zhu Lang asked.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he heard that. Why did Zhu Lang ask this? Would there be any benefits?

“It’s indeed not much left, but I can still fight.” Xu Tui’s answer was very vague.

Previously, with Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s cooperation, Yan Lie had completed a total of 16 kills. Xu Tui had accumulated 15 kills. The two of them completed a total of 31 kills.

After the 31 kills, Xu Tui’s mind power still exceeded 60%. He could also kill another wave of 31 people. However, to a certain extent, Xu Tui had expended a lot of mind power. He had consumed nearly 40%!

“Okay.” Zhu Lang nodded. He took out a tightly sealed bottle of medicine from his special backpack and handed it to Xu Tui. “This is a Level B Active Energy Elixir. Not only can it quickly replenish physical strength, but it can also quickly recover energy field power and mind power. After consuming it, you would recover 10% of your mind power every 10 minutes for the next thirty minutes. It would begin to weaken half an hour later. The medicine lasted for an hour.

Those below the Genetic Transmutation Realm can recover at least 50% of their mind power within an hour.”

Xu Tui did not take it immediately. Instead, he asked in confusion, “Is it for me?”

“That’s right, this is a reward!”

“A reward?” Xu Tui was a little confused.

A Level B Active Energy Elixir was rather precious. Xu Tui had a bottle that Shamera had given him. He could not bear to use it. This was because Level B Active Energy Elixir could not be bought on the Blue Star. He could not buy it even if he had money. Xu Tui had prepared the bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir to save his life at a critical moment. He did not expect Zhu Lang to give him a bottle, and it was a reward.

The Moon base had this thing. It could also be exchanged. However, he could only use his contribution points or Origin Crystals to exchange for it. The extra-terrestrial still implemented individual contribution level benefits.

Different contribution levels had different purchase prices.

Only those with mid-grade Level E contribution level had the right to purchase it. The purchase price was 1,000 contribution points per bottle.

Every time an individual’s contribution level increased by a grade, the price would be discounted by 5%. In the Moon base, contribution level was more important. The discount was even greater for individuals with high-level contribution levels. It was a maximum of 50% discount. If an individual’s contribution level reached high-grade Level B, they could purchase this bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir for 500 contribution points.

Individual contribution level was quite valuable in the extra-terrestrial.@@novelbin@@

Of course, there was also a purchase limit. Or rather, there was no limit to exchanging Level B Active Energy Elixir with Origin Crystals. One gram of Origin Crystal in exchange for a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. It did not look like much, but this thing was actually quite expensive. One gram of Origin Crystals disappeared after he drank it.

It had to be known that most second-year and third-year students would only obtain five to 15 grams of Origin Crystals after participating in a Mars battle. If they exchanged it for the elixir, it would be gone after a few sips. Ordinary people could not afford it.

“You fought bravely and killed more than 10 elite alien invaders in this energy overflow circle. According to the rules, I can reward you with a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir on the spot unless it’s an emergency. It can be considered as helping you recover!” Zhu Lang explained.

“Hey, this reward is not bad.” Xu Tui happily took the rewards according to the rules of Phobos’ Combat Command.

Xu Tui had just accepted it when Yan Lie shouted, “I’ve also killed 16 people. My energy field power has also been greatly consumed.”

Zhu Lang was stunned. Thinking about it, it was true. Yan Lie really met the requirements.

“That’s true. I’ll reward you with a bottle.”

The surrounding human teams were also very envious. Although many second-year and third-year students had one or two bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir to save their lives, it would be a lie to say that they did not want the organization’s reward.

It was worth one gram of Origin Crystals!

On the contrary, the alien invasion elites nearby felt miserable when they saw Xu Tui drink the bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. F*ck, Xu Tui had stopped for a while just now because his mind power had been depleted. Now that he had suddenly been replenished with a Level B Active Energy Elixir, he would probably have a few more battles when his mind power was almost recovered.

“It tastes a little sweet. Do you want to give me another bottle?” Xu Tui said to Zhu Lang, who was about to leave after he finished drinking.

Zhu Lang was stunned for a moment. He shook his head and refused. “This thing is the military supplies of the Phobos’ Combat Command. I can only distribute it according to the rules.”

“No, didn’t you say that one would be rewarded with a bottle if they killed more than 10 elite alien invaders?”

“That’s right. That’s true.”

“Does the battle results accumulated by the team count?”

“Accumulated battle results of the team?”

“That’s right. I’m in the same team as Yan Lie. The two of us have already completed 31 kills. According to the rules, shouldn’t you reward us with another bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir? It just so happens that I could use it for backup during emergencies,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Zhu Lang froze. This arithmetic was so f*cking accurate! It was indeed 31 kills. It seemed like it was possible according to the rules. The reward rules of the Combat Command seemed to be fine if it was calculated individually, but it was also fine if it was calculated by the team.

“Alright, I’ll reward you with another bottle!” Zhu Lang threw Xu Tui another bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir before turning to leave.

Xu Tui beamed. He had obtained another gram of Origin Crystals. Currently, he had two bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir in his possession. He won’t have to panic at all with the life-saving medicine in his hand.

At the side, Yan Lie looked over eagerly. Before Yan Lie could say anything, Xu Tui complained. “You’re in your third year. You must have a Level B Active Energy Elixir in your hands, right? There must be. Don’t deny it!”

“Yes, but I only have one bottle.” Yan Lie, who understood what Xu Tui meant, suddenly became a little anxious.

“Then why didn’t you take it out earlier to recover my mind power? Are we still comrades?”

“We’re comrades, but not…” Yan Lie became anxious when Xu Tui said that. “Aren’t I asking you? I don’t have the time to take it out.”

“You didn’t say it anyway.”

Yan Lie was speechless.

Seeing that Yan Lie could not refute him, Xu Tui waved the bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir in his hand. “In that case, this bottle belongs to me. I won’t hold it against you.”

Yan Lie was depressed. He had mocked him for a long time just to get this bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. He should have said so earlier! If he had told him earlier, Yan Lie would have agreed long ago. He had been afraid that Xu Tui would misunderstand something. He only had time to ask Xu Tui. He did not have the time to take it out.