Chapter 497 - Origin Crystal Reward And Combat Command’S Reward (1)

Chapter 497: Origin Crystal Reward and Combat Command’s Reward (1)

How many Origin Crystal bags had Xu Tui and Yan Lie obtained? Whether it was the surrounding human teams or the alien invasion elites, they all knew that this was a large number. They had obtained a large number of Origin Crystals.

However, when Yan Lie poured out the Origin Crystals in more than 20 Origin Crystal bags, everyone’s gazes were fixed on him. Many people could not help but swallow.

There were many! There were really many Origin Crystals!

Among the 20-odd Origin Crystal bags, there was at least one Origin Crystal in each bag. Basically, the Origin Crystal bags from the outermost circle and the 49th circle had relatively few Origin Crystals. Most of them only had one or two.

However, there were at least two Origin Crystals in the bags in the 45th to 48th circles. Occasionally, three Origin Crystals would appear.

The Origin Crystal bags he obtained from the 43rd and 44th circles basically had three Origin Crystals. There was also a four-piece bag. Moreover, the Origin Crystal was clearly larger. Most of them had exceeded two grams.

As expected, the deeper he went into the energy overflow circle, the greater the rewards. He counted a total of 44 Origin Crystals.

After counting the small pile of Origin Crystals, Yan Lie could not stop smiling. However, if one observed carefully, they would realize that no matter how happy Yan Lie was, his right hand was still holding onto his short blade.

Xu Tui looked at the pile of Origin Crystals and smiled happily. The flying sword above his head slowly circled around. He did not seem to be paying attention to his surroundings. However, he carefully sensed his surroundings with his mental perception. The mental hammer that he had condensed a long time ago was ready to strike. If anyone was jealous and dared to snatch it, Xu Tui would hammer them without hesitation, be it the elites of the alien invasion or the humans.

Yan Lie would be able to solve the rest.

Fishing! That’s right. Xu Tui had asked Yan Lie to count the Origin Crystals in public to fish. It was very easy to kill those ignorant and greedy people. After all, it was still a little dangerous to break into the territory of the alien invasion elites and kill them. If he was not careful, he might be attacked from both sides.@@novelbin@@

“Almost 100 grams. Including the 8 grams of income from before, it’s definitely more than 100 grams of Origin Crystals!” Yan Lie smiled brightly.

The sound of Adam’s apples moving and swallowing could be heard from all directions. They had gained a lot! They had no choice but to be tempted! Many experts within the 40th circle also stared over. Unfortunately, they were a little far from here. They would probably die before they could reach the 43rd circle.

As for the elites around the 43rd circle who had the chance to attack, be it the humans or the alien invasion elites, they could only watch with envy. What a joke. They were not stupid! Xu Tui was clearly fishing. They wanted to swallow the bait, but they did not have the ability to break free from the hook. They could only watch with envy.

Not far away, Akkin looked at the pile of Origin Crystals with a burning gaze. Damn it, if he had such a pile of Origin Crystals, he would not have to worry about breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. He would definitely be able to break through! Not only could he break through, but his strength could also advance by leaps and bounds. What a pity. In this situation, he could only watch and not move.

“When it’s over, when the confrontation in the energy overflow circle is over…” Akkin swallowed and kept comforting himself.

The nearby alien invasion elites were also very envious. Their eyes were extremely bright. However, what made Xu Tui speechless was that these guys did not advance. Instead, they retreated. They looked envious, but they carefully retreated a few more meters.

Xu Tui was depressed. It seemed that they could tell that he wanted to fish. Originally, with the chaotic energy fluctuations inside and outside the energy overflow circle, no one would have noticed that he had already prepared a mental hammer. However, no one took the bait. They did not seem to be stupid.

It made sense. Those who could kill their way here were all elites. Whether it was the humans or the alien invasion elites, they were all elites. Their brain was not for show. Occasionally, a greedy and shameless guy like Akkin would appear. But the possibility of an idiot taking the bait was too low.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui had spent a few seconds condensing the mental hammer. He had no choice but to retract it. Of course, he did not relax his vigilance at all.

“By the way, are there still no transparent Origin Crystals?” Xu Tui suddenly asked with a frown.

“There are no transparent Origin Crystals.” Yan Lie suddenly raised his head and looked at Xu Tui. “Are you looking for transparent mind power Origin Crystals to replenish your mind power?”

Xu Tui nodded. He had this thought. However, in his current state, he was not extravagant enough to consume mind power Origin Crystals to replenish his mind power.

“Don’t you know? Ever since humans set foot on this Mars battlefield, no transparent mind power Origin Crystals have spewed out of the Energy Overflow Tunnel here. The Origin Crystals that spewed out here were all colored. Most of them are supernatural energy Origin Crystals of various types,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He had not noticed this before.

“Then where did the transparent mind power Origin Crystals on the market come from?” Xu Tui asked in shock.

“Kill! After killing those Genetic Transmutation Realm experts or even quasi-planetary-level powerhouses, they would produce transparent mind power Origin Crystals of different sizes after they died. The current mind power Origin Crystals all come from here. There are no other channels!” Zhu Lang’s voice suddenly rang out. He had arrived not far from Xu Tui and Yan Lie.