Chapter 495 - Our Big Picture, Let’S Get Angry First (2)

Chapter 495: Our Big Picture, Let’s Get Angry First (2)

Yan Lie knew very well that that was not the case. Xu Tui would tell him his intentions through spiritual resonance and get him to cooperate before he could intimidate the others or attract their attention. It was also because of this that Yan Lie and Xu Tui’s cooperation could be said to be godly.

However, Yan Lie looked at the battle recording recorded by his personal communication device. For some reason, he felt like Xu Tui was releasing a dog. The recording device could not record the spiritual resonance communication beforehand.

“Will the others have such thoughts after watching this battle recording?” Yan Lie suddenly felt inexplicably worried. Although he was worried, he could not miss out on serious matters.

Bu Luo’s lightning superpower had ambushed Xu Tui, causing Xu Tui and Yan Lie to instantly retreat to the 45th circle.

“What do you think? Do you want to fight your way back?” Yan Lie suggested.

“Of course!” As soon as he said that, the expressions of the alien invasion elites who had just occupied Xu Tui’s position changed drastically. “However, we have to retrieve the spoils of war first.”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Yan Lie at first. Then, he looked at the few members of the human team nearby.

“Everyone, the loot will go back to its owner. Let’s not talk about anything else. Please return the Origin Crystal bags of the seven invaders that my flying sword killed just now,” Xu Tui said to the human team members nearby.

This… was petty! Many of the team members were a little dissatisfied. This was wartime. During the battle, Xu Tui was actually conflicted about the ownership of the spoils of war. In the eyes of others, he was being petty. Not only was he petty, but he was also too narrow-minded.

As soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, five Origin Crystal bags were thrown toward him. Xu Tui turned his mind power and threw the Origin Crystal bags to Yan Lie. “Thank you!”

“We should be the ones thanking you for your help just now. It’s only right for us to return the spoils of war,” someone said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. He did not say anything else. He looked at the other two guys who had yet to return their spoils of war. One was from the India Sector, and the other was from the American Sector.

The guy from the India Sector finally threw the Origin Crystal bag to Xu Tui reluctantly under Xu Tui’s gaze. Xu Tui continued to use his mind power to pass it to Yan Lie.@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie took it and checked it. He nodded at Xu Tui. In any case, no one knew the quantity. At this moment, as long as they returned it and there was an Origin Crystal inside, they would be able to pass. No one would take numbers seriously.

Only the guy from the American Sector remained. He raised his head and did not retreat when he met Xu Tui’s gaze. He had no intention of returning it. He even had a look that said, “What can you do to me if I don’t return it?”

Xu Tui’s gaze turned cold.

Something was immediately wrong with the situation. Not far away, the elites of the alien invasion who were extremely familiar with the human race also watched this scene. They looked like they were watching a show. It would be fun if the humans had internal strife. That was their chance!

On the 40th circle, Zhu Lang’s expression darkened. “I once again declare the rules of the Mars battlefield! Those who fought for spoils of war would be subject to military law. Although most of you are not soldiers, as long as you enter the Mars battlefield and violate important combat rules, you will be punished according to military law! This is the regulation signed by the six alliances!”

Zhu Lang’s words were a warning. It made the expression of the muscular guy from the American Sector change. In the current situation of the Blue Star, such a matter would be settled after the war. It would apply to the Mars battle regulations. The laws of the Blue Star Sector could not withstand it.

As his gaze changed, the muscular man from the American Sector let out a cold grunt and threw the Origin Crystal bag to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui passed it over with his mind power to Yan Lie. The human teams nearby heaved a sigh of relief. The alien invasion elites not far away were a little disappointed. The show did not happen.

However, in the next moment, Yan Lie frowned. He shook the Origin Crystal bag that he had just received and his expression darkened. “Akkin, what do you mean by giving us an empty Origin Crystal bag?”

Yan Lie recognized the burly man from the American Sector. He was a third-year student from the American Sector. However, they only knew each other.

Akkin raised his head. “Is there a problem? It was empty when I picked it up. I’ve already returned the bag to you. Do you still have a problem?”

“What a joke! There are two Origin Crystals in the Origin Crystal bag of the companion of the owner of the bag you picked up! Here, the Origin Crystals are divided equally. How can this bag be empty!” Yan Lie retorted.

“The bag I picked up is empty. I can’t do anything if you don’t believe me.” Akkin spread his hands, revealing a helpless expression. If you don’t believe me, there’s nothing I can do!

Yan Lie’s eyes turned cold. His grip on the short blade tightened slightly. He was a little angry!

From all directions, the gazes of the alien invasion elites gathered again. They looked forward to this internal strife. Some people were even secretly encouraging him. Kill! Hurry up and fight among yourselves! Hurry!

On the 40th circle, Zhu Lang’s expression was also a little nervous. If there was really internal strife, he would have to bear a lot of responsibility. However, it was hard to say in such a situation.

Yan Lie had his reasoning, but he did not have any evidence.

Seeing that the attention from all directions was focused on him and Yan Lie, Xu Tui looked at Akkin, who had an expression that said, “I’m just giving you an empty bag. What can you do?” He sighed softly.