Chapter 499 - Recharge Or Not (1)

Chapter 499: Recharge or Not (1)

Both Xu Tui and Yan Lie could continue fighting one or even two more waves. However, Xu Tui still chose to rest for a period of time. He felt that he should maintain his condition to a higher level in this place where enemies were everywhere. So he would have the ability to deal with sudden or even consecutive crises.

Was Xu Tui afraid of death? He did not know! Xu Tui did not know if he was afraid of death before he died. However, he was very afraid of the consequences of his death. What would happen to his parents if he died? Therefore, Xu Tui was very careful.

Other than recovering his stamina and mind power, Xu Tui also planned to use this period of time to study the basic situation of the surrounding alien invasion elites. He would be more relaxed when he unleashed his power later.

Other than that, Bu Luo’s interference had sounded a warning bell for Xu Tui.

An ordinary Extreme Branch’s instant attack range was only 20 to 30 meters. 50 meters was the maximum. The combat distance of the Mystery Branch was a little further. Once one’s cultivation reached the Genetic Mutation Realm, the combat distance would start at 30 meters.

Many Mystery Branch genetic newcomers could reach a combat distance of 100 meters or even more. It was not rare to have a battle distance of about 150 meters. It was very rare to see someone like Xu Tui, who had a combat distance of 500 to 600 meters. However, it was not impossible.

Previously, when Bu Luo had attacked Xu Tui, the combat distance was close to 400 meters. In this battle circle where geniuses and elites gathered, Bu Luo was definitely not the only elite who had long-range combat ability. There must be others.@@novelbin@@

Therefore, Xu Tui took the initiative to calm down. He had to be more stable. He had to take his time and rest for a few hours to recover to his peak state.

First, Xu Tui was on guard. He gave Yan Lie a chance to rest and pick up some Origin Crystals. Then, he used his mental perception to observe the surrounding alien invasion elites.

In the 43rd circle, not many Origin Crystals spewed out. If luck was not involved, one might not even be able to get a piece in the 50th circle.

In the combat area of the 40th circle, there were about two crystals an hour. The Origin Crystals were also slightly larger.

The probability of obtaining Origin Crystals in the 43rd circle where Xu was was slightly lower than the 40th. However, Xu Tui obtained four Origin Crystals during the hour when Yan Lie was resting. Three of them were snatched.

Xu Tui’s location was bordered by the combat area of the alien invasion elites. Xu Tui immediately used his mind power to guide the Origin Crystals that had fallen from their combat area over.

The elites of the alien invasion who had been robbed did not dare to say anything. They could only stare at Xu Tui to vent his anger. If they were not strong enough, they would be helpless!

Originally, Xu Tui could have robbed more people. However, he felt that he should keep a low profile and not go overboard. Moreover, the speed at which his mind power was drawn was not too fast. He would be easily intercepted if he was too far away.

Other than that, Xu Tui spent the rest of his time observing the surrounding alien invasion elites. He could clearly sense that the energy auras in the bodies of these elite alien invaders were constantly increasing. The energy aura in their bodies kept increasing as they stood there without moving. The speed of improvement was extremely fast.

Xu Tui deliberately observed an elite of the Mechanical Spirit Cannon Arms who was in the 40th circle. In an hour, the total energy in his body had increased by about 1%.

The time on Mars was also 24 hours a day. In other words, as long as this guy stood here for four days, the energy and aura in his body would double. If a human could do the same, it meant that as long as a human stood in the 40th circle for four days, their strength would double.

This was still the 40th circle! How fast would the improvement be if it was in the 30th circle, where the energy was stronger, or the 20th circle, or the 10th circle? Under such circumstances, the elites of the alien invasion could quickly increase their strength just by standing there. The Origin Crystal was actually just an additional gain.

On the contrary, the elites of the human team were purely here to stand by the side. If they accompanied them for a few days, their strength would not increase at all. The only gain was the Origin Crystal! Therefore, human teams cherished the Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui kept observing the situation. He only had one thought in his mind—it was unfair. This was too f*cking unfair!

An alien invasion elite could quickly increase their strength by standing. The elites of the human team stood by the side as punishment. In the end, they were still fighting for the Origin Crystals that the alien invasion elites did not pay much attention to.

He did not know when he did not compare the both sides, but once he did, he saw that the difference was too great!

Of course, Xu Tui was the only one who shouted that it was unfair. He was not that childish. How could there be absolute fairness in this world? Furthermore, this was a battlefield!

Why couldn’t humans directly absorb this energy to increase their strength? A thought suddenly occurred to Xu Tui. If humans could directly absorb energy to increase their strength, even near the outer circle, there would be many elites.

The cultivation of genetic newcomers was actually very resource-intensive. Without resources, the improvement was very slow.

The reason Xu Tui cultivated so quickly was that other than his talent, cultivation techniques, illusory introspection, and so on, a large number of cultivation resources were also the most important point. Of course, Xu Tui had risked his life to obtain a large portion of the cultivation resources.

Humans should have tried or studied directly absorbing the energy gushing out of the tunnel.