Chapter 493 - Bu Luo’S Attack

Chapter 493: Bu Luo’s Attack

“Prepare for battle!” Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of the Phobos, shouted. The various teams that were originally in a strategic stalemate immediately pressed forward and assumed an offensive posture.

In an instant, these alien invasion elites also entered a highly tense state to deal with the high-intensity battle that might erupt at any time. It was fine for the others, but it was a little painful for those dozen or so alien invasion elites from the 40th to 43rd circles who wanted to cooperate in the joint battle to kill Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

Originally, they had worked together to kill Xu Tui and Yan Lie. They had to at least curb this momentum. This was especially so for Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who had advanced from the outermost circle to the 43rd circle. The momentum and ability they displayed gave them pressure.

Xu Tui’s flying sword was characterized by its stability, accuracy, and ferocity.

These were not rare. Flying swords were not unique to Xu Tui. The key was that the range of the battle was too fierce. Xu Tui’s flying sword, which was in the 42nd circle, could actually find the time to participate in the battle of the 49th circle. This distance was at least 90 meters, if not 100 meters. The combat deterrence circle was too wide.

There was also Yan Lie. The Number One Saber was mysterious, violent, powerful, and strange. He made the surrounding alien invasion elites feel a chill run down their spines.

They were a little afraid! They instinctively felt that Yan Lie was a threat to them. Since there was a threat, they would nip it in the bud. Therefore, they wanted to attack at lightning speed and kill Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

However, Yan Lie first hid himself and attacked. He caused the elites in the 42nd circle to enter a defensive state and did not attack immediately. By the time they realized that Yan Lie was bluffing, Zhu Lang had already noticed the abnormality.

The human teams nearby adopted an offensive stance at the same time, immediately giving them immense pressure. Once they continued to ambush Xu Tui and Yan Lie as planned, it was very likely that they would be attacked from all sides. They were not confident that they could kill Xu Tui and Yan Lie. However, the danger they faced would definitely increase exponentially.

At the extreme, they might even die in battle!

This time, the dozen or so alien invasion elites in the 42nd to 40th circle were in a difficult position.

Attack? They could not achieve their goal, and their lives might be in danger.

Retreat? On the battlefield, there was no retreat! Once they retreated, it might cause the battle of the extraterrestrial elites to be further thwarted. Therefore, they could not retreat!

They could not retreat. They could only confront each other.

In an instant, around the 40th circle, all kinds of energy fluctuations surged. A battle was about to begin.

Zhu Lang observed this scene with flickering eyes. At this moment, he could not be sure. Should he take this opportunity to continue expanding the combat areas? Or should he maintain a stalemate and advance steadily?

To be honest, Zhu Lang was a little hesitant.

The two sides were at each other’s throats. The situation was extremely tense. Xu Tui, who had caused all of this, felt very relaxed. The flying sword retracted and circled around. While he smiled at Yan Lie, he glanced at Zhu Lang.

Xu Tui did not know what Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of the Phobos’ Combat Command, was thinking. Was he taking advantage of the situation to fight? Or should he stop while he was ahead?

However, to be safe, Xu Tui temporarily put away his flying sword to avoid provoking the extraterrestrial elites. The silver main flying sword and the other three flying swords circled above his head. They were very intimidating.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly looked up at the sky. His expression suddenly became extremely terrified. Time did not allow him to think too much. There was only an instinctive reaction.

In an instant, Xu Tui used Time Distortion. To be honest, Xu Tui had not used the Time Distortion ability for a long time. At this moment, it was to save his life.

The moment he used Time Distortion, Xu Tui instantly established a connection with the mental magnetic pillar more than ten meters away. That was the mental magnetic pillar that Xu Tui had thrown out with the Origin Crystal Powder.

In the eyes of the others, Xu Tui flew out without any warning. However, just as Xu Tui was flying, a bolt of lightning appeared in the sky. The blue lightning covered the spot where Xu Tui had been standing just now.

Yan Lie, who was smiling but was actually nervously observing his enemy, instantly felt his head explode when he saw Xu Tui’s location being drowned by the lightning.

Damn! Xu Tui had been blasted away.

However, in the next moment, Yan Lie noticed Xu Tui, who had flown out in advance. The bolt of lightning that appeared in the sky seemed to have eyes. It chased after Xu Tui, who had just landed more than ten meters away.

The moment the lightning struck down, Xu Tui made an extremely strange turn and avoided the lightning attack again. However, the speed of the lightning was much faster than Xu Tui’s turn. The third bolt of lightning instantly descended. The blue lightning drowned Xu Tui.

A sneer came from afar. “It’s just a small thing. Just destroy it. Is it worth it for you to mobilize so many people?”

Fourth circle! This voice came from the fourth circle of the inner circle. The Dissimilate Clan’s supernatural being, Bu Luo, who was ranked second on the Hunting List, had taken action!

“How dare you!” At this moment, a spear flew out of the fourth circle like a dragon. It crossed a distance of 30 meters and directly entered the sixth circle. His energy field exploded.

A Dissimilate Clan member in the sixth circle vomited blood and flew backward. Before anyone could react, the sound of air being torn apart rang out. The moment the sound of air being torn apart rang out, a long arrow suddenly hit the center of the forehead of the Dissimilate Clan’s elite who had just vomited blood.

The energy field exploded!

Boom! The head of the Dissimilate Clan’s elite in the sixth circle exploded into a large watermelon.

The person who attacked was not anyone else, it was the Huaxia Tiger, Zhao Hailong, who was confronting Bu Luo.

The moment Bu Luo, who was ranked second on the Hunting List, used his superpower to attack Xu Tui from a distance of nearly 400 meters, the Huaxia Tiger, Zhao Hailong, who had sensed him, immediately killed a sixth-circle elite of the Dissimilate Clan.

The elite of the Dissimilate Clan in the sixth circle was killed by Zhao Hailong in two moves. The human teams nearby moved again and replaced him. Unknowingly, the combat area occupied by the humans had gained another square.

Although this supplement occupied the outermost area and it was unknown whether it could be maintained, the combat area occupied by the humans in the inner circle had another square.

In the sixth circle, a Dissimilate supernatural being was killed by Zhao Hailong. Bu Luo, who had just attacked, attacked Zhao Hailong angrily.

Zhao Hailong stood there and continued to whip with his spear. Every attack could cause Bu Luo’s lightning superpower attacks.

“If you have the guts, come with me to fight outside!” Zhao Hailong pointed his spear at him.

Bu Luo’s expression was extremely ugly. He was also a little impulsive. He wanted to fight Zhao Hailong. Just now, he had only taken the opportunity to casually attack and kill the human genius who had just shone. He did not expect Zhao Hailong to not take the opportunity to attack him. Instead, he suddenly attacked and took the opportunity to kill one of his clansmen.

This loss was a little huge! The fellow clansman in the sixth circle was at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

He was furious!

“Bu Luo, do you have a lot of time? Have you absorbed enough energy?” The cold and slightly hoarse voice of the Black Eagle in the innermost circle suddenly sounded, causing Bu Luo to calm down. He took half a step back, taking a step back.

However, Zhao Hailong still pointed the spear in his hand at Bu Luo with a cold expression. “I couldn’t stop your superpower from sneaking an attack. However, your kind can’t stop my surprise attack! I’ll kill your kind every time you attack! If you want to exchange, I’ll exchange with you!”

Lightning flickered in Bu Luo’s ferocious eyes. He stared fixedly at Zhao Hailong and looked in the direction of Black Eagle. In the end, he did not say anything. It also meant that he was temporarily stunned by Zhao Hailong’s actions. He probably did not dare to attack casually.

Of course, it was also because of the price. This exchange of one for one was too much of a loss!

The strength that Xu Tui had displayed so far had only allowed him to reach the 43rd circle. He would at most be able to kill his way for another eight to ten circles. However, he had lost a sixth-circle Genetic Evolver. Furthermore, he was from the same race as Bu Luo.

Although this sixth-circle Genetic Evolution Realm elite had just entered the Genetic Evolution Realm not long ago, he could quickly accumulate energy and increase his strength after absorbing the energy on the Mars battlefield.

If he had the chance to come to the Mars battlefield again next time, he would definitely reach the quasi-Genetic Transmutation Realm!

Now, he has exchanged his life for a Genetic Mutator. He was dead!

What a loss! What a great loss! Bu Luo’s chest felt a little tight. This was a silent loss, but he could only swallow it for the time being.

“F*ck, which bastard ambushed me? F*ck your ancestors! Lightning supernatural being? If you have the guts, fight me head-on. Try taking three strikes from me!” Far away, an extremely dissatisfied shout rang out.

Bu Luo was stunned. He spread out his mental perception and his face turned red.

Zhao Hailong instantly turned around and stared in Xu Tui’s direction. There was a hint of surprise in his eyes.

At the 45th circle, Xu Tui was cursing as he got up from the ground. His entire body smelled of burnt flesh. He rubbed his hands together, and his hair turned to ashes. Only the strand of hair that was holding on to the silver hoop was barely saved.

He was half bald! His entire scalp felt a little numb. It hurts! It felt like he was about to be cooked!

The lightning attack just now was too powerful. Xu Tui dodged three times in a row, but he only dodged two of them. He did not manage to dodge the third one. He did not dodge the third bolt of lightning, but Xu Tui had already raised the Vajra Barrier.

As he was using Butterfly Flight, Xu Tui did not have the time to activate the silver hoop and the mental shield. He only had the time to activate the Vajra Barrier. However, what was worse was that the power of the lightning was extremely ferocious.

It was extremely fast! It pierced through Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier. A large amount of lightning landed on Xu Tui’s head. Xu Tui twitched for two to three seconds before he recovered.

When Xu Tui used Butterfly Flight, he would fly toward the human team’s area. Xu Tui would probably be finished if he landed in the combat area occupied by the extraterrestrial elites. His flying sword trembled under the lightning.

“Are… are you alright?” The moment Xu Tui was drowned by the lightning, Yan Lie no longer cared about defending his position. He ran from the 43rd circle to the 45th circle. While he helped Xu Tui up, he also stood guard around him.

“Alright!” Xu Tui spat out a mouthful of bloody phlegm. His mouth bled from the lightning attack just now.

Far away, Zhu Lang, who had been worried, finally heaved a sigh of relief. “It’s good that you’re fine. It’s good that you’re fine!”

Yan Lie heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Xu Tui get up. Without Xu Tui, his Number One Saber on Mars would have become a balloon that would have been popped in minutes.

Xu Tui drank two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and began to treat his head injuries. That feeling was not good. It looked like he was gritting his teeth!

Just as Xu Tui was feeling uncomfortable, he suddenly felt something strange. Not far away, two elites of the Dissimilate Clan were sizing Xu Tui up.

“F*ck, what are you looking at! Attack!” Xu Tui shouted angrily and waved at Yan Lie.

Yan Lie was stunned for a moment before his figure instantly disappeared.@@novelbin@@

The expressions of the two Dissimilate Clan elites changed drastically. They spread out their energy field and mental perception to guard against Yan Lie’s surprise attack. However, in the next moment, the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out.

The moment the shrill sound of the flying sword pierced through the air, silver light had already flashed out with a bloody light.

Coincidentally, these two people were standing side by side.

One strike, two heads!