Chapter 491 - A Killing Strike And Retreat (2)

Chapter 491: A Killing Strike and Retreat (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

He did not even have time to split open before he turned into a corpse.

This was the fission core of their Fission Race. It was directly destroyed. All the human spectators’ eyes lit up.

The Fission Race was very annoying. Being unable to kill them in one strike was the biggest problem. However, Xu Tui did it.

Almost at the same time, Yan Lie’s hidden figure appeared beside another Fission Race member on the 49th circle.

It was a diversion! Everyone could tell that this was Xu Tui’s tactic of creating a diversion. He even succeeded!

However, those who could stand here, be it humans or alien invasion elites, could not be said to have been through hundreds of battles, but they would definitely not be flustered by the surprise attack.

The Fission Race member who had been ambushed by Yan Lie was only shocked for a moment before he roared and charged towards Yan Lie. However, the moment he took a step forward, an earth spike suddenly rose between his legs.

The timing was too good and too coincidental.

Xu Tui did not know if the space between the legs of the Fission Race was a vital point. However, regardless of whether it was a vital point or not, this earth spike would definitely severely injure him.

The elite from the Fission race was shocked. His figure changed and he kicked out continuously with both feet. Energy light exploded and destroyed Xu Tui’s earth spikes.

This gave Yan Lie a chance. It was like sending himself to Yan Lie’s door.

Yan Lie’s saber light was originally aimed slightly forward. If there were no changes, he might have missed. But at this moment, Xu Tui’s attack caused the half-human Fission Race member to send himself into the range of Yan Lie’s saber light.

With a flash of the saber, the energy field exploded! The half-human Fission Race member was instantly split into two. The saber light flashed again, and the energy field exploded again. The semi-human Fission Race member was first split into two by Yan Lie, then the main body was split into two, then split into two again.

In reality, he had split three times in an instant to save his life. His strength instantly decreased by three levels.

During the third fission, Yan Lie cut off the shoulder of the body that had just split open. The small bag containing the Origin Crystal fell. Only then did he have a chance to escape! However, his strength had decreased by three levels. He could only retreat from the energy overflow circle under the cover of his companions. Staying any longer was purely courting death!

It was also at this moment that the other Fission Race member and the two Fission Race members closest to the three Fission Race members finally pounced in front of Xu Tui.

Behind Xu Tui, the other four elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race also quickly pounced over. They wanted to attack Xu Tui from behind and kill him.

At the same time, the other new team that had been called over by Xu Tui beforehand quickly pounced into the position that Xu Tui had just vacated from the 50th circle.

However, they only managed to restrain three elites from the Mechanical Spirit Race. The other elite from the Mechanical Spirit Race, the remaining Fission Race member, and the two reinforcements from the Fission Race who had rushed over attacked Xu Tui at the same time.

Four against one! And it was a pincer attack.

The team that was closest to Xu Tui on the 49th circle shouted as they attacked, “Yan Lie, retreat. We’ll cover you!”

“No need!”

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face.

In the next moment, the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. The energy core of the elite Mechanical Spirit that was pouncing toward Xu Tui from behind was instantly pierced through by a silver light.

Although he had time to gather a shield in front of his vital points, that shield was useless against the flying sword in front of Xu Tui. It instantly disintegrated into hundreds of pieces of Mechanical Spirit Alloy that landed on the ground.

Actually, Xu Tui’s eyes lit up at that moment. These were all good treasures. However, he still had to be careful.

The main flying sword and the other three flying swords circled above his head at the same time with a terrifying momentum. Then, the three Fission elites who were pouncing toward Xu Tui suddenly trembled.

Yan Lie’s saber light flashed and exploded with energy. With every explosion of the energy field, Yan Lie found and exploded the fission core of an elite of the Fission Race.

Three slashes! Triple kill!

The surrounding people were shocked! The team that had rushed over to help Xu Tui and Yan Lie withstand the pressure was also stunned.

Xu Tui had no intention of stopping. He activated his mind power and swept a few Origin Crystal bags toward Yan Lie. He quickly moved to the 48th circle. The sound of a flying sword rang out. When the silver light appeared on the 48th circle, Yan Lie had also disappeared.

In an instant, it was time for Yan Lie to display his might.

Yan Lie’s saber light flashed, and his energy field erupted. His saber light seemed to be imbued with some shocking power. The moment the saber light appeared, the target under the saber light did not seem to know how to dodge.

It was as if time had stopped for a moment. His vital points were directly exploded by the saber light and energy field.

One slash! One kill!

Yan Lie Triple Kill!

Xu Tui killed one.

It was another four kills!

After the four kills in the 48th circle, Xu Tui used his mind power to sweep the spoils of war to Yan Lie. The flying sword let out an ear-piercing screech again. The moment the sound of the supersonic flying sword rang out, the silver light had already exploded.

The place where Xu Tui’s flying sword appeared was where Yan Lie’s saber light exploded.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie charged into the 47th circle without stopping.

Triple kill in the 47th circle! Xu Tui had one kill, and Yan Lie had a double kill.

They advanced to the 46th circle.

When Xu Tui and Yan Lie entered the 46th circle, the elite extraterrestrial invaders near the 45th circle had long observed the situation here and had joined forces to attack Xu Tui when he reached the 46th circle.

There were seven people! A total of seven people charged toward Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

Xu Tui did not panic at all. The main flying sword flashed with silver light. Three secondary flying swords circled around him and stopped to protect him. An invisible mental hammer condensed in front of him. Yan Lie’s saber light instantly smashed onto the head of whichever target appeared. The mental hammer struck five times in a row, and Yan Lie’s saber light flashed five times.

Yan Lie’s Quintuple Kill! Xu Tui Double Kill! They made it to the 46th circle. Then, Xu Tui and Yan Lie realized that the spot near the 45th circle was empty. No one from the extraterrestrial invasion elites on the other side had come to replace them.

Yan Lie took a strange light step and charged into the 45th circle as if there was no one around. No one from the extraterrestrial invasion elites near the 45th circle stopped them.

Xu Tui rolled the spoils of war toward Yan Lie. Yan Lie did not count them. He put them all into his backpack and stepped in again.

This time, Yan Lie’s target was the 44th circle. Xu Tui’s voice regarding the battle plan had already sounded in Yan Lie’s mind. He was already prepared for a battle.@@novelbin@@

However, the moment Yan Lie hid and Xu Tui stepped in, those people retreated!

The alien invasion elites at the border of the 44th circle actually took the initiative to retreat and make way for Yan Lie and Xu Tui. They retreated without a fight! None of the surrounding alien invasion elites laughed at these elites.

The human teams were extremely shocked. Wasn’t this power too f*cking powerful? They actually forced the alien invasion elite to give up their places. Even the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, who had come to the Mars battlefield in his first year, was not this powerful, right?

Everyone thought that Xu Tui and Yan Lie might temporarily stop at the 44th circle to rest. Even if they did not rest, the two of them should have stopped to exchange tactics.

Above the 44th circle, the strength of the extraterrestrial invasion elites would also be stronger. Every circle was a little stronger. It was very powerful after layers of increases.

However, no one expected this.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not stop, much less communicate.

Yan Lie took light and strange steps as he charged towards the border of the 43rd circle. Xu Tui was also 20 meters behind Yan Lie. The flying sword above his head was circling as he followed Yan Lie.

The few alien invasion elites at the border of the 40th circle had solemn expressions. One of the Mechanical Spirits suddenly stabbed out with his spear. The moment he stabbed a silver light, a portion of the silver spear formed by his arm exploded on the spot.

It was also at this moment that Yan Lie’s figure disappeared. A shocking killing move was about to be launched. Some were looking forward to it, while others were terrified.

The moment Yan Lie hid, the elites who had blocked Xu Tui’s flying sword retreated explosively. They retreated again! They immediately gave up their place in the 43rd circle to Xu Tui and Yan Lie.