Chapter 500 - Recharge Or Not (2)

Chapter 500: Recharge or Not (2)

That was for sure. They must have tried all kinds of methods. Then, the result was that they could not absorb it!

It was not that Xu Tui did not believe it. He just wanted to experience why he could not absorb the energy.

Soon, Yan Lie was almost done resting. It was Yan Lie’s turn to be on guard. Xu Tui took a nap. An hour had passed since he drank a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. Xu Tui’s mind power, physical strength, and energy field power had reached their peak.

In theory, there was no need to rest. However, in reality, he still needed to rest for a while. This mental and muscle tension could not be recovered by drinking the Active Energy Elixir.

While he was resting, Xu Tui tried to research. In the inner circle, the energy concentration was rather high. It was light blue, but in the outer circle, the energy was almost colorless.

However, Xu Tui could sense it with his mental perception. He tried to use his mind power to guide the energy. It failed in a few seconds. Origin energy was too scattered. Although mind power could guide them, such large-scale guidance consumed a lot of mind power. From this point, the cost-effective ratio was very low.

However, Xu Tui still attracted a large amount of Origin Energy and tried to absorb it.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui was stunned. He could absorb it. However, the efficiency was shockingly low!

Genetic newcomers could not absorb energy all over their bodies. It was just like when he absorbed the energy in the Origin Crystal in the past. He had to stick it to a cultivation location before he could absorb it.

For example, if an Extreme Branch cultivator had cultivated the Lesser Heavenly Cycle, they could stick this Origin Crystal to the surface of any genetic base point in the Lesser Heavenly Cycle, which was also the acupoints of the genetic ancient martial arts in the past, and they could absorb the energy in the Origin Crystal.

It was the same for the Mystery Branch. The genetic ability chain that had been cultivated could absorb the energy in the Origin Crystal at the feedback location on the surface of the body.

At this moment, he could only use his mind power to guide the energy here to a relevant location before actively absorbing it into his body.

The operation method was extremely complicated. Only a Mystery Branch student with powerful mind power like Xu Tui could complete it. Moreover, the amount he absorbed was too little! All the energy here had a tendency to fuse into the ground.

And Xu Tui’s mind power had to be able to send these origin energies to relevant locations. Only in certain locations that he had cultivated could he absorb a very small amount of Origin Energy. If his mind power could not send the energy to those locations, he would not be able to absorb it.

Under such a subtle operation, his mind power was consumed greatly.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui estimated that his mind power would be depleted in less than half an hour if he continued to guide and capture Origin Energy. The gains were negligible. It did not even have the effect of a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

It was a thankless task. It was summarized in these words.

Yan Lie’s energy field perception was also extremely sharp. Even though Xu Tui’s movements were very small, he could still sense that something was amiss.

“Are you trying to absorb the energy here?” Yan Lie asked in a low voice.

“I want to try and experience why I can’t,” Xu Tui said.

“Actually, those with powerful mind power in the Mystery Branch can guide the energy here to the surface of their bodies to absorb it. The Moon Genetic Research Institute had studied it for a long time and had made many attempts. However, there was no progress!

“The consumption of mind power is too fast and the efficiency is so low that it makes one’s hair stand on end!” Yan Lie said.

“Is there no point in absorbing it in the innermost circle?” Xu Tui asked.

Yan Lie looked in the direction of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, “Absorbing energy in the innermost circle, which has an extremely high concentration of energy, still had some gains. However, the problem was that it consumed too much mind power.

“Take the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, as an example. He consumed a large amount of his mind power to cultivate in front of the Black Eagle that was confronting him. Is he courting death?”

“That’s true! So, we can only watch them continuously improve themselves?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Don’t we have Origin Crystals to harvest?” Yan Lie shrugged helplessly.

“All right.”

The experiment failed. Xu Tui felt helpless. He also began to relax.

Although there were sporadic battles happening in the entire battle circle, the overall situation was in a stalemate.

After resting for about an hour, Xu Tui even found the time to eat a box of convenience military food. It was actually compressed biscuits with improved taste. The compressed biscuits now tasted much better. There was also a mala flavor. He finally satisfied his empty stomach.

Xu Tui always felt that he lacked something if he kept drinking Energy Restoration Elixirs to replenish his energy and did not eat.

“Do you want a bite?” Xu Tui asked Yan Lie.

“No, I’ve been eating it for three years. I eat for almost a month every year. I feel disgusted!” Yan Lie shook his head.

While they were talking, the 50th circle of energy in the distance fluctuated continuously. It was obvious that another battle had occurred. Xu Tui could not be bothered to stand up. He expanded his mental perception to 100 meters away and began to observe. A human team and an alien invasion elite wanted to enter the circle at the same time and were fighting there. The elites of the alien invasion were powerful, but the human team cooperated very well. They should be able to kill their way in.

Xu Tui did not intend to interfere. He was not the nanny of the outer circle. After resting enough, he prepared to charge to the inner circle.

Xu Tui retracted his mental perception slightly. He also sensed the mental magnetic pillar that he had planted previously. Three hours had passed. Many of the mental magnetic pillars had greatly weakened over time. It could no longer withstand Xu Tui’s Butterfly Flight.