Chapter 1701 - 1701: The Wrath And Madness Of The Holy Ancestor (1)

Chapter 1701 - 1701: The Wrath and Madness of the Holy Ancestor (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

On the Sacred Spiritual Planet of the Spiritual Race.

Although the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary was built on flat ground, it was as majestic as a mountain. It looked a little similar to the pyramid on the Blue

Star, but the scale was many times larger than the pyramid on the Blue Star.

It soared into the sky like a staircase and towered into the clouds. There were 999 floors. There was only one hall on the top floor. It was colorful. Once it was nighttime, it would be a super-large light show every night.

Many ordinary people of the Spiritual Race worshiped the Sanctuary on the Sacred Spiritual Planet for the rest of their lives. They called this a pilgrimage.

It was said that the hall on the top floor belonged to the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race. It was usually overflowing with light, but it would only glow with holy light when the Holy Ancestor descended.

It was also because of this belief in pilgrimage that countless Spiritual Race’s members from various planets came to worship the Sanctuary every day.

Of course, there were not many ordinary people in the Spiritual Race who could cross planets to reach their home planet, the Sacred Spiritual Planet. However, because of the huge population of the Spiritual Race, there were still many Spiritual Race’s members gathered here every day to worship.

Especially at night, there were even more people.

On this day, as night fell, the towering Sanctuary became colorful. The highest level of the Sanctuary, which was usually hidden in the clouds, was also faintly visible because of the brilliance.

The highest level of the Sanctuary could not be seen during the day. This was also the reason why many people worshiped it at night.

A believer glanced at the ethereal temple in the night sky. Actually, he was not sure that he was not looking at the top floor of the Sanctuary, but he felt that he should have seen it. Thus, he bowed piously.

However, the moment he bowed, an extremely bright yellow light suddenly scattered down from the sky. The surroundings of the Sanctuary suddenly became as bright as day. The day was covered in a layer of gold.

The worshippers looked up in shock and saw that the top floor of the Sanctuary had at some point become as dazzling as the sun in their galaxy. The light show of the Sanctuary completely lost its color under the illumination of this boundless holy light.

The worshippers suddenly cried bitterly and shouted for the Holy Ancestor to show his divinity. All of them touched their heads to the ground, wishing they could kowtow to the ground.

Outside the Sanctuary, tens of thousands of worshipers had fanatical expressions.

However, Xu Yi, who was located on the fifth level of the Sanctuary, felt his heart turn cold. Even the main elders of the other levels were trembling in fear.

The Holy Ancestor’s sudden and unexpected descent might…

Despite his fear, the Great Elder of the Sanctuary, Xu Yi, still rushed to the holy temple. The door of the holy temple had already opened.

Xu Yi still wanted to shout and pay his respects to the Holy Ancestor, but when he opened his mouth, he realized that he could not make a sound under the envelopment of the Holy Ancestor’s divine might. It even became a problem for him to stand.

The indescribable pressure made him kneel on the spot. Then, he placed his head on the ground behind the figure of the Holy Ancestor, who was standing with his hands behind his back in the temple. He waited for the Holy Ancestor to punish him.

Ten seconds later, the other seven main elders in the Sanctuary rushed over immediately. Seeing the Great Elder’s appearance, they also knelt down and touched their heads to the ground. All of them were trembling in fear, not knowing what had happened.

After a long time, the Holy Ancestor, whose clone had descended, slowly spoke. “Has anything major happened recently?”

Xu Yi’s expression tightened. He thought for a moment and quickly replied, “Holy Ancestor, recently, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel of the solar system has been destroyed by the Blue Star humans because of the negligence of the 15th main elder, Shui Zhi. As a result, the plan to flatten the Blue Star was blocked, but it was expected to be resolved within a year. Other than that, nothing major happened.”

Xu Yi was also an expert at pushing the blame. Moreover, the 15th Main Hall Elder, Shui Zhi, could also take the blame.

Most importantly, Xu Yi had carefully studied the Holy Ancestor. Although the Holy Ancestor had not descended many times, he had studied all the documents related to the Holy Ancestor since a thousand years ago. Honesty!

He had to be honest in front of the Holy Ancestor. Therefore, as soon as the Holy Ancestor asked, Xu Yi immediately threw out the biggest question he had been asking recently. Of course, no matter what, he could not escape his responsibilities as the Great Elder.

“Nothing else?”

Xu Yi pondered over the Holy Ancestor’s question. There had not been anything more serious than this recently. “Holy Ancestor, nothing else!”

The holy light was like a palm! A huge holy light slapped Great Elder Xu Yi’s face like a palm.

Slap!

There were eight crisp slaps in a row. Everyone from Great Elder Xu Yi to the other seven main elders had been slapped by the Holy Ancestor.

This slap was condensed from the power of the Holy Ancestor. The main elders of the Sanctuary did not dare to use their strength to resist. Under this slap, the elders, including the Great Elder of the Sanctuary, were sent tumbling a few times.

Their faces instantly swelled like buns, and blood flowed from the corners of their mouths. They looked extremely miserable. To be honest, this was the first time they had been slapped in so many years.

Many people, including Great Elder Xu Yi, were dumbfounded. In the past thousand years, this was the first time the Holy Ancestor had slapped the elders.

How angry would the Holy Ancestor be?

In an instant, the main elder, Great Xu Yi, felt guilty..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1