Chapter 1706 - 1706: Essential Difference (2)

Chapter 1706 - 1706: Essential Difference (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Seeing that An Xiaoxue had accepted it, Xu Tui suddenly asked, “Xiaoxue, can you tell me now how you want me to deal with Yanzi?”

An Xiaoxue raised her head and stared at Xu Tui. After a while, she suddenly laughed. “Are you feeling guilty?”

Black lines appeared on Xu Tui’s forehead. “No, I’m conflicted! What Ullr said is not impossible. I’m afraid. At the same time, I hesitate!”

“Follow your heart- T believe von.”

“Believe me?”

“I believe in your judgment, decision-making ability, and… heart!” An Xiaoxue said softly. Xu Tui reached out and gently pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms. “Don’t feel burdened. Don’t have too harsh a request for yourself. Just do your best. No one can definitely succeed! Under such circumstances, it’s already very difficult to go home!”

An Xiaoxue’s words made Xu Tui feel indescribably relaxed. Only Xu Tui knew how much pressure he was under.

Ever since the expedition, Xu Tui had been afraid that he would make a mistake and cause his brothers from the Worldly Expeditionary Force to not be able to return home. That would make him a sinner.

To be honest, Xu Tui was not afraid of being alone. The most difficult thing was just death! However, it was different when he was carrying so many people from the Worldly Expeditionary Force home.

An Xiaoxue’s words made Xu Tui feel indescribably relaxed.

“Don’t worry, I will definitely succeed. I will definitely bring you and them home.” At this moment, Xu Tui was filled with confidence.

“Is it set up?” Xu Tui arrived at the deepest part of the underground. This was a retreat tunnel that was dug in the deepest part of the temporary base. In this retreat tunnel, there were already three quantum teleportation channels. They had all reached the last step, but they had not been activated.

If anything happened, it could be activated in a minute. It was used in emergencies. An Xiaoxue had personally set up these three quantum teleportation channels.

In the Worldly Expeditionary Force, they were also trying their best to learn the method and ability of Yanzi’s quantum teleportation tunnel. However, Yanzi was too talented in studying the quantum array core. Even Xu Tui could not keep up.

Yanzi was in a reinforced hall at the lowest level. She was doing her final checkup. She only stood up when she saw Xu Tui arrive. She even wiped her sweat.

“It’s set up. It’s been checked three times and recorded. If there are no problems with the subsequent tests, this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel can be directly activated,” Yanzi said.

“Yes, not bad.” Xu Tui nodded and said, “Get ready. We’ll set off in eight hours.”

“Are you done studying it?” Yanzi suddenly asked. Xu Tui raised his head and looked at Yanzi. There was a hint of confusion in his eyes. “You’re not a fool from your Blue Star television dramas. You guys have consecutive long meetings and excluded me. You even used a device to isolate sound. I’m afraid they will discuss and decide on something related to me. After all, my departure might be very sensitive,” Yanzi said bluntly.

Xu Tui did not deny it. “Aren’t you worried at all?”

“I told you before that I’m not a fool. For now, I’m still very valuable! Moreover, I believe in you more,” Yanzi said.

“Believe me?” This gave Xu Tui a headache.

“That’s right, I believe you! When I surrendered, you promised me that you would let me return home safely. Not only did I do everything you asked, but I might also do it better than you. Then what am I worried about?” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui was a little speechless. Why was this woman so shrewd? “Since you believe me, get ready.”

“Okay!”

On January 10, 2142, the third step of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force’s journey home—the Fulcrum Plan officially began.

The Fulcrum Plan was very important to Xu Tui.

The first step was to verify the stability and safety of the array core that Yanzi had developed. This verification required several steps. The other step required Xu Tui to return to the solar system.

This process would definitely involve Yanzi. No matter which step it was, he had to enter the cosmic tunnel.

Currently, the military was mobilizing extremely frequently in the Spiritual Race’s cosmic tunnel. If Xu Tui and Yanzi rashly barged in, the possibility of their identities being exposed would increase exponentially if they did not have a suitable identity.

Therefore, Xu Tui and Yanzi had to get a suitable and legal identity before they entered the cosmic tunnel of the Spiritual Race.

Only then could they advance openly in the cosmic tunnel.

Originally, the best way was to pretend to be an officer of the Spiritual Race. However, at this stage, due to the various actions of the expeditionary army, the Spiritual Race’s Star Field military region was extremely cautious when verifying the identity of a soldier.

Therefore, impersonating an officer was not feasible.

Fortunately, the Spiritual Race’s internal Star Field was vast. The function of the cosmic tunnel was not only to transportation, but also to the economy between the Spiritual Race’s Star Fields.

Other than the military, caravans and high-ranking officials were also the most common in the cosmic passageway. However, the management was stricter. This strictness referred to the requirements. For example, one had to have a pass and carry an identity card with them.

Moreover, non-military personnel had to accept the identification requirements of any unit at any time when they passed through the cosmic passageway.

After Ah Huang’s initial research and Xu Tui’s subsequent choices, Xu Tui finally chose a target—the family of a high-ranking official of the Spiritual Race.

In the vast starry sky ruled by the Spiritual Race, other than the division of the Star Fields and the Star Paths, there was another important node, which was the planet where the cosmic tunnel node was.

The planets where these cosmic tunnel nodes were located were natural transportation hubs of the surrounding star paths. Naturally, they were exceptionally prosperous.

A high-ranking official who could hold a position on the planet where the cosmic tunnel node was usually someone with extraordinary status.

The target that Xu Tui chose was the family of the planet’s chief, Qiu Nian. He had a daughter called Qiu Xuan. She was similar to Yanzi. She was also a fire-type supernatural being and was in the Planetary realm. She was currently living on Asteroid 677 with her father. She liked to play and often went out to travel.

Usually, she would only bring one or two Planetary realm guards when they went on a trip. To Qiu Xuan, it was very common for her to go to his mother planet, the Sacred Spiritual Planet, every ten to half a month to buy a few of the latest clothes. After all, it would only take an hour from Asteroid 677, which had a cosmic tunnel node, to reach the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

Most importantly, as the planet’s commander, her father could issue a pass.

On the night of January 10th, in the residence of the chief of Asteroid 677 ,Qiu Nian washed up together with two maids. Then, he carried the two maids into the bed in the bedroom and began to exercise.

Within the Spiritual Race, there was an extremely strong sense of enjoyment, especially the commander of a planet. He was like an emperor. To be honest, Qiu Nian was relatively restrained.

Xu Tui, who had silently approached the periphery of the residence, could only wait quietly. Twenty minutes later, the battle ended. Another ten minutes later, Qiu Nian fell into a deep sleep.

Qiu Nian was at the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. At his level, it was very difficult to increase his cultivation. Many times, he would start to work and rest like an ordinary person.

After Qiu Nian fell into a deep sleep, Xu Tui’s mind power carefully approached Qiu Nian. The one-kilometer distance did not affect Xu Tui at all. He activated his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, Spiritual Concealment, and advanced hypnosis.

“Uh, this is more useless than I thought.” Xu Tui had thought that Qiu Nian was at the Seven Satellites Planetary realm, and his mind power was also very powerful, so in order to achieve the final effect, he was prepared to enhance his mind power to the extreme before hypnosis and spiritual radiation.

He did not expect that Qiu Nian’s mind power would be much weaker than he had imagined. It was roughly equivalent to the mind power of an ordinary Six Satellites Planetary realm.

He completed the spiritual radiation and hypnosis with a wave of his hand. Of course, for the sake of his future safety, Xu Tui still increased his mind power to the late-stage of the ninth star halo.

Therefore, when he woke up Qiu Nian, the Planetary Commander’s Office recruited a young man as Miss Qiu Xuan’s guard.

This person was Xu Tui.

His alias was Bing Zhen..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1