Chapter 1707 - 1707: Yanzi’S Request And Testing Success Rate (1)

Chapter 1707 - 1707: Yanzi’s Request and Testing Success Rate (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

To be honest, Xu Tui was even afraid when he cultivated the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence to this extent. Currently, among the few abilities of Xu Tui’s School of Radiation Influence, his spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation had all reached the fifth level of the Star Halo.

In order to cooperate with this expedition, Xu Tui had strengthened the two new stars, Spiritual Concealment and Hypnosis, to the mid-stage of the sixth star halo. If he used the enhancement of his mind power main planet and other new stars, he could directly strengthen it to the nine star halos.

In theory, even an Eight Satellites supernatural being at the Planetary realm could be hypnotized.

In the beginning, Xu Tui had paid attention to cultivating these abilities only to use them in special directions during war, such as infiltration, intelligence gathering, and so on. However, Xu Tui only realized how terrifying this set of abilities was after he used it at the planetary commander’s residence on

Asteroid 677 today.

It was simply terrifying!

Yanzi was having lunch with her current “father”, Qiu Nian. Xu Tui, her personal guard, was naturally guarding the door. What was terrifying was that Qiu Nian did not notice that his daughter had changed. He treated Yanzi as his real daughter with a doting expression. There were also the stewards and female attendants around them. They treated Yanzi as their young lady without a doubt.

In other words, if there were no other factors, Yanzi would be able to completely replace the original Qiu Xuan with this ability.

What was even more terrifying was that if this life continued for more than a year, even if Qiu Nian slowly woke up from a deep hypnosis, he would think that Yanzi was his daughter and not suspect anything else.

Even if his real daughter, Qiu Xuan, stood in front of him, he would still think that Yanzi was his daughter. The real Qiu Xuan was not.

It was terrifying.

Xu Tui felt that if he really returned to the Blue Star and had a chance to enter the School of Radiation Influence, he would have to impose some restrictions on the students who cultivated the School of Radiation Influence.

For example, the rules of the deep subconscious. Otherwise, it would be too easy for them to do evil when they cultivated the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence to above the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

“Dad, do you think my minimally invasive plastic surgery this time is beautiful?” In the dining room, Yanzi raised her head and looked at her nominal father, Qiu Nian, with a smile.

“Beautiful! The chief surgeon is very impressive this time. He made my daughter even more beautiful than before and very natural.” Qiu Nian praised.

Xu Tui, who was outside the door, could sense that Qiu Nian’s mental fluctuations were completely normal. There were no abnormalities. Spiritual radiation and spiritual resonance had already invaded the mind of Qiu Nian and the surrounding stewards.

The information that Miss Qiu Xuan had undergone plastic surgery many times had been completely ingrained into their memories. This was also another hypnotic enhancement. In the future, even if he accidentally saw his original daughter’s photo or influence, he would not have any doubts, much less jump out of deep hypnosis.

“Thank you, Dad.” Yanzi leaned on Qiu Nian’s arm very cutely, making him look happy. Then, Yanzi said, “Dad, I want to go to the Sacred Spiritual Planet and other planets in a few days, but my original pass and documents are a little different from now. The identification of the Sacred Spiritual Planet is the most annoying. Help me update the data.”

Hearing this, Qiu Nian was stunned. “Xuanxuan, why don’t you not go? Recently, the Western Star Field and the Northern Star Field have been unstable. There have also been battles in the cosmic tunnel. I’m afraid that you won’t be safe.”

“No, it’s so boring to stay here! It’s easy. Don’t I have Bing Zhen as my guard? I want to go, Dad!”

Xu Tui felt a little disgusted when he saw this scene outside the door. A woman was simply a natural actress. She was completely immersed in the role. Any bystander would not be able to see any problems.

“Alright, alright, alright. I’ll update it for you. I’ll update it for you!” Qiu Nian, who was being pestered by Yanzi, enjoyed his daughter’s coquettishness and quickly agreed.

“Also, Dad, didn’t I break through again recently? Coincidentally, I lost my identity jade token. Help me get another one.”

The identity jade token was the key. Qiu Nian had already helped him apply and make a complete set of pass and identity jade tokens under hypnosis for Xu Tui’s alias, Bing Zhen. The identity jade token was something that only a small number of people with power, money, and cultivation in the Spiritual Race could have.

Its main function was to verify one’s identity.

The identity jade token was a high-level identity document issued by the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. It had a serial number and the aura of a mental body. It was very safe and easy to recognize.

If he wanted to enter the cosmic tunnel normally, he had to have an identity jade token.

Within the Spiritual Race, only those who wanted to travel on a planet or a Star Field were qualified to apply for an identity jade token. As for the ordinary residents who could not leave the reproduction planet for the rest of their lives, there was no need to apply for this.

“You lost your identity jade token again?” Qiu Nian was stunned.

“I was careless. Besides, I’ve broken through recently. I’ve been working very hard. I didn’t do it on purpose…”

“Okay, okay, okay!” Qiu Nian, who was pestered by his daughter, agreed.

However, after agreeing, he still reminded her, “You have to be careful this time. You can’t lose it again. Even I can’t get my hands on this identity jade token casually. I have to spend Origin Crystals to buy it from someone. 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals is not a small sum.”

“I understand…’

Now, Xu Tui and Yanzi were waiting for the new identity jade token to be issued before setting off..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1