Chapter 1705 - 1705: Essential Difference (1)

Chapter 1705 - 1705: Essential Difference (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Ullr, there’s something I have to remind you of.” An Xiaoxue stood up with her silver hair fluttering in the wind. She looked down at Ruan Tianzuo and Ullr.

“Don’t bring the rules of The Myth and its subsidiary organizations to Worldly. This is the Worldly Demon Slayers. The rules of Worldly and The Myths are fundamentally different.”

An Xiaoxue was implying something. However, Ullr understood what she meant. An Xiaoxue’s so-called Myth subsidiary organization was the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

This was An Xiaoxue’s warning to Ullr.

However, An Xiaoxue’s words did not end there. After a slight pause, she said, “It’s also because Worldly and The Myth have an essential difference in the way they act that the current situation of Worldly and The Myth and its affiliated organizations is completely different.” At this point, An Xiaoxue raised her head. ‘Worldly wins in all aspects!”

Ullr’s face burned. He had been slapped in public by An Xiaoxue. Furthermore, it was the kind that shook the heavens. She was just short of pointing at Ullr’s face and scolding him. He was a failure. He was not qualified to criticize Worldly’s matters.

At the side, Qu Qingshan gave An Xiaoxue a thumbs-up. Wen Shao, who was a little stupefied, only reacted after Qu Qingshan hit him twice in a row. He gave An Xiaoxue a thumbs-up.

An Xiaoxue was still the An Xiaoxue who dared to scold him back then. “Ever since Worldly was established, important matters of Worldly have been decided by the regiment commander and relevant members. In that case, Commander Xu Tui will deal with Yanzi as he sees fit.”

With that, An Xiaoxue sat down again. Her speech was over. After a pause, thunderous applause rang out. The people clapping were all the Worldly members present. Applause represented their attitude.

Ruan Tianzuo clapped expressionlessly. However, Ullr’s expression became exceptionally ugly. This was actually a demonstration. It was also a warning. It was a warning from An Xiaoxue after Xu Tui left to receive command. She warned him not to have any crooked thoughts.

Xu Tui glanced at An Xiaoxue. His eyes were filled with emotions. An Xiaoxue had casually resolved a crisis.

An Xiaoxue seemed to be the same as before. She dared to be angry and loved clearly. She seemed to have changed. Xu Tui reflected.

This meeting lasted for more than two hours. He had to explain a lot of things in front of all the members. Otherwise, there might have been unknown changes after Xu Tui left for a long time.

However, Xu Tui had assigned the truly important matters to An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Xinglun, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, and the others. Some things were cruel to think about, but they had to be considered in advance.

For example, if the first commander, An Xiaoxue, met with an accident or died in battle after Xu Tui left.

Although Xu Tui was definitely unwilling to see such a situation, he had to make all kinds of plans and arrangements in advance.

Qu Qingshan was the second to take over the command, followed by Wen Xinglun, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and Cui Xi. If these people had all died in battle, then in theory, the Worldly Expeditionary Force had already been completely wiped out.

Other than that, Xu Tui had specially arranged for Yan Lie to immediately change his identity to An Xiaoxue’s safety guard when Xu Tui left. This arrangement was not because of An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui.

It was An Xiaoxue’s ability.

Currently, only An Xiaoxue could amplify the quantum frequency of the quantum teleportation channel and bring everyone from the expeditionary army through it. If anything happened to An Xiaoxue, the difficulty of dealing with the accident and returning home might increase by a hundred times.

Not even Jagren from the School of Space.

Jagren could only stabilize the quantum teleportation channel. He could not enlarge it. He could only cooperate with An Xiaoxue and could not become the main character.

It was a day later after everything was arranged. Before he left, the underground secret base had already taken shape. It was rare for Xu Tui to have time alone with An Xiaoxue.

“Xiaoxue, I’ll leave six of the Heavenly Court guards for you. You can throw them out to stop the enemy at the critical moment. Don’t worry about their lives. So what if the Heavenly Court guards I left behind for you die?” Xu Tui gave An Xiaoxue his final instructions.

“There are too many of them. We have many people here. Just leave three for me. You can bring the rest,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Actually, it’s safer for me to be alone sometimes. What I left behind for you are all guards of the Heavenly Court who can give up at any time. I have to bring the other three, Little Six, Tao Guan, and Kitawan. You can use it when you need to. Don’t be afraid of consumption.”

These words were not fake. For example, the other guards of the Heavenly Court, such as Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Carillo, Lang Zong, Bing Xiu, and Lally, could be sacrificed at any time. There was no need to mention Little Six and Tao Guan. The reason why Xu Tui kept Kitawan was that he wanted to keep him for research.

Tao Guan was a comrade. Although he had died in battle, Xu Tui had to think of a way to pave a way for his comrades as long as his mental body existed.

Moreover, Xu Tui could not tell who would die in battle in the future. After all, this was war. However, it was also possible for Kitawan to carve out another path so that his comrades who had died in battle but had survived with their mental bodies could exist in another form.

“I will.” An Xiaoxue did not refuse and accepted it on the spot..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1