Chapter 1709 - 1709: Yanzi’S Request And Testing Success Rate (3)

Chapter 1709 - 1709: Yanzi’s Request and Testing Success Rate (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’ll keep my word. After sending the brothers back to the solar system, I’ll bring you to save your grandfather.”

“Commander, I promised my grandfather that I had to come back and see him. Please, help me,” Yanzi begged again.

Xu Tui: ‘ .

“Commander, you’re so heartless!”

“It’s not that I’m heartless! It’s just that the hopes of these expeditionary army brothers returning home are all on me. However, I promise you that I’ll definitely save your grandfather after we’re done…”

Suddenly, Yanzi stood up. ‘Xu Tui, I’ve decided to save my grandfather first. We’ll go to the Sacred Spiritual Planet first.”

Xu Tui was stunned. “No…

“Then you can choose to kill me!” Yanzi suddenly straightened her neck toward Xu Tui suddenly reacted when he heard that. He sneered and said, “Yanzi, are you threatening me?”

“Yes!” Yanzi and Xu Tui went head-to-head. “I’m threatening you!” A stern look appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. “I know. You can hypnotize me deeply and make me listen. However, if you’re not afraid of any accidents, you can try! I’m not sure if a researcher who has been deeply hypnotized can still have sharp judgment. Think about it yourself.

“Also, if there was a problem with the testing of the intergalactic quantum array core, it was hard to say how long it would take to redesign and improve it. You might fail two to three times and find the right method. You might also fail dozens of times and not be able to find the right direction.

“You’ve also done research. You know that researching new things is most likely a process of continuous trial and error. However, it would be completely different if we found my grandfather! After he examined and modified it, he should be able to successfully pass the series of tests on the intergalactic quantum array core.” Yanzi stared intently at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui weighed the pros and cons and pondered. Would a researcher still have sharp judgment and research abilities after being deeply hypnotized? He had not studied this! It was hard to say. He might, he might not!

However, Xu Tui wanted to take a gamble. After all, he was the one who tested the results. The only thing he was afraid of was that Yanzi, who had been deeply hypnotized, might not be able to solve the problem after the test went wrong.

However, Xu Tui could also wake Yanzi up again. This was a solution. Moreover, what if there were no problems with the test?

Yanzi gritted her teeth again when she saw the flash in Xu Tui’s eyes. “There’s an 80% chance that there will be a problem with the current intergalactic quantum array core.”

“Why?”

“Because of the structural method! The structural method is completely based on the method of the normal quantum array core. There should be a different structural method for the intergalactic quantum array core. Back then, thousands of people died and we had to explore it hundreds of times,” Yanzi said.

“How do you know so much?” Xu Tui asked.

“Back then, my grandfather was the main person in charge. My parents disappeared during the test…” Yanzi looked extremely sad when she said that they had disappeared. Disappearing during the test was equivalent to death. “I only have Grandpa as my family! Moreover, I really want to shorten the testing time of the intergalactic quantum array core. Otherwise, if something happens, the two of us might not be able to complete the test for years if we’re unlucky!”

“A few years…” Xu Tui carefully pondered over Yanzi’s words. “Ah Huang, use the big data to analyze the relevant situation that Yanzi mentioned just now,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Without the correct structure method, the probability of the first-generation intergalactic quantum array core being tested wrong is 91%. The probability of solving the problem within a month was 9%. The probability of solving the problem within three months was 16%. The probability of solving the problem within a year is 47%.”

Xu Tui:

This large amount of data made Xu Tui break out in a cold sweat. He did not dare to risk his luck. Under such circumstances, it seemed to be the right choice to meet Yanzi’s grandfather first.

“Do you have any relevant information?” Xu Tui asked..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1