Chapter 1702 - 1702: The Wrath And Madness Of The Holy Ancestor (2)

Chapter 1702 - 1702: The Wrath and Madness of the Holy Ancestor (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On second thought, there was really nothing major in the Spiritual Race that could compare to the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

“A bunch of trash. That group of ancient remnant races has already arrived at our doorstep, but you don’t know. You actually told me that nothing else has happened. The Sanctuary has been around for more than 2,700 years. Your batch of Sanctuary is the worst.”

The Holy Ancestor’s words were like thunder in everyone’s hearts.

Being an elder of the Holy Hall was not just a job. That was another starting point after his term was up.

However, Xu Yi instantly shuddered when he heard the Holy Ancestor’s words. He quickly said carefully, “Holy Ancestor, a few months ago, a small Blue Star army of 30 people charged into the Spiritual Race’s Star Field from the solar system. However, this small army is extremely cunning. We are currently organizing a large-scale siege. I estimate that the encirclement will be successful in three months at most.”

In reality, one and a half months had passed since Xu Yi set the deadline for Mu Sheng. However, Xu Yi had given himself a little more deadline.

“So you know what the problem is. Looks like you’re not too stupid!” The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had not come today to vent his anger. He could still control his basic emotions. “There’s an ancient remnant who completely made a Heavenly Court seal recognize him as its master in the Spiritual Race’s Star Field. Furthermore, it’s one of the 28 Constellations.

“This person was the first person in the Heavenly Court to recognize him as his master. It was very likely that he was the key to the return of the ancient Heavenly Court. I’ll give you three months to find this person. It doesn’t matter if he lives or dies!” The Holy Ancestor said.

“Understood. We will follow the Holy Ancestor’s decree.” Great Elder Xu Yi quickly howed.

The Holy Ancestor’s phantom nodded gently and was about to leave. However, before he left, he said, “If you can’t do it, you guys should change.” After saying that, the Holy Ancestor’s phantom dissipated. The light that had originally illuminated half of the Sacred Spiritual Planet returned to normal.

In the holy temple, the elders kneeling on the ground were covered in cold sweat.

Change!

Those words were too heavy.

In the next moment, the Great Elder of the Sanctuary, Xu Yi, stood up. As he stood up, the power in his body circulated. His swollen face instantly recovered, and the blood at the corner of his mouth dissipated, as if the scene just now had not happened. “Connect me to Mu Sheng!”

Anyone could hear the anger in Xu Yi’s low voice. In less than ten minutes, he connected to Elder Mu Sheng through the Ling Inquiry Disk.

The main elder and the commander of the army had Ling Inquiry Disk with them. They could contact each other at any time. In just ten minutes, Xu Yi’s anger and fear from being slapped by the Holy Ancestor were all directed at Elder Mu Sheng.

The other seven main elders stood behind Xu Yi and spoke majestically. In the end, all their anger turned into a sentence.

“Mu Sheng, there are more than 30 enemies. How cunning can they be? So what if they have a super theoretical speed? What I asked you to use is the power of the two Star Fields, the Northern Star Field and the Western Star Field.

“Then you told me that it still didn’t work? I don’t care what method you use. If you can’t catch these Blue Star rats within three months, I can only hold you responsible. It’s time for us to change some of the elders in the main seat of the Sanctuary.” After scolding them, Xu Yi hung up.

After the call ended, Xu Yi called for the third main elder, Huo Nan, who had been slapped with them just now.

“Huo Nan, you are the main elder on duty. What do you say about this?” Xu Yi asked.

“This…” The third main elder, Huo Nan, had a helpless expression. The best way to do such a thing was to stay far away. However, as the elder on duty for the past ten years, anyone could avoid it, except him.

“I feel that Mu Sheng is not strong enough! Bring another team and surround them. You’ve already seen the anger of the Holy Ancestor. There’s no need for me to say anything harsh,” Xu Yi said.

“I understand, but from the current trajectory of the encirclement, I’m not confident either! The super theoretical speed of this army is too difficult to encircle and annihilate,” Huo Nan said.

“If it wasn’t difficult, would I need you, the third main elder, to step forward?” Xu Yi sneered.

“Great Elder, I need your support!” Huo Nan suddenly said.

“What support?”

“I need six to eight elders of the Xu Clan to deal with or restrain the super theoretical speed of this Blue Star army,” Huo Nan said.

Xu Yi pondered. Their Void Clan had the most difficult bloodline reproduction and cultivation. There were too few clansmen who could grow up.

Moreover, even among the clansmen who had grown up, most of them were considered top-notch as long as they did not reach Xu Yi’s level. However, their skin was thin and their blood was fragile. He usually did not use it if he could.

But today…

“Alright, within a day, there will be six elders of the Void Clan who will listen to your orders! However, there’s one thing that you have to remember clearly. If you can’t surround and kill this Blue Star army within three months, I’ll deal with you before the Holy Ancestor punishes me,” Xu Yi said.

“Don’t worry, Great Elder!”

On the other side, Elder Mu Sheng, who had been cursed at full blast by Great Elder Xu Yi, was also about to go crazy.

Great Elder Xu Yi never joked. His words today were clearly going to get serious. He was only the 13th main elder. He was not as deeply rooted as the other main elders. So Great Elder Xu Yi could deal with him just like that.

Therefore, Mu Sheng was very nervous. The pressure was huge. At this moment, he couldn’t care less about balance and face. He directly used the might of the 13th main elder and ordered the commanders of the two star fields, Huo Xiao and Feng Qihan, to mobilize their forces again.

20 Nine Satellites Planetary realms were transferred from the Sanctuary to participate in the battle. They would use the most strength to seal off the wider Star Field to complete the encirclement.

This was the best solution Mu Sheng could think of at this moment.

The number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who participated in the encirclement reached a terrifying 50. These encirclement troops were expected to be in position in ten days.

Mu Sheng also specially found these lightning-type and wind-type supernatural beings of Nine Satellites Planetary realm and formed a few ultra-fast reaction teams.

Mu Sheng also went all out!

On the 8th of January 2142 of the Blue Star Calendar, Feng Qihan was the first to cross space and catch up to Asteroid 424.

However, the invaders of Asteroid 424 had already left. Through various trajectories, Feng Qihan had confirmed that the invaders that had invaded Asteroid 424 were the Blue Star army they had surrounded previously.

According to the observation data of some civilian equipment and some civilian observations, on the night of January 5th, four fighter jets that they had never seen before soared into the sky from Asteroid 424 and disappeared into space.

This information made Feng Qihan and Mu Sheng extremely aggrieved.

What the f*ck…

They ran away again!

He was only two days away! Just two days away!

At least the distance was getting shorter. This was the only good news. Mu Sheng and Feng Qihan immediately studied the direction of the escape of this Blue Star army and adjusted their previous siege strategy.

The various ultra-fast reaction teams also rushed to the surrounding planets at full speed.

This time, Mu Sheng was going to spread his net.

Mu Sheng’s plan was that no matter how cunning the enemy of the Blue Star was, there were at least two Nine Satellites Planetary realm stationed on each of the 12 planets in the 30-day voyage around Asteroid 424. They also carried a quantum array core and could set up a quantum teleportation channel at any time.

Then, the other main forces spread out and used a three-layered encirclement to continuously search and narrow the range of the encirclement. He did not believe that he would not be able to catch these Blue Star rats!

Mu Sheng felt that he would definitely be able to catch this group of Blue Star rats in half a month to a month and a half.

However, what Mu Sheng did not know was that just as the elders of the Holy Hall were being slapped, just as he was desperately gathering more forces to surround the Western Star Field,

Xu Tui and the others had already silently arrived at Asteroid 677 of the Northern Star Field, and be a rat 500 meters underground!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1