Chapter 1708 - 1708: Yanzi’S Request And Testing Success Rate (2)

Chapter 1708 - 1708: Yanzi’s Request and Testing Success Rate (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With this identity jade token, even if the army stood in front of Xu Tui and Yanzi, they would also be genuine members of the Spiritual Race.

At night, Yanzi and Xu Tui were studying the relevant knowledge.

Yanzi was studying related information about Qiu Xuan, hobbies, past relationships, and so on.

Qiu Xuan’s appearance was quite different from Yanzi’s, even though Yanzi had adjusted her face slightly, making her look like Qiu Xuan. However, there were still many differences. This was also the reason why she had to use micro plastic surgery as an excuse. She could use plastic surgery as an excuse, but she could not make any excuses for anything else. She had to be as familiar with her as possible and make fewer mistakes.

Xu Tui was studying the basic knowledge of the Spiritual Race to prevent himself from making some common sense mistakes in the future.

“Yanzi, we can leave Asteroid 677 in the afternoon when the identity jade token comes tomorrow. But before we leave, I think we have to prepare for the first test. That will save us more time.

“This is the information on the three candidate planets near the intergalactic quantum array core that I’ve tentatively chosen to stabilize and pass the pressure test for the first time. Choose one. Then, we can pass through the cosmic tunnel and travel far enough. We will be able to undergo a pressure test,” Xu Tui said.

The intergalactic quantum array core was developed by Yanzi on the basis of an intergalactic quantum array core. Although it had the foundation of the past, it was a completely new thing. They had to undergo many tests before they could use it to return home. Otherwise, if half of this thing collapsed, the Worldly Expeditionary Force would die too unjustly. Therefore, he had to do these tests.

Yanzi took Xu Tui’s information and scanned through it. She did not give Xu Tui an answer. Instead, she raised her head and looked at Xu Tui.

“According to your plan, we have to do at least five to six rounds of tests before we can undergo the ultimate test. Then, we can undergo teleportation. In that case, it’s too slow. I have a faster way,” Yanzi said.

“A faster way? Isn’t that the plan we discussed previously?” Xu Tui frowned.

“There are better choices,” Yanzi insisted.

“Tell me about it.”

“To see my grandfather! My grandfather participated in the refinement and testing of the intergalactic quantum array core a long time ago. As long as my grandfather takes a look, it will save us a lot of detours,” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui frowned. “Yanzi, didn’t I tell you previously? Help us test the intergalactic quantum array core, then I’ll let you leave. You can look for your grandfather. The identity right now was also to make it easier for you to find your grandfather. Why did you suddenly change your mind? Do you not trust me? Are you afraid that I’ll change my mind and not let you leave?”

Yanzi shook her head. “I believe you, but I also believe that you might affect your decision for the collective benefit of the Blue Star. However, these are not the reasons for my changes now.” “And that is?”

“Look at the news I found.”

Yanzi sent Xu Tui a summary. This was an insider report sent out by the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. Only people with a certain status could receive this insider report.

Yanzi saw it through the identity information of the planet’s chief, Qiu Nian. The granddaughter of the Inner Hall Elder of the Sanctuary, Yanzi, was

suspected to have detected to the enemy. It the various Star Fields discovered Yanzi, they would capture her and report her immediately. If they discovered any other relevant information, they would have to report it immediately.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. That was not surprising. When the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was destroyed, Yanzi’s surrender was no longer a secret after the arrival of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing.

Later on, when they killed their way into the Spiritual Race’s Star Field, Yanzi fought and led the way several times. The true and extremely unique supernatural abilities were more attractive every time.

“If a briefing like the Sanctuary is out, then my grandfather must be controlled by the Sanctuary. I have to see my grandfather!” Yanzi said.

“Meet or save?” Xu Tui frowned.

“You can understand it as saving.”

Xu Tui could not help but be furious when he heard that. “If your grandfather is really controlled by the Sanctuary, how can we save him? How could he be saved? Are you so naive that you think I’ll go to the Sacred Spiritual Planet with you to save your grandfather? How is that possible!”

“Xu Tui, I know your abilities. It’s possible.”

“My ability is possible, but I can’t take the risk for this! The safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force is on me. I have to find a way home for them in the shortest time possible,” Xu Tui said.

“Xu Tui, take it that I’m begging you, okay?” Yanzi begged.

Xu Tui did not hesitate. He shook his head firmly and refused. “Yanzi, if it was just me, I would think of a way to help you! But now, I really can’t. I have to make a way home in the shortest time possible and bring my brothers back to the Blue Star! I promised to bring all my brothers from the expeditionary army home!”

“Commander, please!” Yanzi’s voice was already filled with tears.

Xu Tui thought for a moment but did not go overboard. After all, it was related to the intergalactic quantum array core. He still had to rely on Yanzi. “Yanzi, I can promise you that after I send my brothers from the expeditionary army back to the solar system, I will come over again and think of a way to help you save your grandfather. What do you think?”

“Commander, I don’t have any relatives anymore. I only have one grandfather,”

Yanzi emphasized..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1