Chapter 1718 - 1718: Feng Ye L S Arrangement And Surprise (3)

Chapter 1718 - 1718: Feng Ye l s Arrangement and Surprise (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“No problem. As usual, it’s 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals. The time is at most half an hour. You can’t kill him, much less cripple him. You have to treat him well before you leave.” The Spiritual Prison’s supervisor only sneered to himself at Can Li’s so-called excuse. There were not many Inner Hall elders who could do such shameless things openly. “I understand the rules.”

“Alright, I’ll arrange it immediately.” “By the way, Supervisor Qiao, I want to bring two in to help me this time.” “Help you? Help you with what?”

“Professional matters need to be done by people from the professions. We’ll ask some questions and treat the old man well. After all, he was my former master,” Can Li said.

“Oh, that’s true. Then add 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Even Can Li, who usually had a large source of money, felt a little pained by this price. After all, it was not reimbursed. “Supervisor Qiao, I only brought two attendants.”

“Are they just attendants? If they’re just attendants, you can choose not to bring them along.” Supervisor Qiao sneered.

Can Li still wanted to bargain, but under Xu Tui’s warning gaze, he agreed. “Alright. My housekeeper will send the things and a small gift to your house later.”

“Alright, I’ll inform the guards of the Spiritual Prison later.”

After the call ended, Can Li cursed unhappily, “This damn guy wants Origin Crystals but doesn’t believe me. I have to send the Origin Crystals to his house before he’s willing to give the order.”

Can Li quickly made arrangements under Xu Tui’s gaze. While the housekeeper was arranged to send the Origin Crystals, Xu Tui also instructed Can Li to bring him and Yanzi to the Spiritual Prison immediately to wait. As soon as he could enter, he would immediately enter the Spiritual Prison.

This matter should not be delayed.

The Spiritual Prison was more than 8,000 kilometers away from its current location. Xu Tui could reach it in less than ten minutes. However, Can Li’s speed was rather slow. It would take at least 40 minutes.

On the way, before he arrived, Can Li received a reply from the Spiritual Prison’s supervisor. The matter had been handed over. After he entered, he had to remember the time.

The Spiritual Prison was a fortress built a thousand meters underground in the west of the Sacred Spiritual Planet. The difficulty of breaking through from the outside could be imagined.

Can Li was a regular here. After revealing his identity, he sent 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals to the guards of the Spiritual Prison today. The other guards also received 100 grams of Origin Crystals each.

This guy was very good at causing trouble. Even with Xu Tui and Yanzi, they successfully entered the Spiritual Prison. However, less than five minutes after Can Li brought Xu Tui and Yanzi into the Spiritual Prison, Feng Ye suddenly received an emergency report.

“Lord Elder, Can Li has gone to see Yan Wuyu again!”

He had just entered his clone body not long ago, so he could basically walk normally. However, he was still a little clumsy. He could not walk freely like the original body. Even his speech was a little slow.

“He… went to see Yan Wuyu again? Can Li is really shameless in order to obtain Yan Wuyu’s blood,” Feng Ye said. “Continue to keep an eye on him secretly. If Can Li obtains any substantial progress or gains, inform me immediately.

“Also, inform me immediately if anyone else comes into contact with Yan Wuyu. This might be another line!” Feng Ye said.

“Alright, Lord Elder! However, there’s another situation that I have to report to you.”

“Speak!”

“In the past, when Can Li went to interrogate Yan Wuyu, he was alone. This time, he brought two people with him!”

“What? He actually brought someone else?” Feng Ye suddenly stood up. Surprise appeared in his eyes.. “Could it be that this line really worked? Has my chance come?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1