Chapter 1716 - 1716: Feng Ye’S Arrangement And Surprise (1)

Chapter 1716: Feng Ye’s Arrangement and Surprise (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment Can Li woke up from the bone-piercing cold, he instinctively trembled uncontrollably. His entire body twitched violently, and his eyes were filled with fear.

Fear!

After a full five minutes, the trembling Can Li finally calmed down a little. Only then did he confirm that he had escaped the previous hell. His red eyes moved like a rabbit’s. He was careful and cautious.

When he saw his intact arms, Can Li could not help but shiver. Hadn’t his arms been burned clean? Was he not out of the previous hell?

He could not help but pinch his arm.

It hurt.

It hurts!

It was true. It was not an illusion!

Can Li was stunned for a moment and was a little puzzled. He was definitely unwilling to experience another round of hell-like experience like before. It seemed to have made his thoughts a little sluggish.

He looked up carefully like a red-eyed rabbit and saw Xu Tui through the ice. The moment he saw Xu Tui, Can Li suddenly trembled. He subconsciously jumped, but he crashed into the ice. Then, he subconsciously twitched again.

Xu Tui was speechless. Wasn’t this guy’s willpower too weak? How did he cultivate to the Eight Satellites Planetary realm with such a weak willpower? But then again, living a pampered life could indeed continuously wear down one’s will.

A gentle home was a hero’s tomb!

“You… You… You…” Can Li stared at Xu Tui in fear. However, he could not say anything else other than “you”. It was not a dream! The hellish experience just now was real!

Moreover, he might have to do it again! Suddenly, a thought that terrified Can Li appeared in his mind. Could the two guys before him be demons? He wanted to treat his arm and grow it back. He wanted to burn it again and make him go through hell again.

At the thought of this, Can Li’s entire body began to tremble. Could the guys in front of him be any more demonic?

In reality, Xu Tui, who was in front of him, might be more demonic to Can Li than he had imagined.

“Do you want to live or die?” Xu Tui asked Can Li.

“I want to… live… I want to live!” Can Li’s upper jaw kept trembling.

“If you want to live, be obedient.”

Then, under Can Li’s gaze, Xu Tui took out a small toolbox. The toolbox was not big. It was only a little larger than an ordinary briefcase. However, under Xu Tui’s assembly, it became a shelf in a few seconds.

A shelf? Can Li did not understand. However, Xu Tui then took out another tool bag. There were scissors, knives, hammers, threads, and many very exquisite tools in the tool bag.

After being stunned for two breaths, Can Li suddenly reacted. This tool bag was a surgical bag, so the shelf in front of him was a surgical bed or an easy surgical support.

“What… What are you doing?” Can Li was shocked again. He thought that it was already his limit to be burned alive again. However, he did not expect the demon in front of him to want to modify his human body.

While Can Li was trembling, Xu Tui waved a scalpel quickly. “I’ll install a gadget in your head. It was an extremely exquisite mind power bomb. I’m sure you understand. Next, you need to help us do something. You understand the consequences if you do anything abnormal,” Xu Tui said.

“A… mind power bomb…” Can Li stammered again. “How can I cooperate before you remove this mind power bomb?”

“This is the most advanced mind power bomb that is a combination of supernatural and technology. Thirty days after it enters the body, it will naturally dissipate as long as it is not activated.

“Therefore, you have to think of a way to help us fulfill any request we have. Of course, we will also take into account your identity. We won’t let you become the public enemy of the Spiritual Race,” Xu Tui said.

According to Yang Huai, the best way to deal with captives was fear and hope. He had to give hope. Not only did a hopeless captive have no bottom line, but he might even become hysterical and useless.

“It won’t make me… become the public enemy of the Spiritual Race…” Can Li smiled bitterly, but he could only nod helplessly.

There was a certain level of defense in his residence. But it was only a very ordinary defense force. After all, with his status, no one dared to touch him on the Sacred Spiritual Planet. Who knew that they would encounter a demon like Xu Tui?

Next, Xu Tui used hypnosis to make anesthetic. He strongly hinted that the head did not belong to Can Li. He roughly opened Can Li’s head.

Injuring his nerves?

Firstly, it did not matter. Secondly, Xu Tui’s mental perception was several times more advanced than the most advanced scanning equipment. He would not make such a mistake. A few minutes later, Xu Tui placed a silver dot that was slightly larger than a grain of rice into Can Li’s wound. He then remotely activated it.

It was a fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip from the

Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. This was Xu Tui’s previous spoils of war. As it did not take up much space, it had been thrown into the quantum dimensional chain.

At this moment, he took it out and used it. As for the so-called mind power bomb, it was used to fool Can Li. It was not purely fooling him. Through the extremely realistic on-site surgery, coupled with Xu Tui’s many strong psychological hints to Can Li under hypnosis,

Can Li already believed more than anyone that there was really a mind power bomb implanted in his head. Once this bomb was detonated, not only his head, but even his mental body would be completely exploded in an instant..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1