Chapter 1710 - 1710: The Ultimate Arms Of The Spiritual Race?

Chapter 1710 - 1710: The Ultimate Arms of the Spiritual Race?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In front of the Defense Fortress of the cosmic tunnel node of Asteroid 677.

Xu Tui and Yanzi, or rather, Bing Zhen and Qiu Xuan, were handing their passes and identity jade tokens to the guards to pass.

It was mainly because this Defense Fortress had been attacked not long ago. Now, safety work was very serious. Even though Qiu Xuan was the daughter of the Planetary Chief, she had to queue obediently.

There was also the most important reason. Currently, both the Western Star Field and the Northern Star Field are in a state of war. Military intelligence first. People like Qiu Xuan, who were out on an individual trip, had to be at the back.

But they were on Asteroid 677, after all. They successfully passed the Defense Fortress. There was a pass mark on their identity jade tokens.

This was a little similar to the Blue Star passport. There was a record of one entry and exit.

Before they left, Qiu Nian nagged Qiu Xuan several times, telling her not to go directly to the Sacred Spiritual Planet. She should take a walk on the planets with cosmic tunnel nodes along the way.

In that case, there would be more records on their passes and identity jade tokens. When the time came, they would be allowed to enter the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

Their current identity jade tokens were brand new. If there were a few more traces of the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Fortress, it would be equivalent to a few other checkpoints as guarantees. Otherwise, they might have encountered trouble if they directly headed to the Sacred Spiritual Planet with the identity jade token that only had one pass. If they encountered trouble on the Sacred Spiritual Planet, his status as the chief of this planet might not be useful.

Along the way, in order to make it easier for them to move around in the future, Xu Tui and Yanzi followed the suggestion of Qiu Nian and entered four planets with cosmic tunnel nodes. But Xu Tui had broadened his views when he entered the second planet with a cosmic tunnel node.

When she handed over her pass and identity jade token, Yanzi openly handed over 100 grams of Origin Crystals. The guard accepted the Origin Crystals very normally. Then, he took the pass and identity jade token and planted a pass mark on the commander. It was completed in less than five minutes.

“Is this a normal fee, or?” Xu Tui asked after he was done.

“You can understand it that way. Without the 100 grams of Origin Crystals, they would have let them pass, but they would have followed the normal procedures. A normal procedure would have taken at least six hours. You can spend money to buy convenience,” Yanzi said.

The defense of the interior of the Spiritual Race was much simpler than Xu Tui had imagined.

Xu Tui and Yanzi spent 400 grams of Origin Crystals to enter and leave four strategically important cosmic tunnel nodes within a day and a half. As he did not want to waste it, Xu Tui secretly did two things on these four planets.

One of them was to send Ah Huang’s program clone into the planet’s quantum intelligence center through hypnosis. Ah Huang’s program clone would completely spread throughout the quantum network of the Spiritual Race’s Star Field with a legal identity.

In the future, Ah Huang would be able to provide Xu Tui with intelligence support wherever there was a quantum intelligence network of the Spiritual Race. Moreover, even if Ah Huang was discovered, it would be extremely difficult to eliminate it in a short period of time.

The other thing was that Xu Tui easily set up two sets of quantum array cores on a few of the planets in the name of playing around. It could be considered a cunning rabbit with three burrows for future use.

Indeed, it was the easiest to break through the fortress from the inside. It was simply too easy for him to completely transform into a member of the Spiritual Race and travel within the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui felt that it would not be a problem for him to bring two to three more people through the cosmic tunnel. If there was a suitable caravan disguised, it was also possible to bring all the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force through the cosmic passageway.

Of course, it was only limited to the current Northern Star Field. The current investigation of the cosmic tunnel where the Western Star Field was was extremely strict. After all, according to the current intelligence of the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star Rats were still jumping around in the Western Star Field.

Along the way, there were many pedestrians like Yanzi and Xu Tui. There were also merchant groups. The military had encountered them five times. Four armies had checked Xu Tui and Yanzi’s documents along the way.

To a certain extent, Yanzi’s current identity was considered a dignitary. She did not suffer any difficulties.

On January 13, 2142, Xu Tui and Yanzi arrived at the Sacred Spiritual Pass.

This was a checkpoint set up by the Spiritual Race in the cosmic tunnel. Its goal was to be the outpost of the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

Defense was not very useful. After all, the construction of the cosmic tunnel was extremely difficult. It was a checkpoint set up by 20 Planetary realm experts with thousands of quasi-planetary experts.

If there was a problem here, the Sacred Spiritual Planet would be able to react immediately.

With the Origin Crystals clearing the way and the previous pass records, there was no obstruction along the way. Half an hour later, Xu Tui and Yanzi passed through the cosmic node defense fortress of the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

This was an extremely magnificent defense fortress.

Why did he say that?

That was because this was the longest and most defensive fortress that Xu Tui had passed through. The safe tunnel was 20 kilometers long. There were nine layers of defense within 20 kilometers. Every level was an independent Defense Level. There were independent safety doors.

If the safety door fell, even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm would not be able to break through in a short period of time. If there was any interference, this fortress would be almost impossible to conquer on the Spiritual Race’s Sacred Spiritual Planet.

At least from the current situation, Xu Tui had not thought of a way to overcome it. It only allowed three people to pass side by side. If they were attacked, it would be in all aspects.

Xu Tui could only fill in the blanks with the lives of Planetary realm powerhouses. He could not estimate how much he needed.

The blue sky and white clouds, other than the so-called sun that carried a dark golden color. Xu Tui felt like he had returned to the Blue Star the moment he stepped out of the fortress. The greenery and ecological environment were very similar to the Blue Star.

Looking back at the fortress, he felt indescribably small. The entire cosmic node tunnel fortress of the Sacred Spiritual Planet was built like a continuous mountain. Just looking at it made one feel despair that they would never be able to conquer.

“This is the most famous Sacred Spiritual Fortress of the Spiritual Race. There are only four built in the entire Spiritual Race. Three of them are on the Sacred Spiritual Planet,” Yanzi introduced to Xu Tui.

“There are two such fortresses?” Xu Tui communicated with Yanzi through his consciousness.

“That’s right. There are also two Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Defense Fortresses. They are also Sacred Spiritual Fortresses that have invincible defenses and are said to be impenetrable by the experts of the small universe.

“There were 20 quantum teleportation channels built in every defensive fortress. There were also 10 backup quantum teleportation channels. In a state of emergency, they can send or gather 60 powerful Planetary realm experts in five minutes,” Yanzi said.

“Then where is the last Sacred Spiritual fortress?” In Xu Tui’s opinion, the location of the last Sacred Spiritual fortress must be another extremely important strategic enemy of the Spiritual Race. That was why he asked this question.

Unexpectedly, Yanzi shook her head. “Not only do I not know where the last Sacred Spiritual Fortress is, but even my grandfather doesn’t know. My grandfather even said that very, very few people in the Spiritual Race knew where the last Sacred Spiritual fortress was. It’s said that this last Sacred Spiritual Fortress is the ultimate arms of our Spiritual Race!”

“Ultimate arms? Why is that?” Xu Tui was curious.

Yanzi shook her head again. “If I knew, I would have told you long ago. Perhaps only the main elder would know.”

“The ultimate arms!” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and muttered. He was a little curious. What exactly were the ultimate arms of the Spiritual Race? “Let’s go and follow the plan.”

“Let’s go.”

The first step according to the plan was naturally shopping.

According to Qiu Xuan’s character, she was here to play on the most prosperous home planet of the Spiritual Race, the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

A woman’s play was to buy, buy, buy!

To be honest, Xu Tui had known about this situation on the Blue Star, but he had never experienced it. At that time, he and An Xiaoxue spent all their time in the research institute. They were either researching or cultivating. They only needed a certain amount of daily consumables.

Shopping in the mall? It was completely outside of An Xiaoxue’s expectations. Wouldn’t that be a waste of time? Therefore, Xu Tui had always felt that it was too much of an exaggeration for many men online to complain that shopping with their girlfriends was tiring.

How could he be tired from walking five to six kilometers in three to four hours? How was that possible?

However, Xu Tui had a real experience today.

It was very tiring!

He did not feel much strength, but he had dozens of bags on him. His hands were full, but he did not dare to throw them into the quantum dimensional chain. After all, not many people in the Spiritual Race had quantum dimensional chains.

In just half a day, Xu Tui felt as if he had fought a great battle. He was a little tired. He had also witnessed how terrifying Yanzi was. More than 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals had disappeared in the afternoon.

Of course, these funds were given by her father, Qiu Nian. Although shopping was part of the act, Xu Tui felt that Yanzi enjoyed shopping like this. The Sacred Spiritual Planet in the evening was a little beautiful. Under the slightly dark golden sunlight, it had a different ersatz exoticism. Under the dark golden sunlight, Yanzi brought Xu Tui and carried the gifts to a small courtyard outside the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

“This is the residence of a famous disciple of my grandfather.”

“If he’s your grandfather’s disciple, he should have been monitored by the

Spiritual Race’s intelligence agencies, right?”

“He’s a disciple who was removed by my grandfather. He’s an enemy! He stole my grandfather’s research results and submitted to my grandfather’s enemy. He made my grandfather so angry that he vomited blood, but my grandfather could not do anything to him. Now, he is one of the few core refiners who entered the Sanctuary among the new generation of quantum array refiners of the Spiritual Race,” Yanzi said in a low voice.

Xu Tui frowned. “Are you here to find your grandfather or to take revenge?”

“Can’t we do both?” Yanzi smiled at Xu Tui. “If he were to investigate my grandfather’s whereabouts, no one would suspect his motives. After all, he and my grandfather were mortal enemies! He was the most suitable candidate.

“If possible, we would trick him to death. It would be considered as venting his anger on behalf of my grandfather. Of course, before he dies, we can get him to help us take a look at the intergalactic array core. He is very accomplished in the quantum array core. He is also participating in the refinement of the intergalactic quantum array core.”

“Knock on the door.” Xu Tui tilted his head..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1