Chapter 1715 - 1715: Recognition And Chance (2)

Chapter 1715: Recognition and Chance (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a high chance of survival. He already understood what Xu Tui meant. Everyone would be relaxed if he cooperated and listened.

The corners of Xu Tui’s lips curled up slightly when he saw Can Li nod vigorously. The second rule of Yang 1–luai’s Torture Tome—if he wanted to quickly break through the target’s psychological defense in a short period of time, he had to give the target hope.

Xu Tui had just given Can Li some hope. “Tell me, why did you suddenly leave just now?”

“I really want to check the information.”

Xu Tui sneered. This guy was really cunning. “Alright, then it looks like there’s no room for negotiation.” Xu Tui activated his mind power and created a channel for Yanzi from the thickened ice seal. “Burn it. Burn it until his mental body collapses.”

The purple flames instantly burned up Can Li’s arm along the tunnel. One of his arms quickly turned to ashes amidst the purple flames. Xu Tui continued to strengthen the ice seal. At the same time, he sealed Can Li’s mouth and nose.

In the rising white gas in the ice seal, Can Li, whose body had been burned on the spot, had an extremely twisted expression of pain. Ever since he could refine a quantum array core, he had never suffered like this.

It was like living in hell.

The burning lasted for a full two minutes, turning one of Can Li’s arms into ashes. Due to the intense pain in his body, Can Li’s mental body was also fluctuating violently. His mind power was also depleted.

In the ice seal, the rising water vapor turned into ice. It was slippery, making Can Li feel as if he had been possessed by a poisonous snake. Xu Tui’s voice rang out again.

“I know much more than you think. My abilities are also stronger and more mysterious than you think. You can act smart and cunning in front of me. I just don’t know how many chances you have to play! At most, we’ll kill you immediately and change our identities to hide. The Sacred Spiritual Planet is so big. Guess how long it will take for the Sanctuary to track us down.” Xu Tui chuckled, but his laughter made Can Li tremble.

The enemy in front of him was too ruthless. Every attack was on his vital points. He could still be smart a few more times. Can Li was not too sure. It might be three or five times. However, he did not want to experience the hellish torture of his body being burned a second time.

It was too painful!

Also, Xu Tui’s last sentence had frightened him. The Sacred Spiritual Planet was really large. The population was really, really large. The flow of people was extremely frequent. If he died, the Sanctuary might not be able to track down the murderer in a short period of time. Even if they found the murderer, it had nothing to do with him.

Because he was completely dead!

Therefore, Can Li was really a little afraid.

“Now, answer my previous question again,” Xu Tui asked Can Li. “I discovered a problem from the intergalactic quantum array core that Qiu

Xuan gave me.

“What problem?” “A familiar technique.”

“Be clearer.”

“Currently, there are three refinement methods for the intergalactic quantum array core in the Sanctuary. One of them is the classic Yan Clan’s refinement method, and the other two are methods that have been modified from the Yan Clan’s refinement method. They have already changed drastically.

“However, this set of intergalactic quantum array cores used a classic Yan Clan’s refinement method. Furthermore, this was an improved Yan Clan’s refinement method that even I did not know about.

“In the Spiritual Race, I knew all the core refiners who could use the classic Yan Clan’s refinement method. Six of them were already dead, and the other five were already living under surveillance because of Yan Wuyu. Therefore, I felt that Qiu Xuan’s identity was suspicious. I want to find someone to investigate her at the last minute,” Can Li said.

“Why is the person who refined the Yan Clan’s refinement method suspicious?”

“Because everyone who knows the classic Yan Clan’s refinement method is his enemy!” The person who answered this question was Yanzi.

Hearing this, Can Li’s gaze suddenly became sharp. “Who exactly are you? You know the Yan Clan’s refinement method and the purple flames that are most suitable for the core. You are definitely not Qiu Xuan from the Qiu Clan!”

“Continue burning!” Xu Tui only said two words. In the next moment, Can Li screamed again. However, Xu Tui sealed his mouth with ice and could not let out a single scream.

Two minutes later, not only did Can Li, whose other arm had been burned, collapse, but he was also burned to the point of incontinence. It was only because he was enveloped by the ice seal that the smell…

Xu Tui was already a little disgusted. His ice seal was actually very clean. By the side, Yanzi finally understood why Xu Tui had attacked. It turned out that the flaw was in the intergalactic quantum array core itself. “Are there any other problems with the intergalactic quantum array core I refined?”

“Let’s not ask about that first.” Xu Tui interrupted Yanzi. He could not ask any more questions in this area. The third rule of the interrogation was that no safety issues could be placed on the captive’s statement. The captive’s statement had to be verified and judged by many parties. Therefore, from the moment he captured Can Li, he could not ask questions about the intergalactic quantum array core. “I’ll ask, you’ll answer. Continue. Do you understand?”

In the ice seal, Can Li, who had a head full of frost, nodded like a chick pecking at grains.

“Where is Yan Wuyu currently being detained?”

“The Earth-rank in the Spiritual Prison,” Can Li replied readily.

“Impossible.” Yanzi retorted, ‘With Yan Wuyu’s status, it’s impossible for him to be locked up in the Spiritual Prison. He should be locked up in the Five Elements Spiritual Prison.”

“What do you know! The Spiritual Prison is a place to lock up prisoners. The Five Elements Spiritual Prison is a place to punish criminals. After all, Yan Wuyu was once the second elder of the Sanctuary.

“Currently, we have only basically confirmed that his granddaughter, Yanzi, has betrayed the clan. However, we have no concrete evidence against him, so he is only being locked up in the Spiritual Prison.”

When she heard that her grandfather had indeed been locked up in the Spiritual Prison for her, Yanzi’s eyes turned red. Tears almost fell. Seeing this scene, Can Li’s eyes lit up. “You’re related to Yan Wuyu? Could it be that you… are Junior Sister Yanzi?”

While Yanzi was surprised, she received Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission,

“Admit your identity. ”

“Scram, I don’t have a senior brother like you!”

However, these words undoubtedly admitted his identity. In an instant, Can Li was stunned. He did not expect Qiu Xuan in front of him to be Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter, Yanzi. While Can Li was stunned, Xu Tui instantly activated

Spiritual Concealment, Spiritual resonance, Spiritual radiation, and Hypnosis.

In the next moment, Can Li fainted.

Yanzi distracted Can Li. Can Li’s current mind power was very poor, so Xu Tui took the opportunity to successfully hypnotize him. However, he did not achieve deep hypnosis. He could not control him from doing this and that. Despite that, he could still obtain relevant information.

Next, Xu Tui continuously guided Can Li’s thoughts through the questions. Then, he used his spiritual radiation to observe Can Li’s subconscious image. Not long after, surprise appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. “Yanzi, give me a photo of your grandfather.”

After obtaining Yanzi’s photo, Xu Tui suddenly said, “If my memory is correct, this Can Li went to the so-called Spiritual Prison alone and saw your grandfather three times in the past month.”

“Why is he going to see my grandfather?” Yanzi was puzzled.

Xu Tui paused but did not say anything immediately. However, Yanzi said stubbornly, “Tell me!”

“Interrogation! He wants to obtain the latest research results from your grandfather! The condition he set is to find your whereabouts,” Xu Tui said.

“How shameless!” Amidst Yanzi’s anger, purple flames danced. She was about to burn Cal Li when Xu Tui stopped her.

“Yanzi, don’t you think that this is our chance?”

“A chance?”

“Yes. Next, not only can we not torture him anymore, but we have to return him to his original state so that we can use him.”

Xu Tui stuffed a large bottle of Spiritual Race’s Restoration Pills into Can Li’s mouth. Then, he found Can Li’s original quantum frequency, synchronized it, and magnified it. He maximized the treatment effect.

The unconscious Can Li instantly woke up. His body straightened on the spot and twisted into an S-shape. The pain from before was even more intense. It was like thousands of ants piercing into his heart. It overflowed in his body. Flesh was rapidly growing on the two burned arms..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1