Chapter 1714 - 1714: Recognition And Chance (1)

Chapter 1714 - 1714: Recognition and Chance (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yanzi knew very well that Xu Tui would not attack Can Li for no reason. He must have discovered something.

Yanzi entered a battle stance. Her hands were filled with the one- time-use offensive Origin Crystal ability seal cards that she had refined. After hanging out with the Worldly Demon Slayers for the past few years, some things had already fused into Yanzi’s bones.

Xu Tui, who was controlling Can Li, gestured for Yanzi not to be nervous with his eyes. He spread out his mind power and confirmed that there were no abnormalities in Can Li’s residence. The butler was also normal. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief.

“This guy might have discovered something. He wanted to deal with me when he left,” Xu Tui said to Yanzi through voice transmission.

“Then what should we do? Can we hypnotize him again? Unfortunately, he didn’t finish checking the intergalactic quantum array core.” Yanzi was still pitying this.

Actually, this was also what made Xu Tui angry. He could forcefully hypnotize existences with low mind power.

Xu Tui’s current abilities and mind power could forcefully hypnotize Planetary realm experts below the Seven Satellites, even superb individuals, even if they were already on guard and had raised their vigilance to the extreme. However, it would be difficult for those above the Seven Satellites, especially if the other party became wary of Xu Tui.

As for Can Li, his mind power was a little stronger than an ordinary Eight

Satellites Planetary realm. It was also because he specialized in research that his combat strength was relatively weak. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have been able to easily control him.

Xu Tui thought for a few seconds and suddenly asked Yanzi, “Can I kill this

Before Yanzi could answer, Can Li’s eyes were already filled with fear. He began to shake his head quickly in the limited space in the ice.

He did not want to die!

Of course, it was not that Can Li was too afraid of death. It was mainly because he had seen too many cases of big shots being suffocated at the hands of small fries, let alone ambition and wealth. It was not worth dying like that!

Can Li has a bright future now. He was definitely unwilling to die like that.

Xu Tui sneered to himself when he saw Can Li’s expression. Xu Tui had learned a lot about torture from Yang Huai. Torture was actually just a means. Their goal was to break through the target’s psychological defense. Then again, any method that could break through the target’s psychological defense was an effective interrogation.

There were different methods of breaking through psychological defenses of desperadoes and rich people.

At this moment, Xu Tui was deliberately asking Yanzi this question. It was also the foundation of the subsequent interrogation.

“We can’t kill him immediately.” Yanzi shook her head. “The elders of the inner and outer halls of the Sanctuary have recorded the initial fluctuation core of the mental body in the Sanctuary.

“If his mental body is destroyed, the initial fluctuation core of his mental body recorded in the Sanctuary will also shatter. The Sanctuary will discover the abnormality in the shortest time possible.”

“The initial fluctuation core of the mental body?”

“Yes, it’s a symbol of the benefits and status of the inner and outer hall elders of the Sanctuary. It’s also a restriction. It’s said that under certain circumstances, the mental body’s initial fluctuation core can remotely lock onto the approximate location of the inner and outer hall elders, ” Yanzi said.

“It’s very dangerous.” Xu Tui nodded. “Then we can kill him after we’re done and completely safe.”

These words made Can Li, who was frozen, feel a chill in his heart. He was about to fall into the hands of an unknown person. Even if the Qiu Xuan in front of him was really Qiu Xuan, there would be rumors in the future that he, Can Li, had been harmed by a girl like Qiu Xuan. He would be laughed at even if he died.

“I know. You might still have some kind of fantasy.” Xu Tui suddenly stared at Can Li. “Therefore, before I ask you some questions, I’m prepared to teach you a lesson.”

Can Li was stunned. Before he could react, his mental body suddenly trembled violently. His head was in extreme pain and his vision was turning black. About 5% of his mind power was depleted by the mental hammer.

Can Li was shocked. The other party had a way to directly attack the mental body, which meant that he might not be able to prepare for the worst. Can Li’s worst-case scenario was that he would abandon his physical body. With his mental body, he would still be a respected inner elder in the Sanctuary. Furthermore, he was a benefactor who might become an elder.

Xu Tui was not anxious at all. The mental hammer that he condensed blasted towards Can Li one after another. One hammer, two hammers, five, ten, and fifteen! When he hit sixteenth time, Can Li, who had already bled from all of his orifices, screamed in fear. “Don’t blast me again. If you do, my soul will dissipate!”

Xu Tui smiled sinisterly. The 16th hammer struck down. When it landed above

Can Li’s head, it suddenly stopped. Can Li shouted in fear, “No!”

Five seconds later, Can Li, who did not feel the intense pain in his head, slowly opened his eyes. What he saw was Xu Tui’s materialized mental hammer and Xu Tui’s ferocious gaze.

“You’ll answer whatever I ask. If you’re obedient, you’ll have a chance of survival. We’ll also have an easier time,” Xu Tui asked as he swung the mental hammer.

Can Li, who was in the ice seal, nodded vigorously. Other than lamenting his bad luck, he actually had some guesses. Otherwise, he would not have made an excuse to leave previously.

“Do you really understand?” While Can Li was stunned, Xu Tui added, “You have a chance of survival, and we can relax a little. After all, we don’t want to face the pursuit of the Sanctuary unless we have no choice.”

Xu Tui’s words were more direct. However, Can Li suddenly felt hope in his heart..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1