Chapter 1719 - 1719: Unintentional Plantation And Entering The Spiritual Prison (1)

Chapter 1719 - 1719: Unintentional Plantation and Entering the Spiritual Prison (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Qianliu, where are you?” After receiving the emergency report, the sixth main elder, Feng Ye, immediately contacted his confidentiality chief.

In the Spiritual Race, every main seat elder had a confidentiality chief. Basically, this confidentiality chief was a trusted aide of the main seat elder. He was the kind who would go down together with the rest of the elders, so he trusted him extremely.

“Elder, I’m on the Myriad Insect Planet. I’m still short of seven medicinal herbs to refine the Soul Returning Pill for you. I’m searching here,” Feng Qianliu replied.

“After all, the Soul Returning Pill is only a medicine that exists in ancient books. No one has used it or recorded their experience before. I think that there’s actually no need. Even if it’s effective, the effect is very low.” Feng Qianliu’s words warmed Feng Ye’s heart.

In this world, the only person he could trust 100% was Feng Qianliu. He even guarded against his children and grandchildren and did not tell them about losing his original body.

“Elder, being able to record it in the ancient books is a test. As long as it’s effective, it’s worth it even if it increases the compatibility between your mind and body by 0.1%,” Feng Qianliu said.

“Alright. But now, there’s something that I need you to do for me personally. This matter can wait,” Feng Ye said.

“Tell me, Elder.”

“Something might have happened in that matter. It might be the harvest season. ”

Feng Qianliu, who was searching for medicinal herbs in the nest of the Myriad Insects Planet, was stunned. Tens of thousands of insects completely covered her. However, in the next moment, a light breeze blew, and tens of thousands of insects turned into fine powder. Feng Qianliu had already turned into a green light and disappeared.

“A minute later, I’ll personally command the mobilization of people to do matter,” Feng Qianliu quickly replied.

The so-called matter was actually a rather helpless thought that Feng Ye had recently.

On Asteroid 421, Feng Ye encountered an epic fail and was severely injured by the Worldly Expeditionary Force. He lost his physical body and fled back to his private planet to recuperate. To be honest, he was very aggrieved and angry.

However, there was nothing he could do. He could not publicize this matter. Otherwise, he would be in more trouble. Under the current circumstances, his own direct forces could not participate in this matter before the Sanctuary gave him an order.

He could not participate at the moment. After all, even the Great Elder’s Void lineage had participated in the battle. In terms of the frontal battlefield, there was no room for him to take his share of the loot.

However, he was indignant. His body was still adapting, but his thoughts were still as agile as lightning. He had been thinking about a question while he was recuperating these few days—how could he benefit from the current situation?

Or how could he take a Share and get what he wanted?

This was especially so for the technology or ability of the Worldly Expeditionary Force to collectively pass through the quantum teleportation channel. It was too valuable.

After thinking for a long time, Feng Ye could not think of any way, but it made him think of another channel.

That was Yan Wuyu!

After he returned, he confirmed that the traitor of the Spiritual Race who was with the Worldly Expeditionary Force should be Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter, Yanzi.

On that day, when he was fighting the Worldly Expeditionary Force on Asteroid 421, he discovered two problems. He did not notice these two problems at that time, but after he returned, the more he thought about it, the more likely it was.

That was the status of the traitor, Yanzi, in the Worldly Expeditionary Force. It was a basic characteristic that they could move very freely and participate in battle. Among the two problems that Feng Ye had discovered, the first was Yanzi’s combat location during battle.

As an experienced veteran, he was extremely experienced. He could determine many things based on many details in an extremely short period of time.

For example, the main attacker of the enemy, the commander of the enemy, and so on. After the first contact, he began to chase after Xu Tui with all his might. It was because he realized that Xu Tui was not only the commander, but he was also the core person who was dealing with him.

Feng Ye could tell a lot.

For example, the location of the traitor, Yanzi, was not only quite far from the core battle circle, but there was also an enemy nearby who was not good at long-range attacks. One of his attempts to get close determined that someone was protecting the traitor, Yanzi.

This meant that Yanzi, this traitor, was very important in this wave of enemies.

The second problem was Feng Ye’s own guess. Why was Yanzi, a traitor of the Spiritual Race, very important in the Blue Star Rat Team?

In an instant, Feng Ye thought of a quantum teleportation channel. Who was Yanzi? She was Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter. Who was Yan Wuyu? He was the person-in-charge of the development of the Spiritual Race’s intergalactic quantum array core.

The first generation of the intergalactic quantum array core was developed under the lead of Yan Wuyu. It was a great contribution.

However, for some reason, Yan Wuyu’s son and daughter-in-law died one after another during the development process. Furthermore, it should not have happened. In the end, they did not obtain an explanation.

Yan Wuyu was disheartened and became more idle. He did not participate in the subsequent development.

Some people said that if Yan Wuyu continued to preside over the development of the intergalactic quantum array core, the performance of the intergalactic quantum array core, including the normal quantum array core, would be greatly enhanced compared to now.

Unfortunately, the Spiritual Race was also very complicated.

Yan Wuyu’s achievements made Feng Ye think about his granddaughter, Yanzi. Could it be related to the fact that many people from the Blue Star army had passed through the quantum teleportation channel? Feng Ye was not sure about that, but he could not deny it.

That was a possibility.

The last information on Yanzi when she left the Milky Way for the solar system’s forward operating base showed that she was very talented in refining cores. She was born with purple flames..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1