Chapter 1711 - 1711: People Who Were Going Home And The Mistake Of The The Array Core (1)

Chapter 1711 - 1711: People Who Were Going Home and The Mistake of the the Array Core (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Knocking on the door was not a traditional knock. It was the so-called stepping stone to success.

This new elder of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary, Can Li, was naturally greedy for money. Of course, it might also be because the elders of the Sanctuary consumed a lot of energy for research. He had his own rules.

If a stranger wanted to see him, he could knock on the door with 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals. As for the specific matters after they met, they could discuss the price again.

It had to be said that Can Li was a different kind of elder from the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. For example, it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens for ordinary people to see Yanzi’s grandfather, Yan Wuyu. Of course, if he encountered a junior he admired, he would not be stingy with his guidance.

Yanzi handed over 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals to Can Li’s housekeeper. While she was waiting, she communicated with Xu Tui through mental voice transmission.

“When you see this person later, don’t hypnotize him immediately. Hypnosis might affect his judgment. No matter what price he offers, first let him help us take a look at the intergalactic quantum array core that I designed and refined. After that, you can find an opportunity to hypnotize him. Then, you can ask about my grandfather’s whereabouts, ” Yanzi said.

“Isn’t that a little risky?” Xu Tui frowned.

According to the information, Can Li was at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. His combat strength should be very ordinary, but his mind power was definitely not weak. He might be stronger than the average Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

If he hypnotized him when he was unprepared, the probability of success was very high. For example, Xu Tui could silently activate his spiritual resonance before they met. Then, he would hypnotize him the moment they met. However, the longer the time, the easier it was to reveal a flaw.

“The risk has to be taken in order for you to go home!” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui looked at Yanzi and frowned. ‘What do you mean?”

“Thank you for accompanying me to the Sacred Spiritual Planet to take the risk and think of a way to save my grandfather! Therefore, I can’t trick you!”

“Tricked me?”

‘What do you think the possibility of rescuing my grandfather is?” Yanzi suddenly asked.

“This… should be very difficult. After all, this is the base camp of the Spiritual Race. It should be very difficult to save someone from here,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, it’s very difficult! The possibility of failure is very high. I know your ability. If it’s really exposed, the probability of you escaping is extremely high. However, I don’t want your hopes of returning home to be extinguished.

“Therefore, I wanted to look for this person first and spend a lot of money to get him to study the problem of the intergalactic quantum array core. If he said that there were no problems, or if he modified it a little, the probability of our intergalactic quantum array core being tested successfully would be very high. This way, even if something happens to me, you still have hope of going home!” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui looked at Yanzi. He did not know how to continue this topic. “Why are you considering us like this? Is it because…?” Xu Tui did not ask the rest of the question.

“My previous cooperation with you, right? A little, but not entirely. It’s more…” ‘What are more?”

“More importantly, I… am also someone who wants to go home!” At this point,

Yanzi suddenly said bitterly, “But I actually dont have a home anymore.” Xu Tui did not know how to console Yanzi. Yanzi suddenly said, “There’s a saying on the Blue Star: Wherever your mother is, it’s home. Then wherever my grandfather is, it will be my home.”

Yanzi’s words could be considered as showing Xu Tui her true thoughts. To be honest, ever since she left Asteroid 677, Yanzi had threatened Xu Tui with the test of the intergalactic quantum array core and asked him to come to the Sacred Spiritual Planet to save her grandfather.

This made Xu Tui extremely uncomfortable. At one point, Xu Tui once again remembered what Ullr had emphasized. Those who were not of our race would definitely have different intentions. Xu Tui’s vigilance against Yanzi was also raised to the highest.

However, Yanzi’s words today made Xu Tui feel a little sad.

Home!

They were all people who wanted to go home. He really missed his parents and the delicious food they made. This unfamiliar place was not fun at all. Of course, even though he understood Yanzi, Xu Tui’s vigilance against her did not decrease at all. He might be a little scheming, but he was more conflicted and responsible. He had to do his best to bring his brothers from the Worldly Expeditionary Force home!

“Miss Qiu, the elder has agreed to see you. Please follow me!” The housekeeper of Can Prefecture brought Xu Tui and Yanzi to an elegantly decorated living room. A female attendant served tea and left. “Miss Qiu, the elder will come to see you in ten minutes. At that time, you can ask the elder three questions at most, or the elder can sit with you for 20 minutes at most. Or if you have any requests, prepare them as soon as possible. The elder will give you a reply at his discretion.” After saying that, the butler bowed politely and left.

Xu Tui was Yanzi’s personal guard. Therefore, Xu Tui could only stand when Yanzi was sitting.

However, Xu Tui did not stay idle. He secretly adjusted the situation of his mind power main planet and the Vajra secondary main planet. He also had the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. It could guarantee that he could instantly increase his mind power to the extreme.

Ten minutes later, Can Li arrived. He was dressed in white, and his sleeves fluttered in the wind. His long hair was casually tied up with a fiery red wooden hairpin. His aura was extremely outstanding. If he were to start a live broadcast on the Blue Star, he would be a god-like figure.

The moment he entered, his gaze swept past Yanzi and Xu Tui. It was a tangible perception of his mind power. It was like a knife as it swept past Xu

Tui and Yanzi..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1