Chapter 1713 - 1713: The People Who Are Going Home And The The Mistake Of Array Core (3)

Chapter 1713 - 1713: The People Who Are Going Home and the The Mistake of Array Core (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“However, I’ve already discovered the first mistake with your intergalactic quantum array core.”

Xu Tui’s expression tightened. There was indeed a mistake. Yanzi’s expression remained the same. “Please give me some pointers, Elder Can Li.”

“First mistake, the strength of the energy channel that you used your mind power to outline the intergalactic quantum array core is not enough.” “Not enough? I’ve already strengthened it to three times that of a normal quantum array core.”

“That’s just horizontal. I’m talking about verticals! The length and time of the intergalactic quantum array core are longer. The energy pathway needs to be stronger.”

“Elder Can Li, I’ve strengthened the strength of the energy tunnel to the extreme, be it vertical or horizontal.” “Your thoughts are wrong.”

“My thoughts?”

“It’s not a pure pile. It’s a microstructure change.”

“Microstructure? Please give me some pointers, Elder Can Li.”

“This is a secret that will not be passed down. But I can give it to you with acceptable price. 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals.”

“Fifty thousand grams?” Yanzi was a little shocked.

“You can choose not to listen to the solution.”

Almost at the same time, Yanzi’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “I don’t have enough Origin Crystals on me.”

Xu Tui took a step forward and took out 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He placed them in front of Can Li. “Miss, these are Origin Crystals.”

Can Li looked at Xu Tui. “To be able to invite a guard with a quantum dimensional chain, Lord Qiu Nian has a lucrative job. The method of building the microstructure is here! Whether you can do it depends on your ability. I’ve already given you the method,” Can Li said.

Yanzi took it and glanced at it. Her eyes were filled with surprise. “Lord Can Li, please continue to guide me.”

Can Li glanced at Xu Tui and continued to check the intergalactic quantum array core. After a long time, he said, “Second problem, this set of cores is not strong enough to resist interference. You can think of a solution yourself. You can also hear a solution from me. 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Yanzi gestured for Xu Tui to hand over the Origin Crystal. Can Li immediately gave Yanzi a solution. Then, she asked Can Li to continue.

Can Li’s mind power fluctuated as he continued to check. Ten minutes later, Can Li suddenly raised his head and glanced at Yanzi. He then lowered his head and continued to check.

Xu Tui, who had been at ease with his mental perception, suddenly sensed something amiss. This time, after Can Li raised his head to look at Yanzi, he seemed to be continuing to examine her. In reality, his mind power did not fluctuate at all. Instead, he was considering something.

After considering it for half a minute, Can Li looked up again. However, the focus this time was on Xu Tui. The moment Can Li looked at Xu Tui, Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance Passive Perception instantly transmitted a very strong malice.

Did Can Li suddenly have malice?

Just as Xu Tui was feeling puzzled, Can Li suddenly stood up and said, “Miss Qiu Xuan, one of the designs of your intergalactic quantum array core is very ingenious. It actually triggered a very ancient idea of mine in the past. Allow me to leave for a few minutes. I’ll go to the reference room to look for this information before coming back to answer you.”

“Thank you, Elder.” Yanzi bowed.

Can Li nodded and stood up. Before the protective energy shield on his body dissipated, he glanced at it again. It was still filled with malice. However, after a glance, Can Li turned to leave.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s mind raced. What exactly had happened? Why did Can Li suddenly have malice and want to leave? Was this an excuse to leave? Or was he really checking the information?

Xu Tui made a decision in an instant. There was nothing wrong with being careful in the enemy camp. In an instant, his mind power surged. In his mind, the Ji Shui Seal shone brightly and projected onto the new star of the Blizzard Domain. All the new stars also increased the Blizzard Domain Nova at this moment.

Ice Seal!

Without any warning, Can Li was frozen. The moment he was frozen, the fire around Can Li’s body shone brightly. He was about to break out of the ice. Clearly, he was prepared.

However, Xu Tui was more well-prepared. The moment the ice seal blocked the enemy, the bright yellow Small God Slaying Sword instantly blasted out from the back of his head. Before Can Li could break through, it directly blasted into his head.

Can Li’s mental body instantly trembled violently. His mind power was damaged, and blood spurted out of his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. The ice seal was augmented again. This time, Can Li was frozen into ice.

The housekeeper’s voice came from outside the door. “Do you need to clean up, Master?”

Here, mind power fluctuations would often mean some things breaking. The cleaning that the butler mentioned was both a safety verification and a necessary procedure.

Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance silently seeped out. He activated his spiritual radiation and Spiritual Concealment at the same time. He used a psychological hint to tell the housekeeper that there was nothing wrong here and asked him to retreat.

In the ice seal, Can Li was already glaring at Xu Tui. However, fear flashed in his eyes.

Yanzi was confused. She did not understand why Xu Tui would suddenly attack..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1