Chapter 1712 - 1712: People Who Are Going Home And The Mistake Of The Array Core (2)

Chapter 1712 - 1712: People Who Are Going Home and The Mistake of the Array Core (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Miss Qiu Xuan, the daughter of Qiu Nian, the chief of Asteroid 677 of the Northern Star Field, can you explain your intentions to me? Do you want me to refine something for you? Or something else?” Can Li went straight to the point.

“Elder Can Li, I specially came to see you for two things.”

“Speak!”

“First, there has been a lot of chaos recently. My father is a little worried about my safety. He wants to ask you to help me refine two life-saving cores.”

“Is it because of the disturbance of the Blue Star Rat Force?” Can Li asked with a smile.

“I guess.”

“Scabies! The Sanctuary had already issued a death order and gathered nearly a quarter of their strength. They would definitely be completely eliminated within three months. If you’re only worried about this, there’s no need to do the first thing. After all, the price is very expensive if I take action!” Can Li said.

Xu Tui had thought that Can Li had a bottom line at first. However, he realized that in the end, it was for an even more expensive price.

“Asteroid 677 has already been breached once. My father is very cautious,”

Yanzi said.

“Understood. What kind of life-saving core?”

“Instant escape type.”

Hearing this, Can Li smiled. “This is the most expensive.”

“My father is the planetary commander.”

“Hahahaha!” Can Li laughed. “A client like Miss Qiu is too cute. I have a cooperative relationship with a spatial-type supernatural being. I can seal his supernatural ability into the jade talisman. It can allow you to teleport 3,000 kilometers in half a second. I’ll make a total of two for you. This is the price. You are not allowed to bargain.” Can Li pushed out a card for Yanzi.

Xu Tui glanced at it with his mind power and was a little speechless. One for 100,000 grams of Origin Crystal. Other than that, Can Li also listed a special mineral from Asteroid 677. It was a ton.

This astronomical price reminded Xu Tui of his teleportation ability. If he could make it into an Origin Crystal ability seal card, he would be able to make a killing by selling it. There was also Old Cai’s escape card that had a similar effect. Xu Tui had used it many times in the past.

Looking at the price now, he felt that he had used all of his Origin Crystals in the past. His heart ached! But then again, Old Cai was really generous to him.

“No problem.” Perhaps she was the daughter of a wealthy family, but Yanzi agreed after a glance.

“Deal! However, I don’t trust Miss Qiu’s credibility or strength. I need Chief Qiu Nian’s guarantee.”

“Sure. I’ll send the Origin Crystals over at noon tomorrow. As for the resources, my father will send you the documents from the Chamber of Commerce. You’ll be able to receive them in three to five days.”

“Beautiful. I’ll give you a card the day after I receive your payment.” Can Li’s answer was very standard.

“That makes sense.”

“Alright, it’s really good to do business with Miss Qiu. I’m looking forward to the second thing. Please tell me,” Can Li said.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted slightly. He knew very well that the reason why Yanzi had wasted so much time talking to Can Li was to obtain Can Li’s preliminary trust and prepare for the second matter.

“The second thing is that I want to ask Elder Can Li to give me some pointers on a work I designed to see if there are any mistakes,” Yanzi said.

“What work?”

“Quantum array core, cross-galaxies!”

As soon as he said that, Can Li’s eyes lit up. He sized Yanzi up a few times. “It’s rumored that the eldest daughter of the Qiu Family likes to wear clothes, play, and love handsome men, but she doesn’t like to study. Why did you design an intergalactic quantum array core?” Can Li smiled.

“If not, how could rumors be rumors? It’s just like how the rumors say that Elder Can Li is extremely difficult to get along with, but in my opinion, the rumors are also wrong,” Yanzi said.

“Hahahaha!” Can Li laugh heartily again. “The rumors are indeed wrong. The eldest daughter of the Qiu Family is not as unruly as the rumors say.” “People always change,” Yanzi said softly.

Xu Tui had a different feeling when he heard this. Yanzi seemed to be talking about herself. Back then, she was also an unruly young lady. She did not listen to her grandfather’s advice and recklessly went to the solar system forward operating base.

She had changed a lot over the years.

“Alright! Just based on what Miss Qiu said, no matter how clumsy the work you designed is, I will do my best to guide you. 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.” Although he was happy, business was business. Can Li’s price was very clear.

Yanzi naturally offered 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals on the spot. What she offered was also the intergalactic quantum array core that she had designed and modified 13 times. Can Li first put away the Origin Crystal, then picked up the set of array cores. Then, his mind power swayed slightly. It immediately condensed into a half-penetrated fire-colored energy barrier that enveloped him.

This was a defense.

Can Li was still very careful. Then, he carefully looked at the intergalactic quantum array core designed by Yanzi with a casual expression. However, after watching for a minute, Can Li looked up at Yanzi, and his expression suddenly became serious. “Was this really designed by Miss Qiu?” Clearly, Can Li was shocked.

“I guess so. It was built with resources! Elder, you know that the Qiu Family is too small. The Sanctuary Inner Hall can be considered a shortcut.”

“Yes, a shortcut!” As he spoke, Can Li praised, “To be honest, being able to independently refine a set of intergalactic quantum array cores is an extremely powerful talent and ability. Even among my students, there was only one who could barely do it..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1