Chapter 1717 - 1717: Feng Ye’S Arrangement And Surprise (2)

Chapter 1717 - 1717: Feng Ye’s Arrangement and Surprise (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was only one of the most important methods Xu Tui used to control Can Li. There were two other ways to control him. Based on the previous experience, the target who was deeply hypnotized would only follow orders and not think too much on their own.

For the next matter, Can Li needs a lot of room to improvise. Therefore, Xu Tui was very careful at this moment. Even though Xu Tui had hypnotized and hinted that the head did not belong to him, he understood that the head belonged to him.

Under this extremely contradictory and fearful mood, he almost went crazy on the spot when he heard the tools clanking on his head. It was another wave of hellish fantasy experience.

Three waves of hell-like fantasy tour.

When there was a soft crack, Can Li felt his head tighten slightly. It was as if something had taken root and sprouted in his head. Can Li firmly believed in the so-called mind power bomb.

As for the wound, Xu Tui completely recovered in a minute when he activated the original quantum life frequency.

“Go on. Clean yourself up first.” Xu Tui gave his first order to Can Li.

Can Li was a little shocked. He could not believe that the enemy in front of him had let him leave just like that.

This…

Can Li walked forward with legs that were about to lose control. He looked at Xu Tui, then at Yanzi. He did not dare to leave. He was afraid. He was really afraid.

“Hurry up. Remember, don’t leave me more than 100 meters away. If you are more than 100 meters away, it will only take 0.1 seconds for the mental bomb in your mind to be instantly detonated. Boom!”

Can Li trembled again. Then, he said with a trembling voice, “Mr… Mr. Bing

Zhen, 100 meters is too short. Why don’t I go clean up and you follow behind

“Scram! Xu Tui cursed with a look of disdain. This fellow’s lower body was covered in urine and feces. It was disgusting to stay in front of him and even follow behind him. Moreover, this was the first step in controlling Can Li. It made him remember his current situation even if Xu Tui was not present. It had to be said that Yang Huai had a lot of goods. Although many of them were on the dark side, they were very useful at this moment.

While Can Li was cleaning himself, he came into contact with a total of six people in the residence: the butler, the guards, and the maids, including the communication facilities. Other than the abnormal expression at the beginning, which then became completely normal, He did not try to warn anyone or the outside world.

Of course, even if Can Li wanted to warn them, it was impossible.

Xu Tui’s mind power followed him the entire time. He would be able to react if he made any abnormal movements. Actually, in Yang Huai’s words, this step was to train Can Li’s servility. It allowed Can Li to adapt to servility.

He washed up. They ate. Then, he got Can Li to answer a lot of information about the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary.

“Move all the information in your family’s reference room over. Also, give me all the information you can obtain from the Sanctuary. And undisclosed historical records in the Sanctuary,” Xu Tui ordered.

Xu Tui was preparing for the future of the Blue Star. The Spiritual Race was not good at technology, but they were definitely ahead of the Blue Star humans in the research of supernatural power.

If the Blue Star humans digested these things for a few years, they might have a huge breakthrough on the Blue Star. Can Li did as he was told. His condition had also returned to normal from his previous fear. Other than his body being a little weak and enfeeble, there were no other abnormalities.

The preliminary enslavement training was considered completed. Xu Tui then got to the point.

“You’ve interrogated Yan Wuyu three times before?” Xu Tui suddenly asked. Can Li was only slightly stunned before he nodded. “Yes, Mr. Bing Zhen.”

“Any results?”

“No, this old man is very stubborn. He said that he would only give me what I want if I could contact his granddaughter and confirm her safety.” As he spoke, Can Li glanced at Yanzi. Clearly, he already understood that Qiu Xuan in front of him was Yanzi.

“Use the same method as before to continue meeting Yan Wuyu,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s not a problem! I’m related to the supervisor of the Spiritual Prison. I

just need to send more Origin Crystals.”

“This time, you have to bring us in to see Yan Wuyu,” Xu Tui said.

“This…” Can Li swallowed. “This is very difficult! Moreover, it might be very dangerous for you!”

“At most, I’ll die!” Xu Tui spoke casually, but Can Li had a depressed expression when he heard that. He did not want to die! He had been a dog and a servant for half his life. He had used all kinds of methods to get to his current status.

He had only enjoyed life for a few days. He did not want to die just like that. “Can you do it?” Xu Tui asked coldly.

“I… I’ll try. I should be able to! That guy, that supervisor, is very greedy!” After

Can Li finished speaking, he added, “But I need to contact the outside world.”

“Up to you. I only want to see the results!”

Can Li did not dare to go far. A hundred meters was a life-and-death distance to Can Li. If he could get closer, he could deal with some accidents. In front of Xu Tui, Can Li contacted the supervisor of the Earth-rank Spiritual Prison. “Elder Can, are you going to that old man again?”

“That’s right. The old man did something wrong, but he’s really good at research. I still have some new questions that I need to ask him..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1