Chapter 1726 - 1726: An Extremely Vicious Man (3)

Chapter 1726 - 1726: An Extremely Vicious Man (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui thought for a moment and said to Yan Wuyu again, “Elder Yan, shall we talk?”

“Tell me!” His granddaughter’s life was in his hands. How could Yan Wuyu not talk about it?

“As you said, let’s use this method to leave this place safely first. Then, we’ll find an opportunity to leave and work together, how about that?”

“How do we work together?”

“You should have more experience than me.”

“On the Sacred Spiritual Planet, as long as any of the main elders takes action, no one will be able to escape. I’m not scaring you. I’m describing the facts. The power on the Sacred Spiritual Star was too great and powerful. There were all kinds of supernatural abilities that you didn’t know about.

“For example, there were a few elders in the inner hall of the Sanctuary. Although their strength was not great, they had a supernatural ability that was similar to a dog’s nose. As long as they smell it, they will be able to accurately track the target’s location. Even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm won’t be able to escape their pursuit,” Yan Wuyu said.

“There’s such a supernatural ability?”

“There are many people in the inner hall of the Sanctuary who are not strong but have similar special abilities. Therefore, it might be much easier for us to use this as an excuse to obtain the protection of the Second Elder before escaping,” Yan Wuyu said.

“You know my identity?”

“I know. I also know that you control the life and death of my granddaughter, Yanzi. You can take my granddaughter’s life at any time like Can Li. Therefore, you can rest assured. For the safety of my granddaughter, I will definitely cooperate with you with all my might to find a chance to escape.”

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. He glanced at Yanzi. The script had become like this? The same control method as Can Li? Did Yanzi deliberately say that? Or did this old man misunderstand?

No matter which it was, Yan Wuyu’s words gave Xu Tui a reminder. He could actually make two preparations. In an instant, Xu Tui thought of an extremely shameless idea. It was really shameless to use this idea on the Blue Star humans.

However, Xu Tui did not feel any psychological burden when he used it on foreign clansmen. He might feel a little guilty towards Yanzi, but Xu Tui did this for the safety of the people from the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

“Cooperation, but I have a prerequisite. I need to use some methods on you, but you can’t tell your granddaughter,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Wuyu immediately understood what Xu Tui wanted to do. It was nothing more than to control his life and death. “Sure. Before I came to the Spiritual Prison, I had no intention of leaving alive. It’s just controlling my life and death. It’s up to you.”

“No, I want to control your life and death. Your granddaughter should be more obedient. Just like how you listened to me because of your granddaughters safety,” Xu Tui said.

Damn it! Yan Wuyu felt that the guy in front of him had refreshed the lowest limit of his understanding. There was actually someone more shameless than Can Li in this world? Moreover, it was right in front of him!

He, Yan Wuyu, was not afraid of death at all. However, if he used his life to threaten Yanzi, Yan Wuyu would be very afraid.

This was really…

If that was the case, he seemed to have fallen into an infinite cycle. He had to be threatened by the extremely vicious grandson-in-law in front of him because of Yanzi, and Yanzi had to be threatened by this extremely vicious man because of the life and death of her grandfather.

He did not dare to die easily! There was no solution to the endless cycle. How could there be such an extremely vicious man in this world?

Yan Wuyu almost vomited blood. However, he still had to swallow this mouthful of blood. He had no choice! Who asked that Yanzi’s life was in the hands of the extremely vicious man in front of him?

“Alright, I agree!” Yan Wuyu agreed.

“Hehe, alright!” Xu Tui smiled. While he was talking about looking at his head injury and touching Yan Wuyu’s neck with his palm, a nanomachine with a fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip entered the back of Yan Wuyu’s neck.

Just as the back of Yan Wuyu’s neck hurt, Xu Tui smiled and said, “Can Li, contact Second Master immediately!”

Of course, the current method was only the first step..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1