Chapter 1720 - 1720: Unintentional Plantation And Entering The Spiritual Prison (2)

Chapter 1720 - 1720: Unintentional Plantation and Entering the Spiritual Prison (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

What was lacking was cultivation accumulation and time. What if the technology of multiple people passing through the quantum teleportation channel at the same time was related to Yanzi?

The problem was that on the main battlefield, other than Feng Qihan, who was in the situation, he no longer had a chance to participate.

After thinking for a long time, Feng Ye thought of Yan Wuyu.

If Yanzi played an important role in the Blue Star army, her status would not be low.

If it was really related to the fact that many people were passing through the quantum teleportation channel at the same time, then Yanzi would definitely affect the decision of the Blue Star troops.

Currently, Yanzi only had one family, and that was Yan Wuyu. Then perhaps Yanzi would try to come into contact with Yan Wuyu? To be honest, the probability was not high. That was because the probability of success was also very low.

However, in this world, the more 100% there was no problem, the easier it was for there to be problems. For example, he had failed in his last surprise attack on Asteroid 421. He had experienced too many things.

Therefore, Feng Ye made some arrangements. He had to arrange for someone to monitor the situation of Yan Wuyu, especially when outsiders came into contact with Yan Wuyu. He had to report it to him.

Originally, Feng Ye did not have much hope.

It was just an idler. However, he did not expect that an abnormality would really happen.

Three minutes later, Feng Ye received a reply from Feng Qianliu.

“Elder, I’ve already arranged for a team of men to hide there. When Can Li and the others come out of the Spiritual Prison, they will immediately control Can Li and his two attendants. Then, we’ll interrogate them,” Feng Qianliu said.

After some consideration, Feng Ye shook his head. “That’s not appropriate. Can Li is the second elder’s subordinate. If you touch Can Li, you will attract him. It would be fine if you didn’t gain anything, but if you did, it would be benefiting someone else,” Feng Ye said.

“Then I’ll arrange for someone to keep an eye on them. We’ll take action immediately as long as they’re separated from Can Li,” Feng Qianliu said.

“Alright, we have to be more cautious with the plan. If he’s really from the Blue Star army, we can’t be careless. How about this? You should go back personally and command.” After saying that, Feng Ye added, “Use an emergency method to return to the Sacred Spiritual Planet.”

“Emergency method. I understand, Elder. I’ll rearrange the plan and use emergency methods to return to the Sacred Spiritual Planet. I estimate that I’ll be able to return to the Sacred Spiritual Planet in half an hour,” Feng Qianliu said.

“Alright, report to me immediately if anything happens.” Feng Ye was also a little helpless. He had just adapted to this new clone body and had not completely integrated it. Otherwise, he would have gone over personally.

As for the so-called emergency method of return, it was actually a more extravagant method.

Even the higher-ups of the Spiritual Race who had reached a certain level of status and net worth would usually prepare several quantum array cores to split when they went to other planets. Half of them would be left on planets that needed to be returned, such as the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

He would bring the other half with him. If he encountered an emergency, he would immediately contact them. Both sides would set up the quantum array core at the same time. They would he able to return in half an hour at most-

Such a method was only possible when one’s identity and status reached a certain level. Otherwise, they would not be able to obtain the quantum array core because their status is not high enough. They would not be able to afford this quantum array core that is almost a one-time use.

There was naturally no need to mention Feng Qianliu. She could afford it.

While she was making emergency arrangements and returning to the Sacred Spiritual Planet, Xu Tui and Yanzi also stepped into the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Prison under Can Li’s lead.

Due to the fact that Can Li’s Origin Crystals were in place, the guards of the Spiritual Prison did not even ask Can Li and the other two for any information. They went straight into the Earth-grade Spiritual Prison.

The tunnel was very long.

However, Xu Tui did not stay idle. His mind power continued to surge as he sensed the construction of the Spiritual Prison. These details would be very useful if anything happened. For example, the passageways of the Spiritual Prison were filled with anti-shield materials. It was very difficult to penetrate them with mind power.

But there were no problems in the tunnel. Still, the basic defense measures of the Spiritual Prison were very strict. There was a safety door every 1,500 meters in the long Spiritual Prison tunnel. This safety door was also filled with anti-shield materials.

After a person passed through, the safety door would close. In other words, after the safety door fell, the Spiritual Prison tunnel within a 1,500-meter radius was actually an independent space. If he wanted to escape, he had to break through the safety door immediately.

However, it was too difficult to break through the safety door. Even Nine

Satellites would need time to break through the security door of the Spiritual

Race’s Spiritual Prison. Unfortunately, An Xiaoxue was not around. If An

Xiaoxue was here, she would be able to break through the safety door of the

Spiritual Prison in 30 seconds at most after using her Dimensional Explosion.

It was not Xu Tui’s style to enter unprepared. After all, if anything happened in the Spiritual Prison, Xu Tui would immediately be sealed off in one tunnel after another. According to the relevant situation, it would take 6,000 meters to reach the location of Yan Wuyu.

The 6,000-meter Spiritual Prison Tunnel was six independent spaces divided by the safety door. By the time Xu Tui broke through layer by layer, the Spiritual Race army would have already surrounded him.

There were 20 Planetary realm powerhouses stationed in the Spiritual Prison. There were as many as two Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

“Slow down. Help me stall for time,” Xu Tui ordered Can Li.

Xu Tui’s order made Can Li’s heart tremble. If this master in front of him caused trouble in the Spiritual Prison, he, Can Li, would be finished. He was the one who brought him in. No matter how powerful his background was, he was finished.

The best outcome was that Second Master would save his life on account of his abilities. However, in the future, he could only hide his identity and be a tool.

Therefore, Can Li was very afraid.

“It’s just preparations. You’re still very useful.” Xu Tui reassured Can Li.

Can Li immediately started chatting with the guard who was leading them forward. They chatted about topics of men, and the guard slowed down. Xu Tui’s mind power continued to spread out, searching for a place to seep in. This was because he realized that the internal defense of the Spiritual Prison was really powerful.

Under the six layers of defense space, Xu Tui might not be able to escape successfully even if he brought An Xiaoxue over. However, the strongest fortresses were often broken through from the inside.

Xu Tui’s mental perception discovered that the guards in the Spiritual Prison passageway, especially the guards who were controlling the safety door nearby, were actually quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realms.

They sat in a safe house shielded by mind power and controlled the security door. However, perhaps because of the huge engineering volume, the shielding or mind power was not 100%.

Xu Tui kept trying with his mind power. He could still seep through, especially before the safety door was lowered. There were even some loopholes. It was too easy for Xu Tui to hypnotize these people. He just needed to send his mind power over. The problem now was that Xu Tui needed some time to pass through with his mind power because of the shield wall.

“Alright, we can leave now.” Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after he successfully controlled the first. “Especially when we pass by the safety door. We have to be slower.”

Of course, it was best not to use such an arrangement if he could. They passed through seven security doors before entering Cell 74 of the Earth Spiritual Prison.

An old man with messy white hair was sitting cross-legged. His breathing was slow and deep. When he heard footsteps, he did not open his eyes at all. He looked like he was in a sorry state, but his body and aura were not bad.

“Old Yan, someone is here to see you again,” the guard shouted. He immediately handed another controller to Can Li. “As usual, no crippling, no deaths, and no obvious external injuries. Half an hour.”

“Don’t worry.” Can Li smiled and nodded. He handed over another 100 grams of Origin Crystals.

The white-haired old man in the prison opened his eyes slightly when he heard this. He glanced at Can Li disdainfully. He was about to close his eyes when he suddenly saw Xu Tui and Yanzi. Even though Yan Wuyu was extremely calm, he was still stunned when he saw Yanzi.

They looked alike!

It was too similar!

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. He moved his mind power slightly, and a thin layer of ice water was poured on the back of Yanzi’s neck. At the same time, he used his mind power to seal Yanzi’s mouth.. “Yanzi, calm down!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1