Chapter 1723 - 1723: Killing Can Li First Then Yanzi? (3)

Chapter 1723 - 1723: Killing Can Li First Then Yanzi? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The key was still the same problem. It was easy for Xu Tui to escape alone when he was surrounded by hundreds of people, but it would be difficult for him to bring Yanzi along.

Currently, Yanzi was the hope of returning home from the Worldly

Expeditionary Force. She had to survive. In just ten seconds, Xu Tui thought of another extremely extreme method.

“Yanzi, Can Li is not cooperating. It looks like we need to barge in! If we fail to break out of the encirclement later, I’ll kill you first and then seal your mental body. I’ll think of a way to find a suitable body for you after we escape to a safe place. Or you can nurture your current body in the future.” Xu Tui was extremely decisive.

Yanzi was also an extremely decisive person. She knew that this might be the only way for the two of them to escape.

“Alright, but before you kill me, kill Can Li first. Kill Can Li in front of my grandfather and avenge him!” Yanzi said.

“Okay!” Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. He suddenly stared at Can Li.

Can Li was extremely shrewd. He instantly sensed the killing intent and became anxious. He understood that he would die no matter if Xu Tui killed him or left. Therefore, he had to think of a way to survive.

“Wait, don’t be anxious. I have a way. I have a way!” Can Li suddenly said.

“What way?” Xu Tui paused for a moment. He did not kill him immediately.

Although he had a high chance of escaping by killing Can Li first before killing Yanzi, if he killed Yanzi, he would not be able to modify or refine the intergalactic quantum array core before she had a new body.

Refining an intergalactic quantum array core consumed a lot of mind power. A mental body that did not have the support of a physical body to recover would not be able to do it.

That was why Xu Tui gave Can Li another chance.

“Second Master! I’ll ask Second Master to take action. As long as he speaks, we will be very safe,” Can Li said.

Hearing this, Yan Wuyu sneered and said, “Can Li, you think too highly of your value. Second Master will definitely not have a conflict with the other main elders for you. Don’t worry, you will definitely be sacrificed. Leave quickly and rely on your luck,” Yan Wuyu urged.

“Old thing, stop making wise remarks! Do you think your granddaughter will be able to live if another master takes action? Your granddaughter will definitely not survive.”

Yan Wuyu was stunned. He looked at Xu Tui and Yanzi. He was also stunned when he learned about their final escape plan. He first killed Can Li, then Yanzi, and escaped with Yanzi’s mental body.

This…!

Yan Wuyu immediately became anxious. He could die. However, he was definitely unwilling to let his granddaughter die once. Moreover, in his opinion, this behavior was placing his granddaughter’s life in Xu Tui’s hands. She might even be controlled by Xu Tui forever in the future. He was worried. He was really worried.

“How can you get Second Master to take action?” Yan Wuyu said anxiously.

“It’s not like you haven’t dealt with Second Master before! Value. To Second Master, as long as one has enough value or benefits, he will dare to take action. He even dares to open fire with the First Master.” Can Li said, “But the problem is, I don’t!” At this point, Can Li’s eyes suddenly lit up. “You do, you definitely do! Second Master had tacitly allowed me to do this matter this time to obtain the research results you had done. Second Master will definitely be interested in your things! Old Yan, for your granddaughter, take it out. Don’t be stingy!” Can Li was anxious.

“If I want Second Master to protect my granddaughter, I can only…” Yan Wuyu was silent for a moment. “Then contact Second Master immediately. Tell him that I have what he needs.”

“What is it? You have to explain clearly. Don’t keep him in suspense. Let him see its value!” Can Li was anxious.

“Tell Second Master that I can make the quantum teleportation channel teleport two or even three people at the same time!” Yan Wuyu said.

Can Li was stunned. Xu Tui, who was monitoring Can Li with his mind power, also heard it. He was stunned.. Was there really such a technology? Was this old man, Yan Wuyu, that impressive?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1