Chapter 1722 - 1722: Killing Can Li First Then Yanzi? (2)

Chapter 1722 - 1722: Killing Can Li First Then Yanzi? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Alright, here you go.” Yan Wuyu gestured for Yanzi to come and get it. When Yanzi reached out, Yan Wuyu grabbed it with both hands. “Your problem has been resolved. I’ve also written a way to structure the intergalactic quantum array core for you. There’s also the other jade core I gave you. Destroy it immediately after you read and remember it.” Yan Wuyu took advantage of the time when he was holding Yanzi’s hands to give her an additional jade core.

Can Li did not dare to use his mind power to observe, but Xu Tui’s mental perception was there. Therefore, even though Xu Tui saw it, Can Li did not.

“Alright, leave quickly. Don’t worry about me! Don’t worry, I’m still valuable. I won’t die.” After saying that, Yan Wuyu frowned again and looked at the corner of the cell. He could not help but ask Can Li, “Did you not bribe the guards this time?”

Yan Wuyu already knew about Can Li. Hearing this, Can Li’s expression changed drastically. “It’s in place. Just like before, it was the same person the previous three times. It’s definitely in place. Why?”

Yan Wuyu’s expression was solemn. “The first three times, even when you tortured me for interrogation, they did not use the surveillance cameras in this cell. But this time, they have already activated the surveillance cameras in this cell four times. They are also trying to collect sound.”

In the Spiritual Prison, because many of the people imprisoned were people with powerful mind power or cultivation, the passageway, including the prison, was filled with anti-shield materials that blocked all kinds of perception and mind power.

Therefore, most of the convenient technological equipment was useless here.

The surveillance cameras installed here were all special wired surveillance cameras. Furthermore, they were the kind of surveillance cameras that had very simple and primitive functions. Only then could they be most likely affected by various shielding materials.

Coupled with the fact that he had been in prison for so long, Yan Wuyu had already figured out the pattern.

“Are you saying that the people from the Spiritual Prison are monitoring me?” Can Li’s expression turned stern. “I bribed them to come in. It’s just my way of doing things! The fundamental reason why I could come in is that Second Master is behind me. They also knew that Second Master was behind me, so they dared to let me in to interrogate you a few times. How dare they monitor me now? They’re going against the heavens.”

Yan Wuyu sneered. “Then you have to think about why they dare to monitor you.” After saying that, Yan Wuyu said to Xu Tui and Yanzi, “Leave immediately. You or Can Li might have been targeted. After leaving this place, immediately separate from Can Li. Then, leave the Sacred Spiritual Planet in the shortest time possible.”

Xu Tui frowned. This was not good news. If he was targeted, he had a certain level of confidence in escaping alone. However, it was really difficult to bring Yanzi along. The problem was that there was indeed a problem with the intergalactic quantum array core. The solution had been handed over to Yanzi.

Even if Yanzi handed Xu Tui the solution that Yan Wuyu had given him, Xu Tui did not have the confidence to refine the correct intergalactic quantum array core. After all, even though Xu Tui had refined various cores with Yanzi, Xu Tui’s main energy was not in this aspect.

“There’s only one reason why they dare to monitor me. Someone on the same level as Second Master has taken action.” After saying this, Can Li’s face suddenly turned very pale.

Xu Tui did not want to waste his breath. “Let’s leave immediately. The earlier we leave, the safer we will be.” Before they left, they had to let Can Li bring them along so that they would not be exposed immediately.

Can Li quickly shook his head. “No, if there’s really an existence like Second Master who sends people to monitor us, I’ll definitely die in the future. You won’t be able to escape either.”

“I have to work hard!” Xu Tui’s body was filled with killing intent. He already had a plan in mind. After leaving the Spiritual Prison, he used Can Li to attract the enemy’s attention and evacuated with Yanzi.

Seeing that Can Li was not moving, Xu Tui wanted to activate the method he had prepared and force Can Li to submit. However, the pale-faced Can Li said, “Give me 30 seconds to confirm.” “How can you confirm that?”

“There are Second Master’s men here.”

“Let him ask. Give him some time,” Yan Wuyu said.

Can Li was extremely fast. He immediately confirmed with his emergency contact information. In less than 30 seconds, his forehead was covered in sweat. “Indeed, someone has interfered and is monitoring our movements. It’s very likely that another master has given the order. Otherwise, with Second Master backing me and without the support of the other masters, no one would dare to target me on this matter.” Can Li’s head was covered in cold sweat.

His so-called master was actually the main elder of the Spiritual Race. Within the Spiritual Race, many people addressed the main elder as a certain master and followed the order. It was easy and convenient without violating any rules.

The second master was the second main elder.

“No matter who is targeting us, we have to evacuate quickly now. The faster we retreat, the safer it will be,” Xu Tui urged.

Can Li was unwilling.

Can Li knew very well that Xu Tui and Yanzi would leave after he left the Spiritual Prison, leaving him alone. At that time, he would have to withstand the anger of a certain lord alone. Judging from the size of the matter, Second Master would not protect him if the matter was serious.

Therefore, Can Li refused to leave even though Xu Tui urged him again. He knew that leaving the Spiritual Prison was a dead end for him.

Xu Tui was secretly angry. He could not attack Can Li directly. This would immediately trigger the alarm of the Spiritual Prison. When he rushed out, he would face a large number of Spiritual Prison guards..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1