Chapter 1725 - 1725: An Extremely Vicious Man (2)

Chapter 1725 - 1725: An Extremely Vicious Man (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, Yan Wuyu was obsessed with researching technology for the first half of his life. After suffering a huge loss, he was obsessed with studying people’s hearts for the rest of his life. Soon, Yan Wuyu asked Yanzi two questions. “Yanzi, how is your relationship with this person? Does this person have any means to control your life and death?”

Yanzi understood that this was probably the time for her grandfather to make his final decision. She thought for a moment and said, “We have a very good relationship.”

“How good is it?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“I’m just short of getting married.”

As soon as these words were spoken, Yan Wuyu secretly gasped. His grandson-in-law? Was he that vicious? He had such ruthless methods? He wanted to kill his grandfather the moment they met?

However, the Spiritual Race did not have the thought of following one to the end. It was fine if he did not want such a vicious grandson-in-law. He could just get another one.

The problem was the second point.

“Then does he have any means to control your life and death?” This was the most important thing.

‘Yes!”

Yanzi was not Ivinz about this. Ever since she was first caDtured, Xu Tui had not only hypnotized her many times, but he had also planted a mental body mark in her mind. She could still sense the mark now.

That mark could no longer make her soul dissipate in an instant, but it could destroy her body in an instant as long as Xu Tui willed it. Moreover, Yanzi believed that it would be too easy for Xu Tui to kill her.

Therefore, Yanzi was very certain.

Yan Wuyu was stunned. The grandson-in -law in front of him was too vicious. He had actually controlled his granddaughter’s life and death.

Yan Wuyu did not need to ask to know how powerful the method was. He would understand as long as he looked at Can Li’s current situation. Can Li was an arrogant person in the past. He was not afraid of anything because he had the support of the Second Master. He did all kinds of evil things.

But now, as long as his vicious grandson-in-law took a look, he would become very obedient. He definitely had a way to absolutely control life and death. Otherwise, he would not have been able to make Can Li so obedient if he could not control him.

Yan Wuyu had been happy just now. A villain would always be tortured by a poisonous person! But now, Yan Wuyu was in extreme pain. His granddaughter was also controlled by this vicious grandson-in-law. He would rather die than let his granddaughter die.

Their family only had one descendant, Yanzi.

In an instant, Yan Wuyu’s mind raced.

“We can take the risk first and use Second Master to deal with the enemies who are targeting us. Then, we can find an opportunity to escape.” In his anxiety, Yan Wuyu immediately gave Xu Tui a choice. He had no choice. He had to do this to save his granddaughter.

Xu Tui was still hesitating. If he did not kill him, the Blue Star might face a

huge crisis in the future. However, if he did, the brothers of the Worldly Expeditionary Force would definitely be buried in the Spiritual Race!

To be honest, Xu Tui had a so-called big picture under Cai Shaochu’s nurturing. However, he was not a saint.

Xu Tui made a choice while he was hesitating. Based on the current situation, if he killed Yan Wuyu, the brothers of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, including An Xiaoxue, would not be able to return home. 99% of them would be discovered and wiped out by the Spiritual Race in the near future.

Even Xu Tui himself might not be able to escape after killing Yan Wuyu.

If he did not kill him, the probability of the brothers of the Worldly Expeditionary Force returning home was very high. In the future, the solar system might have a relatively large life-threatening crisis because of this technology.

But that’s in the future. When it would arrive would depend on the progress of this technology. After all, a new technology, especially one that involved a quantum teleportation channel, would definitely have to go through many pressure tests before it could be officially used.

Death in this moment, and they were all his brothers. The crisis will be in the future, and it would belong to the entire Blue Star. Anything was possible in the future.

Xu Tui made a decision when he thought of this. He would not kill him for the time being.

Coincidentally, Yan Wuyu spoke.

Yan Wuyu’s words stunned Xu Tui for a moment. He immediately understood that this old man might have already known his identity through Yanzi. Did this old man think about what he was hesitating about just now?

“Is your technology ready-made, or do you still need to be perfected and experimented on?” Xu Tui asked.

“If you want to apply the theoretical technology, you need a large number of experiments and pressure tests,” Yan Wuyu said.

“Really?”

“Yes!”

“You have to guarantee this on your granddaughter’s life and death. If you say anything false, your granddaughter will definitely be burned by the Hundred Poisons and Hundred Flames before she dies. She will die after howling for a hundred days,” Xu Tui communicated with his consciousness.

Grandson! It was too vicious! Yan Wuyu almost cursed on the spot when he heard this. What grandson-in-law? He was the grandson-in-law who had sent him and Yanzi on their way!

It was so…!

Yan Wuyu was so angry that his hands were trembling. However, he had no choice. The situation was stronger than him. Who asked his granddaughter’s life to be in the hands of this vicious grandson-in-law? “I guarantee that if I lie, my granddaughter, Yanzi, will…”

Xu Tui listened carefully to Yan Wuyu’s words. His spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation had already invaded his body. There was no falsehood. It was the truth! As long as there was this process, there would be a chance to control and change everything. “Yes, it’s done.”

Xu Tui’s words made Yan Wuyu even angrier. Was Yanzi blind? Why did she find such a vicious grandson -in-law? He had already thought it through. If he had the chance in the future, he would definitely kill this vicious grandson-in-law. Then, he would find someone who really treated Yanzi well.

Even though he had temporarily confirmed this matter, Xu Tui did not ask Can Li to contact Second Master immediately..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1