Chapter 1721 - 1721: Killing Can Li First Then Yanzi? (1)

Chapter 1721 - 1721: Killing Can Li First Then Yanzi? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yanzi could not control her emotions as she looked at her grandfather in front of her. Even with Xu Tui’s warning, her slender figure could not stop trembling.

She had imagined her grandfather in the Spiritual Prison countless times. There were a few times when she imagined him to be even more miserable than now.

However, when she saw her grandfather’s miserable state, she still could not accept it. She knew that her grandfather was an extremely clean person back then. But now, he was controlled in the prison, with a urinal a meter behind him. The smell could be imagined.

There was blood and a large amount of filth on the wide prison uniform. Her grandfather’s status as an Inner Hall Elder did not allow him to receive any preferential treatment in the Spiritual Prison.

However, she was the one who caused all of this.

At this moment, Yanzi was sad, extremely blaming herself, pain, and guilt.

“Come… Come!” Yan Wuyu’s lips trembled slightly, but he tried his best to restrain his emotions.

Can Li explained for Yan Wuyu, “He has the Spirit Sealing Spike specially made by the Sanctuary. His mind power can only barely spread out within two meters of him. He should want to use his mind power to communicate.”

“Can Li, put on a full show. Go forward first, then we’ll go forward,” Xu Tui instructed.

Can Li looked at Xu Tui and pressed a few buttons on the controller. A platform appeared on Yan Wuyu’s body in the prison and sent him to the three of them through the bars. The guards of the Spiritual Prison were still very careful.

They would not let Can Li enter the prison.

Yan Wuyu was a sensible person. With the cooperation of Can Li, he quickly communicated with Yanzi. Xu Tui held Yan Wuyu’s other hand and treated him. This was also Can Li’s excuse for bringing people in.

“You… You silly child, what else do you want! You’re already outside. Why did you come to the Sacred Spiritual Planet!” Yan Wuyu’s white beard trembled. After the surprise of seeing Yanzi, he felt helpless. If not for the fact that he had to control his emotions, Yan Wuyu would have cursed.

“Grandpa, I can’t rest easy without seeing you.”

“It’s easy to come to the Sacred Spiritual Planet, but not so easy to leave. You.” Yan Wuyu was anxious. Go, leave quickly. Leave this place now before you are discovered. Don’t ever come back.”

Yanzi looked at Xu Tui when she heard that. Her eyes were filled with pleading. Xu Tui understood what Yanzi meant. She was asking or asking Xu Tui if he could save her grandfather.

Xu Tui rejected her firmly. It was impossible to save Yan Wuyu. The Spirit Sealing Spike on Yan Wuyu’s body directly made him an ordinary person. Moreover, the method of this Spirit Sealing Spike was unique. Ordinary people could not take it out.

Xu Tui could not even take Yan Wuyu’s mental body away. Moreover, as long as Yan Wuyu left the range of the prison, the alarm would immediately sound. Once the alarm sounded, a large number of Spiritual Race experts would immediately gather on the Sacred Spiritual Planet to surround them.

At that time, Xu Tui would not be able to bring Yanzi away, let alone save her grandfather. Xu Tui would only have some hope of leaving by teleportation.

Yan Wuyu saw through his granddaughter’s intentions at a glance and quickly advised, ‘Yanzi, I’m already satisfied to be able to see you. Remember, live well. Even if I die, I will be happy. Leave immediately. Leave immediately.”

Yanzi had trained with the Worldly Expeditionary Force for so long, so she was not sloppy. She was still very decisive.

The longer they delayed, the more serious the problem would be. At that time, she could not save her grandfather, she would even harm Xu Tui and her.

“Grandpa, help me take a look. Is there a problem?” Yanzi quickly handed over the intergalactic quantum array core she had refined.

This was also the most important reason why she came to see Yan Wuyu. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have taken this risk.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Yanzi had started to get down to business. His hope of returning home had been ignited again.

Yan Wuyu was a very wise person. Yanzi had specially asked him to look at this at this urgent moment. This matter should be very important. However, when he scanned the intergalactic quantum array core with his mind power, Yan Wuyu was stunned. “This… Did you design it or?” Yan Wuyu glanced at Can Li, but he felt that it was not.

Can Li’s refinement level was much higher than this.

“Yes, Grandpa. This is very important. It’s also one of the conditions for him to bring it over to see you.”

“Mm.” Yan Wuyu nodded gently. “This refinement is a little standard. It looks like your growth in the past few years is much greater than I imagined. It looks like you’ve suffered a lot in the past few years.”

Yanzi’s eyes turned red. She forced herself not to cry. Yan Wuyu looked very carefully. He examined it carefully for ten minutes, but in these ten minutes, Yan Wuyu raised his head and looked at a corner of the three cells.

“There are a total of four mistakes. There are still two areas that need improvement. However, time is limited. I can’t explain them to you one by one now. I’ll use the jade core to enter the divine record for you. You can study and improve it after you’re done. As long as it’s all corrected and tested again, it can be used normally.”

Next, Yan Wuyu asked Can Li for a specially made jade core. He held it in his hand and completed the writing in less than 30 seconds. Writing with mind power in the jade core was also a special method. It required special materials and methods. Not many people knew how to do it..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1