Chapter 1724 - 1724: An Extremely Vicious Man (1)

Chapter 1724 - 1724: An Extremely Vicious Man (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

To be honest, Yan Wuyu’s words shocked Xu Tui. It allowed the quantum teleportation channel to teleport two or even three people at the same time.

There was actually such a technology!

Actually, it was just that Xu Tui did not pay attention to this problem. This was because Yanzi had once told Xu Tui that she might be able to teleport two people at the same time after she studied the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on Planet X.

At that time, Xu Tui did not pay attention to those words.

That was because Xu Tui, or rather, the Worldly Expeditionary Force, already had a huge advantage in this aspect. An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Official Seal could amplify the quantum frequency of the quantum teleportation channel and teleport more than ten people at the same time.

Moreover, it was only a possibility that she had not developed it. However, Xu Tui instantly became angry when he heard Yan Wuyu’s words. It would be terrible if the Spiritual Race mastered this technology.

In reality, if the Spiritual Race’s quantum teleportation channel could teleport two people at the same time, the Worldly Expeditionary Force would have been surrounded and killed long ago.

To put it more realistically, if the quantum teleportation channel could teleport two people at the same time, then the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base would be extremely difficult to break through, and the Blue Star humans would be in danger of extermination.

Let’s talk about the present or the future.

If Yan Wuyu could allow the quantum teleportation channel to teleport two to three people at the same time, then the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel could also teleport two to three people at the same time in the near future.

It would be destructive to the Blue Star humans. He only needed to successfully set up another intergalactic quantum teleportation channel and teleport two Nine Satellites over at the same time. It would bring a disaster to the entire solar system.

At the same time, by teleporting three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts over, they would be able to sweep through the solar system.

This technology was as terrifying as it could be.

Therefore, Xu Tui’s first reaction when he heard this was to kill. He could not let the Spiritual Race obtain this technology. He had to kill Yan Wuyu. This old man, Yan Wuyu, was too much of a threat.

However, at the same time that Xu Tui was filled with killing intent, he felt conflicted.

If he killed Yan Wuyu, Yanzi would definitely break off. If Yanzi broke off, the intergalactic quantum array core of the expeditionary army would be gone. Then, the hope of the expeditionary army returning home would be infinite.

On the one hand, it was the future of the Blue Star, and on the other, it was the hope of returning home.

Should he kill him or not? Xu Tui was conflicted. If he did not kill the old man, Yan Wuyu, he would bring great trouble to the solar system and the Blue Star. If he killed him, the brothers of the expeditionary army would not be able to return home.

While Xu Tui was conflicted, Can Li was overjoyed. However, he did not immediately contact the so-called Second Master. His gaze flickered as he asked again. “Elder Yan, you understand Second Master. He has to see practical things. Just a technical name is not enough. What was the technical point of your technique of teleporting two people at the same time?

“You need to describe some of the key points to me, then let me report them to Second Master. Only then will Second Master personally participate.” After Can Li finished speaking, he looked at Yan Wuyu expectantly.

Hearing this, Yan Wuyu sneered. “What does Second Master know about technology? Besides, I’m not blind! What technical point? You probably asked for it for yourself, right? If you want to contact him, so be it. If you don’t want to, it was up to fate. Anyway, you will definitely die before my granddaughter!”

Can Li was stunned and had a helpless expression. Indeed, he could no longer fool Yan Wuyu. Moreover, Yan Wuyu had indeed grasped his vital points. It was not the time to hesitate. Can Li took out his communication device and was about to contact Second Master when Xu Tui stopped him.

Xu Tui’s expression was uncertain. There was a hint of killing intent in his eyes. This shocked Can Li, Yanzi, and Yan Wuyu at the same time.

Xu Tui was really conflicted. Should he kill Yan Wuyu or not? Killing him would eliminate a huge hidden danger for the Blue Star. However, the way home for these brothers of the Worldly Expeditionary Force would be cut off.

If the path home was cut off, it meant death. After all, hiding on Asteroid 677 was not a long-term solution. As time passed, they would definitely be exposed. It would be difficult to escape from the layers of encirclement if he was exposed again.

The Sanctuary had even sent out an elder from the Void lineage. Yan Wuyu did not understand. However, Yanzi only thought for a moment before a bitter smile appeared on her face. She was ultimately different from the man in front of her.

The man in front of her valued his race the most. Her grandfather was thinking about how to obtain a chance of survival, but the man in front of her was considering the threat of the multi-people teleportation technology in the quantum teleportation channel.

Yanzi had already understood what Xu Tui was conflicted about. She had even thought that Xu Tui might still be hesitating if he should kill her grandfather.

“Yanzi, what’s going on?” Yan Wuyu, who had seen through the problem, asked Yanzi through mental voice transmission.

Yanzi naturally did not hold back from her grandfather. She immediately told him the basic situation and her guesses.

Yan Wuyu’s expression instantly became one of shock. Previously, they had only communicated for a short period of time. He did not expect the man in front of him to be an outsider. He was a Blue Star human.

He was also the leader of the younger generation of the Blue Star! He was also the commander of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force that had charged into the Spiritual Race.

This complicated relationship instantly gave Yan Wuyu a headache..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1