Chapter 1727 - 1727: Assistance And Instant Kill (1)

Chapter 1727 - 1727: Assistance and Instant Kill (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Currently, the person in the Spiritual Race who was most likely to be on par with Great Elder Xu Yi or if there were any changes in the future to fight for the position of the Great Elder of the Sanctuary would definitely be the second main elder.

Tu was a major surname in the Spiritual Race. There were also many legends that said that Tu was undefeated. It was also because of this that the second main elder, Tu Hou, had been searching for an opportunity all these years.

He was looking for an opportunity to replace Great Elder Xu Yi.

Of course, he could not make this too obvious. The Holy Ancestor hated internal strife. If he made it too obvious, not only would he not be able to obtain the position of the Great Elder, but the Holy Ancestor would also dislike him.

However, the recently named Blue Star Rats gave Tu Hou an opportunity.

The Holy Ancestor was already furious. As long as the situation continued to deteriorate, the position of the Great Elder would probably be changed.

Therefore, Tu Hou had already begun to have thoughts of causing trouble for Great Elder Xu Yi. His original idea was to send an absolute trusted aide to think of a way to find this team and secretly inform them, causing the situation to deteriorate again.

The method of killing someone else with a borrowed knife could not be better. As for causing trouble for the Spiritual Race, the second elder was not worried at all. How chaotic could a force of more than 30 people cause?

It was just that the Spiritual Race did not invest their full strength. It could not cause trouble for the Spiritual Race at all.

Tu Hou even wondered if someone had already contacted this Blue Star rat before him and tipped it off. The position of the Great Elder of the Sanctuary was not easy to sit on. Everyone wanted to try it out if they had the chance.

What surprised everyone or Tu Hou was that this time, Huo Nan had brought eight elders of the Void Clan to participate in the encirclement. It should be guaranteed. However, at this juncture, the Blue Star Rats suddenly disappeared.

The current conclusion was that the Blue Star Rats had escaped into space from Asteroid 424. The three layers of encirclement had already formed an inescapable net. In the near future, they would definitely be captured!

In other words, the Blue Star Rats would definitely be surrounded in half a month or two.

This disappointed Tu Hou. If these Blue Star rats were surrounded, then this rare chance to shake the Great Elder, Xu Yi, would be gone. He did not know how long he would have to wait next time.

As a result, Tu Hou had been moving a lot recently. He secretly sent his trusted aides to that Star Field to see if they could find any traces of the Blue Star Rats in advance. As long as they found them, they would first guide them to escape or last for the three-month period set by the Holy Ancestor.

When Great Elder Xu Yi left the stage, he would display his skills and eliminate the enemy. However, there was no progress after a few days. It made Tu Hou, who was calm, to have a hint of irritation.

Suddenly, a communication request sounded. It was a request from his confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan.

“Chengshan, did you have good news when you suddenly contacted me?” Tu Hou was in a good mood. He wanted to hear the good news he wanted.

Tu Chengshan said with a slightly bitter expression, “Second Master, the good news you want is not out yet. However, Can Li suddenly contacted me urgently. He said that it was an urgent matter and wanted to contact you personally. I asked him to tell me, but he did not agree. I thought that this guy was causing trouble again and asking me to clean up someone’s mess. I didn’t expect him to really bring Second Master a huge surprise.”

“A huge surprise?” Second Master narrowed his thick eyebrows. At his level, there were not many big surprises.

“He said that Yan Wuyu has relented. He has technology that can allow two or three DeoDle to Dass through the auantum teleoortation channel at the same

time.”

“What!” Second Master suddenly sat up straight. “Two or three people passed through the quantum teleportation channel at the same time. Is it two or three people?”

Tu Chengshan was stunned. He knew that the value of this technology was too great, but he did not expect Second Master to have such a reaction.

“Get me Yan Wuyu. I want to talk to him personally. By the way, what are Yan Wuyu’s conditions?” Second Master said anxiously.

“Yan Wuyu said that he wants to talk to you personally.”

“It’s good that there’s something to talk about. Transfer it immediately, immediately!” While he was waiting for the call to be connected, Second Master paced back and forth. He slowly rubbed his hands together, full of planning.

The higher the position, the more they understood the meaning of having many people pass through the quantum teleportation channel. The more people passed through at the same time, the more valuable this technology was.

If two people could pass through the quantum teleportation channel at the same time, the meaning would be epoch-making. If there were three of them, the effect would be earth-shattering. If there were four of them, Second Master even had the confidence to unify the Milky Way.

“Old Yan, are you alright?” Second Master and Yan Wuyu actually knew each other. After the call was connected, Second Master, who had always been more reserved on the surface, even greeted him.

Yan Wuyu did not have the time to talk nonsense with Second Master.

“My technology is ready-made. There are no more problems with the theory. I need to undergo a large number of stress tests after refining the physical object. At the same time, it will definitely not be a problem to teleport two people. It’s also possible for three people.” Yan Wuyu went straight to the point.

“Your conditions!”

“M-my granddaughter, Yanzi, and my grandson-in-law, Bing Zhen. The absolute safety of the three of us, and a large amount of freedom.. We can work for you, but we won’t accept any of your control methods!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1