Chapter 1729 - 1729: Assistance And Instant Kill (3)

Chapter 1729 - 1729: Assistance and Instant Kill (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Yanzi, protect your grandfather…”

“You don’t have to protect me!” Yan Wuyu interrupted Xu Tui. “No one should be willing to kill an old man like me. Besides, I still have a few life-saving methods. Can Li, just carry me. The two of them will focus on dealing with the accidents.” As he spoke, more than a dozen array cores had appeared in Yan Wuyu’s hand. He threw five sets to Yanzi. You know how to use it. Choose an opportunity when you need it.”

The other three sets were given to Can Li. “The speed at which I activate them is too slow. Whether or not we can survive will depend on you.”

Yan Wuyu’s words made Can Li nod. Xu Tui looked at Yan Wuyu and was a little surprised. He did not have a share.

“You can’t use it now. Moreover, this is a defensive life-saving method. I still have to rely on you to kill the enemy.”

“Alright. You guys have your own life-saving methods. If anything happens later, I can go all out. Let’s go. Let’s get out of the Spiritual Prison first!” Xu Tui took the lead. A Vajra Barrier had already appeared on his body.

However, there was an additional layer of Ice Barrier on the eight layers of Vajra Barrier. Currently, Xu Tui’s identity was an ice-type supernatural being called Bing Zhen. Right at this moment, two guards were arguing in the command base of the Spiritual Prison.

“Why did you release Yan Wuyu? He’s a major criminal from the Sanctuary.”

“Do you have any objections to Second Master’s orders?”

“You can’t stand above the Sanctuary on Second Master’s orders!”

“What a joke. You’re just a guard. Who gave you the order to disobey Second

Master?”

“It’s none of your business!”

“You’re under the orders of the Sixth Master. Do you think I don’t know?”

The guard who had been ordered by the Sixth Master suddenly received a message. “Hold them back! Our first combat team will arrive at the entrance of tne spiritual prison In 90 seconds at most. Use whatever methoas you want.

After you’re done, Sixth Master will send you out of here.”

Seeing this news, the guard who was ordered by the Sixth Master suddenly had a ferocious glint in his eyes. He directly pressed the alarm. “Someone has abducted Yan Wuyu from the Spiritual Prison. Intercept him immediately!”

“How dare you!”

“Everyone, don’t move. No one will break into the prison. Yan Wuyu is…”

Before he could finish speaking, the guard who had listened to the Sixth Master’s orders suddenly attacked the guard who had listened to the Second Master. He instantly interrupted the order.

The two of them were about to fight in the Command Base. The others in the Spiritual Prison Command Base were dumbfounded.

This scene was really rare. The Planetary realm guards on duty were also stunned in the guard room of the Spiritual Prison. The orders of the two upper guards were completely contradictory.

Who should they listen to?

However, this problem was not about whose orders were correct, but about where the butt was sitting.

Look who the guards who heard this order were!

Immediately, five experts stood up without saying a word and quickly rushed towards the Spiritual Prison Tunnel.

They were the direct descendants of the lords who had listened to the Sixth Master’s orders. They naturally did as they were told.

The alarms kept ringing in the Spiritual Prison tunnel. Xu Tui, who was at the front, had a cold expression. He was extremely calm. Can Li was carrying Yan Wuyu on his back, but he was extremely nervous, especially since the alarms in the tunnel made Can Li shrink his head like a rat.

Fortunately, the alarms did not stop ringing. However, because of the conflict between the two guards, the safety door in the tunnel did not close. This saved Xu Tui a lot of trouble.

“Stop and squat down! If you dare to take another step forward, no matter who it is, I’ll kill them without mercy!” Five people suddenly appeared in front of the tunnel. A Eight Satellites Planetary realm, a Seven Satellites, a Six Satellites, and two Five Satellites appeared in front of the tunnel and stood in two rows.

The moment this lineup appeared, Can Li fell into despair. Would he be finished if he could not even break out of the Spiritual Prison? An extremely intense coldness instantly surged out of Xu Tui’s body. The seal of the Star

Lord Ji Shui shone brightly in his mind and entered the new star of the Blizzard Domain.

Yan Wuyu suddenly chuckled when he sensed the coldness on Xu Tui’s body. ‘Good grandson, I’ll help you. Frost Array, rise!”

Almost at the same time, a set of five-point jade cores suddenly flew out of Yan Wuyu’s hand. In an instant, the frost in the entire Spiritual Prison tunnel intensified, and cold air surged.

Xu Tui was stunned, but he was overjoyed. This Frost Array almost had the effect of the Blizzard Domain Force Field. Moreover, the Frost Effect was more explosive.

Xu Tui took a step forward the moment the frost power of the frost array erupted. A Frost Nova instantly blasted forward with the power of the frost array.

This had the power of the frost array and the enhancement of the 100% refinement of the Ji Shui Seal. The five Planetary realm experts on the other side defended with all their might and did not dare to be careless.

This group attack of the Frost Nova did not succeed. It only instantly turned the entire tunnel into a frosty snow region. The power of the Yan Wu Domain’s frost array also erupted to the extreme at this moment.

“Seal!” Xu Tui shouted. In the next moment, the Eight Satellites Planetary realm at the front instantly turned into an ice sculpture.

Eight Satellites Planetary realm, an instant kill seal!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1