Chapter 1728 - 1728: Assistance And Instant Kill (2)

Chapter 1728 - 1728: Assistance and Instant Kill (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“If I discover that you are exerting control on any of us, I will immediately detonate the Soul Explosion Jade Core in our bodies.”

Yan Wuyu’s words caught Second Master off guard. “Old Yan, I’ve always kept my word. You don’t have to…”

“Second Master, I’m not asking you for a guarantee. Instead, I’m explaining the situation to you! Instead of searching my soul and suffering after being taken down by you, it’s better to give myself a quick death. Second Master, you should understand my determination. If you can’t protect my granddaughter, I might as well bring her along to prevent her from suffering in this world,” Yan Wuyu said.

Second Master smiled bitterly. Yan Wuyu was too decisive this time. Moreover, the chips in his hand were thick enough.

“Don’t worry. As long as you don’t escape, as long as you give me the technology, I’ll give you three private planets after we’re done. I’ll let you be the local emperors and be rich for generations,” Second Master said.

“Deal. Can Li will tell you the rest of the situation,” Yan Wuyu said.

Soon, Can Li knew about his current predicament and told Second Master about it.

‘”l’nere are still people wno nave aeslgns on you and nave alreac1Y targeted you?” Second Master sneered. “It looks like my brothers have a lot of cheap shots and tricks. How long will it take for our people to arrive?” Tu Hou asked Tu Chengshan, the confidential chief who was participating in the communication.

“Second Master, it will take at least 15 minutes. They should be able to reach the vicinity of the Spiritual Prison in about 20 minutes.”

“What’s the best plan?”

“If other masters take action and have already set up a plan in advance, we will need Yan Wuyu and the others to help us buy time. The other masters are not people who can be easily scared off,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Mobilize our forces immediately. We have to bring Yan Wuyu and the others over safely. I’ll immediately issue a warrant to get the Spiritual Prison to release them!” Tu Hou said.

“Understood.”

In the Earth Spiritual Prison, Can Li, who had ended the call, looked at Xu Tui in front of him. He was a little dazed. There was also fear in his eyes. “Did you hear what Second Master said?” Can Li had released the communication officer just now.

“Are we really going to start a massacre? It won’t be a problem to kill them?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“With Second Master backing us, it won’t be a problem to kill him!” Can Li smiled bitterly. “However, the problem is that the few of us are probably not enough to kill the people sent by that master!

“In terms of refinement cores, Elder Yan and I are ranked second in the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. No one dares to say that they are ranked first, but in battle…”

“It’s good that I can start a massacre.” However, Xu Tui was looking at Yan Wuyu when he said that. He had just told Second Master what to do if someone stopped him on the way. The answer that Second Master gave was one word— Kill!

No matter who it was, kill them! He would kill them if he could. If he could not, he would escape and stall for about 15 minutes.

“Elder Yan, my combat strength might be a little higher. Once I use it, it will definitely make Second Master suspicious. Can you protect me?” Xu Tui communicated with Yan Wuyu through mental voice transmission.

“It’s not that I can protect you! It’s just that the technology I provide can definitely protect the three of us. Before this technology is completed, no matter how suspicious you are, you will still be my grandson-in-law. Second Master will not attack you.

“You have to know that once this technology was successful, especially if the teleportation of three people at the same time were achieved, putting aside the Holy Ancestor, the second master might become the only master in the Spiritual Race! At the very least, it can help Second Master easily obtain the position of the Great Elder!”

After saying that, Yan Wuyu added, “As long as we come into contact with Second Master’s men safely, there will be plenty of opportunities in the next stress test!”

Yan Wuyu was just short of saying explicitly that there were plenty of opportunities for them to escape or carry private goods in the stress test. It made sense. It was much more operable during the stress testing of the new quantum teleportation channel.

Only professionals would understand the matters of the professions.

“Alright. Let’s go!”

Almost at the same time, on the second master’s private planet, the director of the confidentiality department, Tu Chengshan, had already sent all the information about Yan Wuyu, his granddaughter, Yanzi, and his so-called grandson-in-law, Bing Zhen, to the second master.

“Second Master, Yanzi is using Qiu Xuan’s fake identity. There must be a problem with his grandson-in-law’s identity, Bing Zhen. We haven’t found out the source of this person yet, but this person dared to bring the traitor Yanzi into the Spiritual Prison of the Sacred Spiritual Planet alone. He must not be simple. We need to investigate him seriously,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Let’s investigate in secret first. So what if there’s a problem?

“Even if Yanzi and Bing Zhen really betrayed the Spiritual Race, it doesn’t matter as long as Yan Wuyu’s technology is real,” Tu Hou said.

“Remember, pick them up safely at all costs and send them to me. Also, have you investigated the other person who interfered?” Tu Hou asked.

“I’ve checked. It’s Sixth Master’s men.”

“Sixth Brother! This dog’s nose is sharp enough, and his hands are long enough. It looks like this matter is over. I have to teach him a lesson.” After saying that, Second Master said, “Go. Get someone to keep an eye on him. If Sixth Brother dares to take action personally, I can also make a trip personally.”

“Understood, Second Master!”

In the Earth Spiritual Prison, the cell that was holding Yan Wuyu slowly opened. On the platform, the special chains that were locking Yan Wuyu’s hands and feet were unlocked at the same time. Yan Wuyu was free.

However, Yan Wuyu was still an ordinary person. The Spirit Sealing Spike in his body was not something that anyone could casually take out..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1