Chapter 1735 - 1735: Killing The Nine Satellites Head-On (3)

Chapter 1735 - 1735: Killing the Nine Satellites Head-on (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Seven. There are still seven mistakes!” Yan Wuyu became excited. Xu Tui’s advancement was simply godly. He was a genius. In the past, he would definitely have taken such a person in as a disciple. He was simply a natural-born Core Refinement Master.

“The 11th Sword has the most mistakes. The 11th Sword is very important. It has to be perfect. The power of this sword is unleashed internally. The first sword is the leader.” Yan Wuyu quickly pointed out important problems.

Can Li’s face darkened as he continuously threw out Origin Crystals.

As Xu Tui’s attack frequency slowed down, Feng Lie’s attack became even more ferocious. Under Feng Lie’s crazy attacks, the energy barrier of the Earth Array kept fluctuating. The Origin Crystals inside were also rapidly consumed.

In the next moment, the last set of frost arrays in Xu Tui’s hand was detonated. It was still the same effect of his mental perception and the Time Deceleration Force Field.

After sensing and learning again, Xu Tui casually threw out another set of Frost Array Swords, but he still did not succeed.

“One problem. Now, there’s only one last problem left. It is the overall! The 11 swords that formed the frost array had to be blasted out at the same time. Shooting out 11 swords was like shooting out a sword. Then, it resonated and detonated. The 11 swords turned into one. Do you understand?” Yan Wuyu shouted.

Xu Tui already understood a little. Activating the original quantum frequency of frost, or rather, the original quantum frequency of a certain power, could not multiply its power. They would only focus all their strength in the most important place in a unified state. He had to gather his strength to do something big. It was equivalent to a more focused and efficient use of power.

Of course, this was only a part of Xu Tui’s current understanding. The original frequency was not that simple.

Including the effect of the 11 swords turning into one, the 11 swords instantly erupted. As Yan Wuyu explained the main points, Xu Tui understood how to correct the last mistake. There was no other way. He had to be familiar with it.

Eleven ice flying swords condensed smoothly and blasted towards Feng Lie at the same time. One wave, two waves, five waves, ten waves!

Feng Lie did not notice anything, but Xu Tui felt more and more comfortable. The moment the 16th wave of ice flying swords blasted out, the 11 swords suddenly exploded into a huge flying sword in a cold light and instantly blasted over.

Frost and cold air instantly pounced towards Feng Lie. Shockingly, when the Frost Array Swords erupted, all the frost power within a thousand-meter radius was instantly extracted. Then, it collapsed and blasted towards Feng Lie.

Countless surging ice power pounced towards Feng Lie. Just like in slow motion in a movie, under the bombardment of the surging ice power, Feng Lie turned into a statue and was frozen into an ice sculpture.

It was frozen, but the green light around his body was still flickering rapidly, wanting to break the seal. However, Xu Tui knew very well the principle of taking your life while you were down.

The flying sword that had not been used for a long time instantly turned into a silver light and blasted towards the frozen Feng Lie with a sonic boom. It blasted in front of the ice sculpture. Under Xu Tui’s exquisite control, a hole that could only be pierced through by a flying sword was created.

The flying sword instantly passed through with incomparable precision and blasted into the ice sculpture.

“No!” Feng Lie screamed in fear. At this moment, he became a live target! As a wind-type supernatural being, he was not good at defense. What was worse was that Feng Lie knew that once he lost his physical body, his mental body would be doomed.

Feng Lie was on the verge of a breakdown. He could not think of a reason why the ice-type ability of the Seven Satellites in front of him could freeze a Nine

Satellites like him.

That was impossible! It was even more illogical!

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly pierced through Feng Lie’s head and broke open a huge bloody hole in the middle of his forehead. He had killed a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator!

Yan Wuyu looked at Xu Tui in surprise. The expression in his eyes was extremely complicated. In comparison, Yanzi’s eyes were filled with surprise. Can Li’s eyes were filled with shock. He looked at Xu Tui as if he was looking at a monster..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1