Chapter 1738 - 1738: Spirit Sealing Array And Saved (3)

Chapter 1738 - 1738: Spirit Sealing Array and Saved (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the same time, Xu Tui’s gaze turned cold. “Go!”

The Frost Array Sword suddenly slashed towards Feng Qiyu as a whole.

Feng Qiyu frowned slightly. The 11 ice flying swords in front of him had ordinary auras. Even if there were more of them, such attacks would not pose much of a threat to him. However, after many years of life-and-death battles, he was still very careful. The green light around his body spun like a saber as he defended with all his might.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s frost array was suddenly detonated by his resonance.

Frost Array Sword.

Feng Qiyu’s expression changed drastically. He could sense that the power of Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword had instantly increased by more than ten times. This was simply… terrifying. The cold light covered the sky and earth. It was too late to dodge. Fortunately, he had been careful previously and had already defended with all his might.

The green light around him was like a blade spinning top, crazily cutting through the frost power.

Under such circumstances, the situation was slightly better than Feng Lie’s. A Frost Array Sword could seal him. He would be able to escape in an instant if he defended with all his might.

However, what made Feng Qiyu despair was that before he could break free from the first Frost Array Sword, Xu Tui’s second Frost Array Sword had already taken shape.

As Xu Tui waved his hand gently, the second Frost Array Sword blasted over and exploded with a resonance. Before Feng Qiyu could break free from the first Frost Array Sword, he was drowned by the second Frost Array Sword.

Xu Tui’s silver flying sword was already circling outside, letting out a shocking sound. Silver light flashed and passed through the frozen tunnel that he had opened under his control.

It was a headshot!

It instantly killed Feng Qiyu’s body again. The only problem was that this time, there was no more Spirit Sealing Array. Xu Tui could not bear to use the only set he had.

While Feng Qiyu was in shock, the mental hammer blasted wildly. Almost at the same time, five streams of light arrived behind him.

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony.

Another Frost Array Sword sealed the Eight Satellites Planetary realm into an ice statue. Then, he gave Feng Qiyu’s mental body a heavy hammer. When Yanzi took the initiative to attack one of the Five Satellites Planetary realm experts, the subordinates who had rushed over one after another began to fall from the sky like rocks.

It was like dumplings.

That was because they, who were flying at high speed, had been sealed into ice sculptures by Xu Tui with an ice seal.

Currently, with Xu Tui’s cultivation, under the full enhancement of the various new stars, the full enhancement of the Ji Shui Seal, and the enhancement of the mind power main planet by the Longevity Emperor’s seal, Xu Tui’s ice seal would be able to completely freeze most of the cultivators below Seven Satellites.

Instant kill!

In three seconds, Xu Tui had dealt with the combat team under Sixth Master, led by the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, Feng Qiyu. Even Feng Qiyu’s mental body was captured alive by Xu Tui again.

Originally, the wind-type supernatural being had a chance to escape. But due to the weakening of the mental hammer, his mental body had already become weaker. Originally, without the Spirit Sealing Array, his mental body could have used his wind-type supernatural ability to escape.

The wind-type was extremely fast. However, just as Feng Qiyu’s mental body was about to use his supernatural ability to escape, his mental body suddenly felt as if it had fallen into a swamp. This was the main planet’s force field of mind power becoming realistic.

Xu Tui took advantage of the moment when his mental body was restrained to hammer a few more times with his mental hammer. He captured Feng Qiyu’s mental body again.

All the corpses were thrown into the quantum dimensional chain.

This time, Can Li’s furrowed brows completely relaxed. “Let’s go. We’ll be saved soon in this direction.. The people Second Master is receiving will arrive soon!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1