Chapter 1739 - 1739: The Confidential Chief Appears (1)

Chapter 1739 - 1739: The Confidential Chief Appears (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Can Li was rather reliable. Everyone followed the direction pointed out by Can

Li. In less than two minutes, five powerful earthen yellow lights quickly rushed over. Their speed was much slower than Feng Lie, Feng Qiyu, and the others, but their auras were powerful.

Needless to say, they were definitely the direct descendants of the Second Master. Within the Spiritual Race, the power attributes brought about by the bloodline were like a sect, forming an unbreakable factional barrier.

Of course, it was not absolute.

Whether it was the Second Master or the Sixth Master, they had a large number of elites from other forces under them. But under many circumstances, they would definitely send out their core direct descendants to do some absolutely secretive things.

Usually, core descendants were the same in terms of bloodline and power. Five streams of light blocked in front of everyone. The first powerhouse who exuded the aura of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was the first to laugh out loud. “I made it in time. Elder Yan, Brother Can, are you alright?”

“Old Tu, you were too slow. We almost died.” Can Li was a little dissatisfied. He was about to say something when he was interrupted by Tu Qianshan’s laughter. “Didn’t we make it in time? I was still thinking that if you were taken away by that group of people, it would be difficult to save you.”

Can Li still wanted to say something. Suddenly, Xu Tui, Yan Wuyu, and the others looked underground at the same time. There were abnormal movements underground. They could sense that an aura was surging over like a wave from underground.

“One of us.” Tu Qianshan smiled.

In the next moment, a burly man crawled out of the ground with a strange feeling. It was as if he had come out of the water, but it was soil.

“You, carry Elder Yan on your back. You, protect Elder Can Li. The rest of you, follow me and be careful of your defense.” After saying that, Tu Qianshan added, “According to the information, you should be Elder Yan’s granddaughter, Yanzi, right?” Yanzi was also an important person.

Yanzi nodded.

“Then follow beside Elder Yan. Don’t worry, our speed is a little slower, but in terms of combat strength, we are definitely extremely strong. It won’t be a problem to protect you. Hold on for

Tu Qianshan was right. If the two earth-element supernatural beings of the

Nine Satellites joined forces, the other factions would be able to withstand it.

Bing Zhen, which was named after Xu Tui, was also considered a protection target for Tu Qianshan.

According to the information he had given previously, the most important targets were clearly Yan Wuyu, Yanzi, and Can Li. Xu Tui had also come along. However, Tu Qianshan did not completely ignore Xu Tui.

According to the intelligence, Bing Zhen was the unmarried grandson -in-law of Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter, Yanzi. Tu Qianshan subconsciously thought that it was nepotism.

That was because Xu Tui was ranked last among the targets. He could not afford to lose Yan Wuyu and Yanzi. Yan Wuyu and Yanzi could not be in any danger before they died.

Can Li had to be brought back alive. On the contrary, they did not receive any special instructions about Bing Zhen.

“Bing Zhen, you are also a warrior of the Seven Satellites. Follow us and escort us in a battle team. If you encounter the enemy, listen to my command or wait for an opportunity to fight yourself,” Tu Qianshan said.

“Understood.”

Can Li looked at Xu Tui in surprise. He wanted to remind him, but Xu Tui did not say anything.

It had to be said that the speed of earth-element supernatural beings was really slow. It was not just a little slower than wind-element supernatural beings. Their speed was about the same as Can Li.

Of course, if Tu Qianshan, a Nine Satellites supernatural being, risked his life, the speed at which he erupted would be different.

Under Tu Qianshan’s lead, everyone advanced for just a minute before they were stopped by six green streams of light.

The person who came was naturally the third combat team sent by Sixth Master. The first two combat teams had been completely wiped out. The captain of the third combat team, Feng Guoyue, did not say anything else and pounced forward to kill.

Tu Qianshan was also in command.

For a moment, the two teams fought until the sky was dark and the commotion was huge. The team led by Feng Guoyue could be said to be an extremely agile team. They kept swimming and attacking, while Tu Qianshan led a tank team.

The six of them formed a formation and raised an energy barrier that was similar to an earth array. They endured it there. Occasionally, Tu Qianshan would casually throw out a mountain, causing the team led by Feng Guoyue to be in a sorry state.

However, the situation of the battle became entangled.

Feng Guoyue could not attack, but Tu Qianshan could not retreat with Yan Wuyu and the others. However, Tu Qianshan was not anxious at all. The other two teams had already received the news. The fastest team would arrive in two to three minutes.

As for Xu Tui, no one cared about him. However, Xu Tui did not stay idle.

Tu Qianshan, the Nine Satellites earth-element supernatural being, was constantly using his earth-element supernatural ability.

For example, Landslide. This ability was a little similar to Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula. However, it was like the advancement of the Mountain Formula and was a little stronger.

There was also the Earth Bind Technique. It was very powerful when used with Landslide. Even the wind-element Nine Satellites supernatural being, Feng Guoyue, had to be careful.

Otherwise, it would be very uncomfortable. Moreover, Xu Tui could sense that all of Tu Qianshan’s abilities contained a vast earth-element power fluctuation. This was something that Xu Tui did not have with his Mountain Formula..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1