Chapter 1732 - 1732: Persuading To Surrender

Chapter 1732 - 1732: Persuading to Surrender

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The aura of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was as bright as a shooting star. It was extremely conspicuous. Everyone present had already sensed it.

Although Yan Wuyu and Can Li were not good at fighting, their strength was obvious. One was Nine Satellites, and the other was Eight Satellites. Their mind power was extremely powerful. Naturally, they had relevant experience.

Clearly, although Xu Tui had displayed powerful combat strength previously, Yan Wuyu and Can Li’s attitudes were the same as to whether Xu Tui could kill the Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui might be able to resist a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, but he would definitely not be able to severely injure or even kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Therefore, Yan Wuyu immediately created another earth array. While the earthen yellow energy barrier rose, Yan Wuyu sprinkled 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

“Be more self-aware!” As he sprinkled, Yan Wuyu kicked Can Li, who was carrying him.

Can Li had a bitter expression as he also spilled 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals. With 60,000 grams of Origin Crystals as the foundation, the Earth Array immediately became extremely thick.

“I still have 200,000 grams of Origin Crystals in my hand. Can Li, how much do you have?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“I only have about 200,000 grams.”

Before Can Li could finish speaking, Yan Wuyu kicked him. “If the two of us are captured alive by Sixth Master, who do you think will die first?”

“300,000. I brought 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals with me,” Can Li said with a bitter expression.

Xu Tui, who was at the side, was stunned. Can Li actually had 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals with him. From the looks of it, it was definitely more than that. It seemed that he had not hit him thoroughly enough previously.

“Up to you. Let’s see if you want money or your life! Fifteen minutes. We have to rely on these to hold on for 15 minutes until Second Master’s reinforcements arrive,” Yan Wuyu said.

“It shouldn’t be a problem to hold on until the reinforcements arrive. However,

I’m afraid that there are more reinforcements than this batch in front of us!” Clearly, the Origin Crystals in Can Li’s hands were definitely more than 300,000 grams. Otherwise, he would not have such confidence.

“Why… do you think that we have to fight to the death?” Yanzi suddenly asked with a strange expression.

“Nine Satellites Planetary realm. If he doesn’t die, who will kill him? If Elder Yan doesn’t have a Spirit Sealing Spike in his body, it’s still possible for him to assist you in his full state, but…” Halfway through his sentence, Can Li suddenly stopped and looked straight at Xu Tui.

Yanzi would definitely not spout nonsense at this moment. If she said that, she must be implying something. Could it be?

“Elder Yan, your paywall methods are defensive, but I also have paywall methods. But it’s an offensive attack!” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui took a step forward from the earth array. A circle of Frost Nova and the Blizzard Domain were used at the same time.

“Can Li, spill 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Can Li was stunned. Why did Bing Zhen call him when he needed money? Why were they the ones who used paywalls, but he was the one who paid for the consumption of paywalls?

Amidst his depression, Can Li obediently sprinkled 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals on Xu Tui.

In an instant, the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals were guided by Xu Tui’s mind power. Then, under the influence of the Blizzard Domain, they instantly turned into a Blizzard Domain Force Field.

The area within a thousand meters turned into a world of ice and snow. Cold air overflowed. Can Li, who was in the center, even shivered. As the first figure floated a thousand meters away, the other five figures also surrounded everyone.

“Feng Lie!” When he saw who it was, Yan Wuyu called out his name. Yan Wuyu had been in the Sanctuary for many years. Basically, he knew everyone in the inner and outer halls of the Sanctuary.

“Elder Yan.” Feng Lie was an outer elder of the Sanctuary and a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator. Just from his surname, one could tell that he was a direct descendant of the sixth main elder, Feng Ye.

However, Feng Lie was still very polite when he suddenly stopped Yan Wuyu and the others.

“Elder Yan, the Sixth Master has already sent an order. As long as all of you return with us, the Sixth Master can give you whatever the Second Master can. He can even double the reward!” The first thing Feng Lie did when he arrived was not to attack, but to persuade them to surrender.

The battle in the Spiritual Prison had already exposed both sides. The battle between the Second Master and the Sixth Master had been made public. Of course, it was not only to persuade them to surrender. It was also to stall for time.

Sixth Master was not using just one combat team. Due to the distance, the other combat teams were rushing over. According to what Feng Lie knew, in an emergency, Sixth Master had mobilized three combat teams.

Every combat team was like the team behind him. They were led by a Nine Satellites, a Eight Satellites, and a Seven Satellites each. The remaining three were either Six Satellites or Five Satellites.

Moreover, such a combat team was good at cooperating. They could calmly deal with two Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui was still constantly strengthening his Blizzard Domain. However, Feng Lie did not care about Xu Tui’s actions. He was an ice-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites. So what if he fought on his home ground?

One had to know that he was a wind-type Nine Satellites supernatural being. In the Spiritual Race, the combat strength of the Wind, Lightning, and Void-type Nine Satellites Planetary realm was the top.

Actually, Yan Wuyu was tempted by Feng Lie’s persuasion. With such technology, he would be able to negotiate calmly with both the Sixth Master and the Second Master. He would be able to obtain extremely high treatment.

After killing Can Li, he would be safe if he followed Sixth Master’s men. After all, Sixth Master’s men had arrived early. Not to mention the subsequent people, just the combat team in front of them could not withstand it.

This was what Yan Wuyu was thinking. Yan Wuyu used his consciousness to quickly communicate with Xu Tui. Instead of fighting to the death, it was better to rely on Sixth Master now.

It was safe and convenient.

“I can’t.” Xu Tui succinctly rejected Yan Wuyu.

“Why?” Yan Wuyu did not understand.

“It’s very likely that Feng Ye personally chased after us and even had his body annihilated by us!”

As Xu Tui’s understanding of the Spiritual Race deepened, he could basically conclude that the wind-type Nebula Realm expert who had ambushed them and escaped in the end was the sixth main elder, Feng Ye.

Currently, there were only two wind-type Nebula Realm experts in the

Spiritual Race. The sixth main elder, Feng Ye, and the ninth main elder.

According to the big data that Ah Huang had found, the ninth main elder had publicly appeared a day ago. As for the sixth main elder, Feng Ye, there had been no public news for the past seven to eight days.

Now that the sixth main seat’s elder, Feng Ye, was targeting them, Xu Tui would be a fool if he did not make any associations.

Under such circumstances, submitting to Feng Ye was courting death.

Feng Ye had fought with Xu Tui before. As long as he saw Xu Tui, he would immediately recognize him.

“You killed Feng Ye’s body!” Yan Wuyu was shocked by Xu Tui’s words. If the enemy was not in front of him, he might have to ask him in detail. How was it possible to kill the body of an elder? And a wind-type supernatural being?

“Really?”

“Most likely!”

“Then we can only fight to the death!” Yan Wuyu was also a decisive person. He immediately made a decision. “I’ll be in charge of the defense of the earth array, but you have to harass the enemy as much as possible and reduce our consumption. Once we use up all the Origin Crystals in our hands, the Earth Array will become trash!” Yan Wuyu said.

“I understand!”

“Elder Yan, what do you think? Is Sixth Master still extremely sincere?” Feng Lie urged loudly.

To be honest, Feng Lie was not anxious at all. The longer he delayed, the more beneficial it would be to him. He had seen the earth array in front of him. It was an extremely money-burning defensive method that could indeed withstand it.

However, as long as Sixth Master’s second combat team arrived, the two teams would be able to break the earth array in an instant. Then, before Second Master’s men arrived, he would calmly take away the four people in front of him.

“If Sixth Master was in front of me, I would consider it. But you!” As Yan Wuyu sneered, ice swords suddenly appeared in front of Xu Tui. This was a thought that suddenly occurred to Xu Tui in his previous battle. Due to the limitations of his identity, he could only use ice-type supernatural abilities.

He had tried it once previously and realized that the lethality of this ice sword was very impressive when it was activated. At the same time, it could also be used with the ice seal. Its power was extraordinary.

Xu Tui wanted to try.

Feng Lie could not help but sneer when he saw that Xu Tui, a mere Seven Satellites ice-type supernatural being, dared to attack in front of him. If Xu Tui were not still in the Earth Array, he would have immediately torn this reckless thing apart.

The Ji Shui Star Lord Seal instantly shone brightly in Xu Tui’s mind, increasing the blizzard domain to the extreme. The Blizzard Domain Force Field instantly expanded again, expanding from a thousand meters to 1, 500 meters. It directly surrounded Feng Lie and the other three.

Xu Tui’s mind power sank into the frost array that Yan Wuyu had given him. He instantly activated the frost array again. As soon as the frost array was activated, the cold aura around Xu Tui, and the entire Blizzard Domain Force Field, was multiplied.

The 14 ice flying swords in front of Xu Tui disappeared.

Energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state.

The Ice Flying Sword also belonged to energy. The 14 ice flying swords flashed and appeared outside the earth array. They circled around and accelerated, quickly blasting towards Feng Lie and the other three.

“You’re courting death!” Feng Lie sneered and gave the order, “Kill!”

Three ice flying swords roared as they blasted towards Feng Lie.

Feng Lie did not even look. With a flash of green light, his body disappeared from the spot. The three ice flying swords only hit Feng Lie’s afterimage and missed. In the next moment, the green light around Feng Lie’s body burned like flames. Green lights that were as fast as lightning blasted towards Yan Wuyu’s earth array.

In the earth array, Can Li had already tactfully scattered a large number of Origin Crystals and prepared them. In the face of death, Can Li was still very self-aware. However, just as Feng Lie was attacking with all his might, he suddenly realized that the attacks were a little weak.

His five subordinates did not all attack together with him.

Subconsciously, Feng Lie turned around. The moment he turned around, he saw his subordinates of the Seven Satellites had just broken through a layer of ice, but they were immediately sealed by another layer of extremely thick ice.

His three subordinates, two Six Satellites and one Five Satellites, two of them had huge penetrating wounds on their chests. Then, with the wounds as the center, their blood and internal organs were turned into ice sculptures.

The other person was not injured. He should have dodged or caught the ice flying sword, but he had also been frozen into an ice sculpture. The most ridiculous thing was that the strongest Planetary realm under him, the Eight Satellites, was also frozen into an ice sculpture.

It was also because Feng Lie did not see the process. The Eight Satellites took the ice flying sword. However, the moment the ice flying sword shattered, Xu Tui used the ice power of the ice flying sword as the source and used the ice seal.

Under such circumstances, the ice seal was unprecedentedly powerful. With just one strike, he froze the careful Eight Satellites on the spot. Two Six

Satellites and the Five Satellites had already died on the spot. Although Eight Satellites and Seven Satellites had been sealed into ice sculptures, they were still alive.

In his shock, Feng Lie could no longer care about anything else. He turned around at lightning speed.

He had to save them!

However, the ice flying sword rose in front of Xu Tui again..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1