Chapter 1736 - 1736: Spirit Sealing Array And Saved (1)

Chapter 1736 - 1736: Spirit Sealing Array and Saved (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even Xu Tui himself was pleasantly surprised that he had killed the wind-element Nine Satellites supernatural being, Feng Lie, in one strike. The power of the Frost Array Sword after the sword formation was refined had completely exceeded his expectations. It was very important to Xu Tui.

He had the usual method of killing a Nine Satellites Planetary realm head-on.

It was mainly the Frost Array Swords. Coupled with his foreign body teleportation, mind power force field, and other abilities, this was the first time Xu Tui felt that he had the ability to fight the Nine Satellites Planetary realm head-on.

Moreover, the Frost Array Sword, coupled with the main planet of mind power, had stronger restrictions. More importantly, the Frost Array Sword had opened up a brand new train of thought for Xu Tui. He could come up with more powerful methods.

It had to be known that Xu Tui’s current cultivation was still at the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. Of course, as long as Xu Tui was willing, his cultivation and aura could fluctuate to the peak of the Eight Satellites at any time. However, Nine Satellites could not.

Xu Tui could increase his mind power main planet to the mid-stage of the nine star halos, but he was still not the Nine Satellites. Currently, he had no idea how to break through to the Nine Satellites.

Although he was surprised, Xu Tui, an experienced warrior, was only surprised for a moment. The battle was not over yet. This was because supernatural beings at the Planetary realm, especially supernatural beings above the Five Satellites, killing his body was only the beginning.

It could even be said that killing the bodies of the Planetary realm experts around Nine Satellites was only a staged victory. His mental body could also fight independently. The decrease in his combat strength was only about 20%. Moreover, when the mental body was fighting alone, the attacks were even stranger and harder to injure.

Ordinary supernatural attacks would also greatly reduce the damage to the mental body. Of course, the problem with mental bodies fighting independently was that once their mind power was exhausted, it meant true death.

Therefore, after Xu Tui successfully killed Feng Lie with the Frost Array Sword and the flying sword, the mental hammer instantly condensed. He wanted to use the mental hammer to kill Feng Lie’s mental body.

The Small God Slaying Sword was even faster. However, the logo of the Small God Slaying Sword and the God Slaying Sword was too obvious. Xu Tui did not dare to use them easily now. The moment Xu Tui’s mental hammer blasted out, Yan Wuyu, who was watching the battle, attacked again. “Seal it!”

A set of array cores that were emitting strange fluctuations suddenly disappeared the moment Yan Wuyu activated them.

Xu Tui could sense that it had not disappeared. Instead, it became formless and turned into an invisible force that landed on Feng Lie’s corpse.

In Xu Tui’s mental perception, it was as if it had put an invisible mind power barrier on Feng Lie’s corpse. In an instant, it forced Feng Lie’s mental body, which was about to escape from the corpse, back into the corpse.

Yes, he sealed Feng Lie’s mental body into the corpse and could not escape.

That was awkward. Originally, as long as Feng Lie’s mental body escaped from the corpse, it would be extremely difficult to restrain it. The speed of a wind-type supernatural being was obvious. As long as Feng Lie wanted to escape, it would be extremely difficult for ordinary people to leave his mental body behind.

This was equivalent to killing half of Feng Lie. But now, Feng Lie’s mental body was sealed in the corpse, but the corpse was sealed in Xu Tui’s ice. It was equivalent to Feng Lie’s mental body being restricted to the spot.

Xu Tui could not help but look at Yan Wuyu in surprise. This old man was really powerful. The so-called number one support was not an exaggeration. It was much stronger than before Old Cai had mastered the Suppression Formula.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed into Feng Lie’s mental body, which was charging left and right in the corpse, like a pillar. At the same time, Xu Tui used an ice seal to freeze the Seven Satellites who wanted to escape.

“My Spirit Sealing Array can trap him for a minute at most,” Yan Wuyu reminded Xu Tui.

“It’s enough.”

The mental hammer smashed down again and again. Feng Lie’s mental body was shrinking at a visible speed. Every hammer would consume more than 5% of Feng Lie’s mind power. In less than 20 strikes, Feng Lie’s mental body would completely dissipate and he would truly die.

Feng Lie, who was sealed in the corpse, was completely terrified. ‘Yan Wuyu, how dare you harm me! Kid, if you dare to kill me, Sixth Master will definitely not let you off!” Feng Lie had already truly realized that this unknown kid in front of him could really kill him.

Hearing such a threat, Yan Wuyu chuckled. He had experienced too much in his life. So what if he was afraid of such a threat? So what if he was not? If he was afraid, wouldn’t Sixth Master come and look for trouble?

Yan Wuyu sized Xu Tui up as he smiled. He wanted to see how Xu Tui would deal with him. Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he heard that. “You reminded me. Wouldn’t it be a waste if I killed a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator just like that? I have to use it to study it properly!”

After a few consecutive hammer strikes, Xu Tui consumed more than half of the mind power in Feng Lie’s mind body. He was only left with 20%. He was close to being enfeeble.

Then, his mind power turned into a pair of invisible hands and directly captured the weak mental body sealed in Feng Lie’s corpse. Then, he sealed it into a blank Soul Crystal and threw it into the quantum dimensional chain.

The moment he was thrown in, the remaining Feng Lie of his mental body

suddenly shivered..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1