Chapter 1730 - 1730: The Ability To Burn Money And The Real Enemy (1)

Chapter 1730 - 1730: The Ability to Burn Money and the Real Enemy (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Eight Satellites Planetary realm was frozen by Xu Tui. Only Xu Tui knew that this person could no longer rely on his own strength to break out of the ice seal. However, the other participants did not know, so their attacks did not stop at all. The other four Planetary realm Spiritual Prison guards also took this opportunity to focus their fire on Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not have a single strand of iron in his head.

Although he could definitely withstand the concentrated fire of the other four people with his eight layers of Vajra Barrier and a layer of Ice Barrier, Xu Tui was not willing to reveal his life-saving abilities easily.

Xu Tui instantly teleported and disappeared. Half of the concentrated fire of the four Planetary realm guards missed. The other half happened to land on Yanzi, who was not far behind Xu Tui, because it was a ranged attack.

Recently, Yanzi’s cultivation had soared with Xu Tui. Her cultivation had already reached the Five Satellites Planetary realm. However, it was precisely because her cultivation had soared that her combat strength needed a certain amount of time to stabilize.

Yanzi’s cultivation of the Five Satellites only had the strength of the Four Satellites. At this moment, she was under concentrated fire and was immediately in danger.

“How vicious!” Yan Wuyu only had time to curse Xu Tui in his heart when he saw this scene. He could only do his best to save his granddaughter. He did not know if Xu Tui had any other trump cards, but he could not afford to gamble, nor did he dare to. The other array core in his hand was instantly thrown out and activated. “Earth Array!”

An earthen yellow light suddenly rose from all directions and enveloped Yanzi and him to protect them.

Thousands of Origin Crystals spilled out of Yan Wuyu’s palm. When the Origin Crystals landed on the ground, they immediately turned into the purest Origin Energy and surged into the earth -yellow light barrier.

A small earthen yellow mountain stood in front of Yanzi like a mountain. It was the Mountain Formula. The moment the mountain shattered, it blocked most of the attacks for Yanzi. Only a very small number of attacks landed on Yan Wu Domain’s earth array.

The earthen yellow light barrier swayed.

Yan Wuyu’s eyes flickered. It seemed that his grandson-in-law was not that vicious.

Xu Tui started a massacre at this moment. The moment he appeared, there was an ice seal. The Seven Satellites was immediately frozen. Then, he stood rooted to the ground and took the concentrated fire of the other three guards. Then, he froze two of them in an extremely short period of time.

Xu Tui did not use the ice seal on the last person. Instead, he condensed an ice sword. The sword light instantly slashed towards the Six Satellites. This Six Satellites happened to be an earth-element supernatural being. His defense was extraordinary. He actually managed to withstand Xu Tui’s sword, but he only managed to withstand it.

An ice sword smashed down and instantly turned him into an ice sculpture.

This was Xu Tui’s new attempt. He threw out more than ten drops of water. In an instant, more than ten ice swords appeared in front of his chest. The dozen or so ice swords danced at the same time before disappearing. He kept thinking and improving while he was in combat. This might be one of the reasons why Xu Tui became stronger the more he fought.

Behind him, Yan Wuyu and Can Li’s eyes lit up with shock. The Bing Zhen in front of them was too strong. Even with the help of the Yan Wu Frost Array, he was too powerful.

One was an Eight Satellites, one was a Seven Satellites, one was a Six Satellites, and two were Five Satellites. It only took two to three seconds to finish the battle in this narrow tunnel, and they were not injured at all.

It was no exaggeration to say that even a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert might not be able to kill them so beautifully.

Can Li was afraid. Other than fear, there was peace. With Bing Zhen’s powerful combat strength, the possibility of them holding on until Second Master’s men arrived was even higher.

Yan Wuyu thought even more. Such combat strength was extremely rare among experts of the same level, even among the Spiritual Race. Originally, it would be extremely good for such a young talent to be his grandson-in-law. He would be more at ease in the future.

But he was too vicious!

“Let’s go!” Xu Tui waved his hand and threw all five corpses into the quantum dimensional chain. The lowest was the Five Satellites Planetary realm. It would definitely be a considerable income if it was used to refine blood crystals and soul crystals.

Coincidentally, Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain space had the space after he took out the Aerospace Combat Jets. It was empty. Throwing it in was another resource gain.

Xu Tui led the way. Can Li carried Yan Wuyu on his back and quickly walked side by side with Yanzi in the Spiritual Prison tunnel.

“Zhen’er, your methods are quite extraordinary. I saw that you seemed to have understood something at the last minute. ” Yan Wuyu suddenly said.

“I have indeed comprehended something. I should be able to increase my combat strength. However, Elder Yan, your methods are also extraordinary. If not for your help just now, I would not have been able to end the battle in such a short period of time, ” Xu Tui said.

Yan Wuyu glanced at Can Li and replied.

Yan Wuyu was an experienced person. He had long understood that Xu Tui’s words were not meant for him to hear. They were meant for Can Li.

After all, no matter how one looked at it, it was abnormal for a Seven Satellites ice-type supernatural being to kill an Eight Satellites, a Seven Satellites, a Six Satellites, and two Five Satellites in two to three seconds. This was extremely eye-catching.

But it would be very normal if he had the help of Yan Wuyu’s Quantum Array. The various quantum arrays in Yan Wuyu’s hands were actually equivalent to high-level paywalls..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1