Chapter 1734 - 1734: Killing The Nine Satellites Head-On (2)

Chapter 1734 - 1734: Killing the Nine Satellites Head-on (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Next, you only need to follow my instructions and form the 11 flying swords into a frost array. Then, after the same vibration, let the 11 ice flying swords erupt at the same time. A brand new set of frost array swords will succeed.”

The more Yan Wuyu spoke, the more excited he became. “Although the frost array of our Spiritual Race is powerful, the price of refining it is high. It’s also a one-time consumable item. Even I can only use it for emergencies. If you can do it, there’s no price for you. Once you refine the Frost Array Sword, then…”

“It’s probably very difficult. First, it’s extremely difficult to find the original quantum frequency of the frost power in an instant.” Xu Tui’s School of General Senses ability was very strong. He was also very clear about the restrictions on the abilities of this school.

“No, no, no. This is not difficult at all. This is the simplest. A formation, or rather, an array, solves this problem. According to a special form and method, setting up a frost array would directly cut into the original quantum frequency of the frost power. The key is that you have to meet its special requirements.”

In his excitement, Yan Wuyu taught Xu Tui, “How about this? It’s very difficult to teach on the spot. You still have three sets of frost arrays in your hands, right? Use your mind power to invade a set of frost arrays and activate it with your full mental perception. You would be able to see the specific composition of the frost array in all aspects. Remember these directions. Then, use your ice flying sword to set up the most basic frost array.”

This was not difficult for Xu Tui. He could try. In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power sank into the Frost Array Core and instantly activated it. The moment he activated it, Xu Tui not only activated his mental perception to the maximum, but he also activated the Time Deceleration Force Field slightly.

Under the effect of the Time Deceleration Force Field, the detonation of the Frost Array Core became slow-motion.

In an instant, 11 blue spots of light appeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Xu Tui had refined a quantum array core with Yanzi previously, as well as an energy gathering array core. Therefore, he was extremely familiar with the locations of the jade cores in the frost array core. He knew where the main point was at this moment.

He had to remember the relative location, up, down, front, back, left, and right clearly. He even had to remember the specific energy strength on every jade core.

The time was too short. It was only for an instant. Even though Xu Tui had used the Time Deceleration Force Field, he could only remember most of it. Under the enhancement of the frost array, the power of Xu Tui’s frost flying sword increased slightly. However, it only increased slightly.

Feng Lie had used his full strength to deal with the explosion, but he had saved his Seven Satellites.

In the beginning, Feng Lie, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert, was caught off guard by Xu Tui. At this moment, he gradually became familiar with the pattern of Xu Tui’s ice flying sword and ice seal. It gradually became easier. “How much did you remember? Arrange it now and I’ll teach you on the spot,” Yan Wuyu shouted.

In the next moment, 14 ice flying swords appeared again. This time, the 14 ice flying swords suddenly formed a formation. It looked very strange at first glance, but it had a rhythm and inexplicable beauty.

Yan Wuyu was stunned. He could not help but size Xu Tui up again. This time, it was almost done.

“According to the order, there’s a problem with the seventh sword. Not only does the aura of the seventh sword have to be connected to the sixth and eighth swords, but it also has to be connected to the first sword. It has the effect of enlightenment.

“Frequency, 11 swords. You have to maintain a resonance frequency. Now, try it. Let the 11 swords attack at the same frequency as a whole. Explode the moment you sense a certain resonance!” Yan Wuyu guided Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression became a little awkwvard. Eleven swords were not as good as before.

In an instant, Feng Lie freed up his hand. Green light blasted the earth array like rain. As he blasted, he shouted at the subordinates of the Seven Satellites who had just been saved, “Contact Lord Qianliu immediately and get the subsequent combat teams to hurry up. We’ll send reinforcements last!”

“There are more than 30 mistakes. I say, change them!” Yan Wuyu also had a headache. He was the one who took it for granted. There were not more than 20 core refiners in the entire Spiritual Race who could refine such an exquisite frost array. How could he expect Bing Zhen to learn it in just a few minutes?

However, he could only try his best. Otherwise, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator in front of them would have trapped them here. Based on the current situation, Sixth Master’s troops would definitely arrive before Second Master’s troops.

He had to think of a way to save himself!

“How about this? I’ll teach you to change the first one first…”

As Yan Wuyu spoke, Xu Tui glanced at Yan Wuyu. He took out another set of frost arrays and used his mental perception and Time Deceleration Force Field to detonate it. This time, with his previous experience, Xu Tui had a different feeling.

Another 14 ice flying swords condensed and formed a frost array. Then, they blasted out. It still did not detonate frost’s original quantum frequency, but Yan Wuvu’s eves lit up. “There are still 16 mistakes. Again!”

Another frost array exploded in Xu Tui’s hand. Then, another brand new frost array appeared. Even without Yan Wuyu’s guidance, the Frost Array was Xu Tui’s best teacher under the Time Deceleration Force Field..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1