Chapter 1731 - 1731: The Ability To Burn Money And The Real Enemy (2)

Chapter 1731 - 1731: The Ability to Burn Money and the Real Enemy (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He could not afford to spend money like this.

Many people used countless connections and a huge amount of wealth to obtain one or two quantum arrays, such as Yan Wuyu’s Earth Array. They would not easily use it as a life-saving treasure.

Only Yan Wuyu could use it as he pleased.

With this premise, Xu Tui’s battle results at this moment were not as dazzling.

“Hehe, it’s not that I’m bragging, but decades ago, I could be considered the number one support of the Spiritual Race. Unfortunately, my strongest support is too expensive. Not many people in the Spiritual Race can afford it,” Yan Wuyu bragged while Xu Tui was talking.

Can Li, who was carrying him, cursed in his heart. This auxiliary method was not burning too much money, but burning his hands. Even masters like them could not afford it other than to save their lives. Other than the fact that it consumed a lot of materials during the refinement, it also consumed a lot of energy when it was used.

For example, when Yan Wuyu used the Earth Array to save his life just now, other than the Earth Array Core itself, he had thrown out 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals in one go.

This was just like facing an enemy. If the enemy he faced was stronger, Yan Wuyu would probably have to spend 10,000 to 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals in one go to make the Earth Array play a life-saving role.

However, this earth array that had been invested in would only last for half an hour at most. Furthermore, it could not be moved.

The earth array had already dissipated as Xu Tui and the others left. Only the user knew how cash-burning it was.

“Elder Yan, there might be more battles ahead. Your frost array has greatly increased my combat strength. Is there anything else?” Xu Tui asked.

“There are still two sets.” As he spoke, Yan Wuyu took out two sets of frost arrays and gave them to Xu Tui. He also taught Xu Tui the activation method. “If you use them directly, the effect should be stronger than mine.”

“Thank you!”

“We’re just in the same boat.” Xu Tui smiled, but his gaze was on Can Li. As the new generation of Core Refinement Masters in the inner hall of the Sanctuary, it made sense that Can Li did not have such a thing.

“This, Mr. Bing, I usually only make orders. This Frost Array is rarely refined in advance.”

Yan Wuyu coughed. “Our combat strength is rather weak. In order to save our lives, especially my disciples, I request that they bring at least two sets of various enhancement arrays with them.

“Because we are not sure what kind of companions or guards we will encounter. In order to deal with more accidents, I request my disciples to take the initiative to prepare these things and adapt them to all the supernatural beings and Planetary realms. Once they encounter an accident, they will immediately be able to strengthen the combat strength of the guards or companions.”

“Can Li, I remember that you were once Elder Yan’s student?”

“I don’t have such a shameless student. I’ve long expelled him from the sect.” Yan Wuyu sneered.

Can Li was helpless. He was exposed by Yan Wuyu. Some of the things taught by teachers were branded in their bones. Can Li found a way out for himself and rubbed his head. “I think I have it. It’s just that the era of refinement is too old. I forgot. There are two sets.”

As he spoke, Can Li took out two sets of frost arrays and handed them to Xu Tui with a pained expression. He sold this frost array for at least 60,000 grams of

Origin Crystals. Not to mention the profits, the refinement cost of a frost array was as high as 30,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui accepted it. He continued to get it as he walked forward. Can Li’s life was in his hands. There were not many chances to knock him out like this.

‘Give me two sets of the Earth Array too,” Xu Tui said.

Can Li wanted to refuse, but when he saw Xu Tui’s expression and thought about it, his life was in Xu Tui’s hands. He could only take out two more sets of earth arrays in extreme pain.

“Void Teleportation Array!” Xu Tui stared at Can Li after he accepted it.

Can Li’s expression changed drastically. However, he was extremely helpless under Xu Tui’s gaze. That was his true life-saving treasure. Moreover, the Void Teleportation Array was extremely difficult to refine. Currently, he could not complete it alone.

However, he had already been exposed during the transaction in his residence. If he said nothing now, he would only be punished by Xu Tui. Clenching his teeth, Can Li took out a set of Void Teleportation Array and handed it to Xu Tui. “I can only use it to escape 5,000 miles in an instant.”

“Just one set?”

“Just one set.”

Xu Tui understood that Can Li was lying. According to his nature, he had at least two to three sets of such life-saving items. However, he could not be too anxious. A rabbit would bite if it was anxious.

That was all for today.

Looking at the Void Teleportation Array that Can Li had obtained, Yan Wuyu clicked his tongue and sighed softly. “Kid, you’ve become successful. You can even refine a Void Teleportation Array.

“To be honest, I haven’t been able to refine the Void Teleportation Array alone.”

“I’m also working with someone. Every time I ask that person to take action, it will be 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals.” Can Li gritted his teeth. There was the smell of blood in his words.

Xu Tui was stunned. This Void Teleportation Array was so valuable. The effect was related to Old Cai’s Escape Formula. However, other than leaving one for himself for emergencies, Xu Tui had given the Escape Formula given by Old Cai to An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui thought about it and threw the Void Teleportation Array that he had just obtained from Can Li to Yanzi. “Keep it. Use it at a critical moment.” Yanzi took it and was about to refuse when Xu Tui added, “Don’t you know me?”

That made sense. Xu Tui had teleportation. That was not very useful.

At the side, Can Li almost vomited blood. The treasure that he had knocked away was given away in the blink of an eye. This…

Yan Wuyu nodded again. Even though Xu Tui’s previous performance was very vicious, it did not seem like he was that vicious now.

In a minute, the four of them quickly passed through the Spiritual Prison passageway and arrived at the fortress at the exit of the Spiritual Prison.

There were also a large number of Spiritual Prison guards stationed at the fortress at the exit of the Spiritual Prison. There were a total of 10 Planetary realm guards stationed there. The leader was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

To be honest, this level was the most difficult to pass. Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would have a chance of escaping alone. However, if he brought along the people in front of him, he would almost die.

After all, the fortress at the exit of the Spiritual Prison was extremely vital. If he wanted to rush out, he would have to kill the 10 Planetary realm guards in front of him. One of them was even a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

At this moment, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm guard was staring coldly at Xu Tui, Can Li, and the others. His power aura was vaguely locked onto Xu Tui.

Although they did not see the battle with their own eyes, they could sense it.

Xu Tui was the strongest in this wave of people.

Xu Tui understood that there was a chance when he saw that the ten of them did not attack immediately. He glanced at Can Li.

Can Li quickly stepped forward and said, “The access token given by the Lord

supervisor. ”

The leader did not have any intention of letting them go easily. Seeing this, Can Li sent a message to the Spiritual Prison Supervisor as quickly as possible.

“Do you want the Spiritual Prison to become the battlefield of the Second and

Sixth Masters? If this really becomes the battlefield of the Second and Sixth

Masters, who do you think will be the unlucky one in the end?”

In the next moment, an emergency communication device rang in the Spiritual Prison Fortress. It was a call from the supervisor.

The Nine Satellites had to pick up the communication device. When he picked it up, he cursed, “Get them to leave immediately. Get them as far away from the Spiritual Prison as possible. After leaving the Spiritual Prison, no matter how Second Master and Sixth Master fight, it has nothing to do with us.”

The Nine Satellites was slightly stunned when he heard the words ‘Second Master’ and ‘Sixth Master’. This matter was indeed not something they could interfere in. Although these people had killed his nominal colleagues previously and he did not want to let them leave, he could only choose to let them go at this moment. “Let them go!”

The ten Planetary realm guards made way for the four of them. The four of them quickly left the defensive fortress of the Spiritual Prison. The moment they stepped out of the tunnel, Yan Wuyu took a deep breath.

Air of freedom.

Xu Tui also heaved a sigh of relief. Bringing Yanzi and Yan Wuyu out of the Spiritual Prison safely was the first step to success. However, at the same time, six streams of light surrounded the four of them at lightning speed.

The leader was as bright as a shooting star. He was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm!

The true enemy is here!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1