Chapter 1733 - 1733: Killing The Nine Satellites Head-On (1)

Chapter 1733 - 1733: Killing the Nine Satellites Head-on (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The speed at which Xu Tui instantiated the ice flying sword was extremely fast.

14 ice flying swords instantiated again. This time, they were directly outside the energy barrier of the earth array. With a sharp whistle, they blasted towards the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Feng Lie.

Feng Lie had just blasted a layer of ice off the bodies of the Seven Satellites and Eight Satellites who were still alive when the ice flying sword instantly arrived.

Under the full enhancement of Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain and the Star Lord of Ji Shui’s seal, Xu Tui activated the ice seal the moment his ice sword struck. Its power was extremely shocking.

The Eight Satellites Planetary realm was sealed into an ice sculpture.

This made Xu Tui look forward to it. In that case, was it possible for the ice flying sword to freeze the Nine Satellites Planetary realm? At the thought of this, 13 of Xu Tui’s 14 ice flying swords blasted toward Feng Lie from all directions.

If he could freeze the Nine Satellites Planetary realm with this, it meant that Xu Tui’s strength had improved again.

It would mean a lot to Xu Tui if he could kill or severely injure a Nine Satellites Planetary realm without his divine demon abnormality. However, the greater the expectations, the greater the disappointment.

Xu Tui understood that he could not do it in an instant. The 13 ice flying swords blasted onto Feng Lie’s body in almost half a second. Every strike was accompanied by an ice seal. The 13 swords, including the ice seal after that, were all broken by Feng Lie.

Of course, it was not easy for Feng Lie to break through. Under the bombardment of 13 consecutive swords, Feng Lie also resisted with all his might. He did not freeze at all. He even had a trace of strength left.

After receiving the 13 swords, Feng Lie instantly waved several green lights, wanting to save the Eight Satellites first. However, the moment he waved it, his nose almost turned crooked from anger.

Xu Tui’s 14th ice flying sword superimposed on his Eight Satellites.

It pierced through the chest of the frozen subordinate of the Eight Satellites. The ice quickly spread out along the wound on his chest. This Eight Satellites also turned into an ice sculpture at this moment.

However, he was still not dead. His mental body was still there.

Feng Lie was also furious. He turned around and wanted to save the Seven Satellites. However, at this moment, Xu Tui’s ice flying sword condensed again and continued to attack Feng Lie.

Xu Tui already understood that he would not be able to kill the Nine Satellites’ Feng Lie with just the Ice Flying Sword and other abilities. Coupled with the instantiation characteristic of the mind power force field, it was not enough.

Similarly, earth-element supernatural abilities, the Mountain Formula, and so on were not enough. If he wanted to kill Feng Lie, he had to use the God Slaying Sword or foreign body teleportation.

However, the characteristics of the God Slaying Sword and the foreign body teleportation were too obvious. It was a little taboo for Xu Tui to use them now.

Xu Tui was already considering whether he should leave Yan Wuyu’s earth array and use his foreign body teleportation to kill Feng Lie after luring him away.

So there was a problem—could he lure Feng Lie away? Was Feng Lie’s first target Yan Wuyu or them?

Xu Tui could not be sure of that. He did not have a better plan. He could only continuously condense ice flying swords to stall Feng Lie and see if he had a chance to use foreign body teleportation.

In the earth array, Can Li felt his heart ache. Xu Tui was stalling Feng Lie. He had wasted all the 10,000 Origin Crystals he had thrown in previously. That was the wealth he had painstakingly earned.

Yan Wuyu looked at Xu Tui’s ice flying sword in a daze. He was deep in thought.

“Bing Zhen, your ice flying sword can be arranged and changed at will. It can be

completely controlled at your will?” Yan Wuyu suddenly said.

“Yes,” Xu Tui, who was constantly attacking Feng Lie, replied.

“I have a way to increase your combat strength in a short period of time. It might be able to help you injure Feng Lie, ” Yan Wuyu said. “What method?” Yan Wuyu’s words surprised Xu Tui. “Do you still remember my frost array just now?”

“I remember.”

“The principle of the Frost Array is actually to cause a resonance of the characteristics of frost power in a special arrangement. Then, through the energy resonance, it is triggered, amplified, and therefore, injures the enemy.

“By the way, it has a lot to do with the array formation of the Blue Star. It can even be said that in principle, it is derived from the array formation of the Blue Star Huaxia Race,” Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui frowned. Was it useful to say this at the last minute? It was useless, right?

Xu Tui already understood what Yan Wuyu meant. He was probably using the flying sword to form a frost array to increase its lethality. But could such a thing be learned in a short period of time before the battle?

“You might think that this thing is difficult to learn, but this thing is not that complicated, especially since you have a very rare foundation to use this ability. I’ll talk, and you’ll listen. If you have any questions, ask them.” The two of them communicated with their minds, so they communicated extremely quickly. It was countless times faster than normal language.

“The frost array I researched and refined requires a total of 11 points. Under normal circumstances, I need to refine 11 jade cores of the same quality and power level that contain the characteristics of frost power.

“At the same time, the Frost Array required a physical carrier to instantly trigger the original quantum resonance of the frost power. It would also be magnified and its power would be multiplied.

“Ordinary people would already be unable to instantiate 11 identical high-strength ice flying swords. You’ve already resolved the most difficult juncture..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1