Chapter 1737 - 1737: Spirit Sealing Array And Saved (2)

Chapter 1737 - 1737: Spirit Sealing Array and Saved (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Being studied? Making research materials? This seemed to be even more terrifying than death.

At the side, Yan Wuyu was slightly stunned. Every time he stayed longer, Yan Wuyu would realize that the actions of the extremely vicious grandson-in-law in front of him would refresh his understanding, be it his ability or behavior.

Although Yan Wuyu could not see the mental hammer, he could tell through his mental perception that Xu Tui had the ability to directly attack his mental body. This ability that could directly injure a mental body was rare.

“Elder Yan, I think your Spirit Sealing Array is quite useful. Give me a few sets too,” Xu Tui said. Xu Tui had taken a fancy to the Spirit Sealing Array. This method could easily seal the enemy’s mental body in the corpse. It was very mysterious. It directly turned the strange and difficult to control mental body into a live target.

Xu Tui felt that if he had a Spirit Sealing Array last time, the sixth main elder of the Spiritual Race would have been completely defeated by him.

Yan Wuyu was not petty. He smiled and threw a set of Spirit Sealing Arrays to Xu Tui.

“Just one set?” Xu Tui was stunned. A set of spirit sealing arrays was not enough. According to the previous situation, he would need at least four sets of Spirit Sealing Arrays to learn and replicate the Spirit Sealing Array through instantiation.

“I only have two sets of these.” Yan Wuyu spread out his hands.

Xu Tui looked at Can Li. If Can Li had two more sets in his hands, Xu Tui would be able to learn most of them. After that, he would find a time period without any interference and activate the Time Deceleration Force Field to the limit. Three sets of Spirit Sealing Arrays might also allow Xu Tui to instantiate the Spirit Sealing Arrays.

“I don’t. I don’t have a set.” Can Li shook his head. Xu Tui naturally did not believe him. He frowned.

“I really didn’t.” When Can Li saw Xu Tui’s expression turn cold, he quickly swore, “You don’t know how difficult this Spirit Sealing Array is. It’s already very, very difficult to refine it. It has an extremely high requirement on mind power. Most importantly, the materials used to refine it are extremely precious and difficult to buy.”

“Is it very expensive and difficult to buy?”

“That’s right. The materials used to refine the Spirit Sealing Array are controlled materials of the Sanctuary. Basically, the price of just the raw materials needed to refine a set of Spirit Sealing Arrays is above 200,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

“Under normal circumstances, only a fool would use such a precious material to refine a Spirit Sealing Array. Even the Sanctuary will usually only use this material to refine the Spirit Sealing Spike in Elder Yan’s body before reusing it,” Can Li said.

Xu Tui looked at Yan Wuyu. Clearly, Xu Tui did not believe Can Li.

“That’s true. I only have two sets. I’ve accumulated them for decades,” Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui glanced at Can Li and shouted, “Let’s go, Can Li. Give me the location of the second master. I’ll lead the way!”

Xu Tui kept the six Planetary realm corpses into the quantum dimensional chain as he spoke. These were all precious resources.

Other than the fact that he could touch the corpses in his free time, every corpse could be refined into a large number of Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals. These things increased his cultivation much faster than Origin Crystals. They were also the source of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword.

Soon, Can Li sent Xu Tui a location.

“The initial location is here. If we can rush here, Second Master’s men will rush over in seven minutes,” Can Li said.

“Let’s go!”

To be honest, speed was a weakness. Although Can Li was at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, his speed was really average. His flying speed was about the same as an ordinary Five Satellites Planetary realm. Ordinary Nine Satellites or Eight Satellites were twice as fast as Can Li.

However, Xu Tui had no choice. Xu Tui’s flying speed on his sword was very fast. He could bring people along, but it was too easy to expose his identity. He could teleport faster, but he could not bring people along.

So he could only fly ‘slowly’. It could be foreseen that he would definitely be caught up at this speed. Therefore, Xu Tui was no longer anxious. He and Yanzi followed beside Can Li and flew slowly. As they flew, Xu Tui recalled the Frost Array Sword from before. He continued to perfect the Frost Array Sword according to the previous situation and blasted out a sword formation from time to time.

The second Frost Array Sword surprisingly failed. The third sword succeeded, the fourth sword succeeded, and the fifth sword failed. Ever since the sixth sword, he had not failed five times in a row. All of them had succeeded.

Yan Wuyu and Can Li were surprised, but they also felt much more at ease. At this moment, only a powerful combatant like Xu Tui could give them peace of mind.

However, the enemy came faster than he had imagined.

After flying at full speed for less than four minutes, a stream of light suddenly rushed over from the left. With a wave of his hand, a tornado with a radius of more than ten meters swept over in front of everyone, forcing them to stop.

Another Nine Satellites.

Several streams of light with powerful auras chased after them from afar. Clearly, they were the subordinates of Nine Satellites.

“Feng Qiyu?” Yan Wuyu also knew this Nine Satellites.

“Elder Yan, it’s better not to resist stubbornly. By the way, where’s Feng Lie?” Feng Qiyu was a little puzzled.

A slightly powerful and cold aura suddenly rose in front of Xu Tui. Eleven ice flying swords had already gathered. “Feng Lie has already been killed by Elder Yan!” Xu Tui was the one who spoke.

Feng Qiyu glanced at Yan Wuyu. He naturally did not believe him. Green light suddenly shone around his body. Since Yan Wuyu was disobedient, he would kill a young man he did not know first. He would teach them a lesson..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1