Chapter 1743 - 1743: Yan Wuyu L S Condition (1)

Chapter 1743: Yan Wuyu l s Condition (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under the lead of Tu Chengshan, Xu Tui once again saw a luxurious scene after he entered the transit planet. Or rather, it was a scene of the Spiritual Race being rich.

They had actually built five quantum teleportation channels on this transit planet at once. In terms of resources, the Spiritual Race was really rich. When he was constructing the new quantum teleportation channel, Xu Tui used his consciousness to ask Yan Wuyu a question.

“Elder Yan, Tu Chengshan said that the Spiritual Race would have peace with the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas in the future. He only gave a thumbs-up. What does that mean?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s an existence in our Spiritual Race that we can’t say. We can’t say it, especially for the members of the Spiritual Race with higher cultivation levels. We can’t casually call this existence by his name. Otherwise, we might trigger a reaction. To make the Great Xi Clan, the Muyas, and our Spiritual Race peaceful for a period of time, other than this existence, there’s no one else,”

Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui already understood.

It was the Holy Ancestor. The Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor had interfered. In other words, under the intervention of the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race, the three races gave up on the war and began to cooperate to a certain extent.

In that case, it was very likely that the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had given instructions for this mysterious and massive military operation against the Blue Star humans.

NO!

According to the principle of reciprocity, if the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race appeared, the Great Xi Clan’s Father, Yuan, and the Lord of the Muyas would definitely appear. Once these three people appeared, it meant that the three races might target the Blue Star humans in the future.

Xu Tui broke out in a cold sweat. He did not understand what the Blue Star humans in the solar system had that would make the three races in the Milky Way go crazy. It was so crazy that their greatest existence began to appear and interfere. But now, the Blue Star humans did not know what kind of treasure they were sitting on at all. They were still struggling to survive in the solar system.

What exactly did the Blue Star humans have?

“Let’s go.” In less than half an hour, the five quantum teleportation channels were all completed. Tu Chengshan called out to Yan Wuyu and Can Li, “We’ll pass through one by one. I’ll destroy this quantum teleportation channel five minutes after I pass through.”

Tu Qianshan accepted the order.

Xu Tui was stunned. It was going to be destroyed? On second thought, it should be for the safety of Second Master’s so-called private residence. He would not casually add a new quantum teleportation channel.

However, this usage was really extravagant. He consumed five quantum array cores at once.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui was once again shocked. Second Master’s so-called private residence was actually a planet.

It was a truly private planet. It was a private planet that the Spiritual Race had conferred on the second main elder. Depending on the accumulation of the elders, there were one to several such private planets. They were all private planets with excellent resources and environments. It was no wonder that all the experts of the Spiritual Race wanted to become the main elder.

On the Blue Star, being as rich as a country was already the best way to describe being rich. However, in the Spiritual Race, a private planet could crush all the tycoons on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui had just entered this planet when he suddenly raised his head and looked in a certain direction. He could not see in that direction, but he felt that there was a tall mountain in that direction. It was extremely majestic. He could not see the mountains, but he could sense them.

Xu Tui was only surprised for a moment before he suddenly understood. That should be where the second elder of the Spiritual Race, Tu Hou, was.

Was the aura of Tu Hou so powerful? Then how strong was he?

The second main elder was as thick-skinned as his name suggested. When he walked over, he gave off the feeling that a mountain was pressing down on him. The pressure was extremely strong.

For example, Can Li and Yanzi could not help but bend down when Tu Hou walked over. Only Yan Wuyu and Xu Tui could stand upright with their powerful mind power.

The pressure brought about by his aura was too strong.

This was only the second-in-command of the Spiritual Race. How strong was the Spiritual Race’s Great Elder, Xu Yi?

“Hahahaha, Brother Yan, the last time we met was more than 70 years ago, right? It’s been a long time, but you’re still as energetic as ever.” Tu Hou laughed when he saw him, but his laughter was like thunder, causing Xu Tui’s eardrums to hurt.

“I was indeed as energetic as ever, but Second Master had advanced another realm! Back then, Second Master had a mountainous aura. As soon as I stepped onto this planet, I sensed Second Master’s aura. Has Second Master already fused with the planet?” Yan Wuyu smiled.

“There’s no hope for the small universe. I can only try this path.” After saying that, Tu Hou continued, “However, Brother Yan, you gave me a huge surprise. I’m afraid you don’t know about the multi-person teleportation technology of the quantum teleportation channel. When I heard this news, I couldn’t wait to pick you up on the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

“I was afraid that the commotion would be too great, so I restrained myself. However, the boys under me are awesome. They actually picked you up.” At this point, Tu Hou suddenly turned his gaze toward Xu Tui. “Brother Yan, is he the grandson-in-law that you treat like a treasure? He is indeed a talented person!

“Although he had the help of your frost array, he was already an outstanding talent in the younger generation of the Spiritual Race to be able to kill two Planetary realm Nine Satellites alone. Splendid! Your granddaughter has good taste!” Tu Hou gave Yanzi a thumbs-up, making her feel embarrassed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1