Chapter 1742 - 1742: Secret Military Operation Of Mobilizing Millions Of Armies (2)

Chapter 1742 - 1742: Secret Military Operation of Mobilizing Millions of Armies (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was also in the direction of the first unit.

Xu Tui was very curious. It was extremely rare for the Spiritual Race to mobilize such a large number of troops. Whether it was what Xu Tui had seen or the previous information, even if the Spiritual Race had changed their defenses, they would not mobilize such a large number of troops.

As the defense was changed, it was usually the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm. Did the Spiritual Race have some special military operation?

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He wanted to know too much. But he knew very well that Tu Chengshan and the others would ignore him if he asked directly. Although he had displayed a little combat strength previously, he was still a small transparent character.

What did the Spiritual Race lack the most?

The Spiritual Race did not lack Planetary realm experts with powerful combat strength.

For a moment, Xu Tui sized up the Spiritual Race troops that he could see at a

glance. He then looked at Tu Chengshan, Tu Qianshan, and the others, but he could not think of a good idea.

Xu Tui’s gaze even landed on Yan Wuyu. He wanted Yan Wuyu to help him ask about this. The possibility of Yan Wuyu asking for an answer was higher. However, what did Xu Tui have to pay for Yan Wuyu to ask this? What condition?

Just as Xu Tui was thinking about the conditions, Yan Wuyu, who was being carried by Tu Qianfeng, suddenly said, “Commander Cheng Shan, there are at least 50,000 troops in the cosmic tunnel, right? In our Spiritual Race, it’s very rare to mobilize such a large number of troops.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. Then, he was delighted. Yan Wuyu had the same doubts. That was good. He could sit back and reap the benefits.

“That’s right. A mobilization of troops on such a scale is also very rare. It might not happen once every few decades.” Tu Chengshan still answered Yan Wuyu’s question, but he did not have the answer Xu Tui wanted.

What Xu Tui wanted to know the most was what the military goal of the Spiritual Race was to mobilize so many troops.

Yan Wuyu’s gaze gently swept past Xu Tui. He suddenly asked Tu Chengshan, “Commander Chengshan, is our army going to use troops on a large scale against the Great Xi Clan again? The last time we used troops on the Great Xi Clan on a large scale was 120 years ago.” Yan Wuyu sighed.

“It’s not the Great Xi Clan.” Tu Chengshan looked at Yan Wuyu and shook his head. “In the short term, we and the Great Xi Clan might be at peace for a while. ”

“Oh?” Yan Wuyu revealed a surprised expression. “If it’s not the Great Xi Clan, are we going to use our troops on the Muyas? It’s not easy to fight the Muyas. The Muyas have many cannon fodder troops and are crazy. I also experienced it once back then. They’re all lunatics. They’re like wild beasts.”

Xu Tui had already pricked up his ears, wanting to hear the answer.

Tu Chengshan shook his head again. “Not the Muyas either. Recently, we will be at peace with the Muyas for a while.”

“Peace with the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan for a while? This… How is that possible? Especially with the Great Xi Clan. In the past few hundred years, millions of warriors have died in battle,” Yan Wuyu said curiously.

This time, Tu Chengshan did not say anything. Instead, he extended his thumb and pointed upward. Yan Wuyu instantly understood. His expression became solemn. “I see.”

Tu Chengshan nodded. Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. Was he playing dumb? He had no idea what he meant. Before Xu Tui could guess, Yan Wuyu spoke again, “It’s not the Muyas or the Great Xi Clan. Could it be the Blue Star humans in the solar system? The Blue Star humans of the solar system are not qualified for us to mobilize such a large number of troops, right?” Yan Wuyu asked.

Xu Tui was a little surprised. Yan Wuyu was like a roundworm in his stomach. Every sentence had touched Xu Tui’s heart. This made Xu Tui suddenly realize something.

Tu Chengshan did not answer Yan Wuyu’s question immediately. Instead, he looked at Yan Wuyu meaningfully and shut his mouth.

Seeing this, Yan Wuyu laughed out loud. “Understood. I understand. Such a large-scale military mobilization should be a military secret. I spoke too much and shouldn’t have asked.”

Xu Tui was a little disappointed. However, he had already felt a sense of danger in his heart. They were not sending troops to the Great Xi Clan, nor were they sending troops to the Muyas. With so many troops of the Spiritual Race, it was very likely that they were sending troops to the solar system and the Blue Star humans.

Could it be that the Spiritual Race had built a new passageway to the solar system? Or had the Spiritual Race opened up a cosmic tunnel to the solar system? Or had the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen lost its effect?

xu ‘l’ul was Durmng witn anxiety.

Not to mention that just the 50,000 to 60 ,ooo Spiritual Race troops that Xu Tui saw would be released into the solar system. The Blue Star humans would probably immediately face the Doomsday Calamity.

The only safety limit was that if the Spiritual Race wanted to reach the Blue Star, the base camp of the Blue Star humans, there was no fast channel. The flying time could be calculated in years.

However, if this army really charged into the solar system, the development results of the Blue Star humans in the solar system in the past two years would be swept away!

Xu Tui was really anxious. However, no matter how anxious he was, he could not ask at this moment.

Tu Chengshan felt a little embarrassed that Yan Wuyu had said that. Perhaps it was because Yan Wuyu was very important at the moment, but Tu Chengshan also added, “Actually, it’s not a military secret that needs to be kept a secret. This time, we’ve mobilized more than two million troops. They’re still being mobilized. Such a large-scale mobilization of troops is no longer a military secret, especially within the Spiritual Race. They are indeed targeting the humans of the Blue Star in the solar system.”

As soon as he said that, even though Xu Tui had extremely strong willpower, his heart still constricted slightly. However, under the influence of his powerful mind power and spiritual resonance, it was extremely difficult for others to sense it.

However, Xu Tui was really anxious. They had already gathered two million troops, but they were still mobilizing? According to their current strength, more than 95% of them were at the Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm. However, this number was enough to crush the Blue Star.

Most importantly, how could the Spiritual Race release such a large number of troops into the solar system? Could there really be a problem with the fire screen?

“It looks like they’re planning to completely capture the solar system! That’s right. It’s been a hundred years.” Yan Wuyu sighed. “But how can we release so many troops into the solar system? Even if my multi-person quantum teleportation channel is successfully researched, I can only teleport two to three people at a time, right?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“Elder Yan, don’t put me in a difficult position! I really don’t know about this.” Tu Chengshan smiled bitterly, as if he really didn’t know.

“Hehe.” Yan Wuyu chuckled.

“Elder Yan, I only know that this is a secret military operation against the Blue Star. Furthermore, it might be a joint military operation. However, I really did not know the details, including how to release it. Perhaps Second Master knows. If you’re interested, you can ask him,” Tu Chengshan said.

“What do I have to be interested in this war! Right now, I only want my granddaughter and grandson-in-law to give birth to a few fat boys for me. This way, I can enjoy family life. My lineage can be considered to have a descendant.” Yan Wuyu glanced at Xu Tui meaningfully as he spoke.

“Grandpa!” Yanzi’s face turned red, but Tu Chengshan, who was at the side, laughed. “Yes, it’s still possible to work hard.”

At this moment, Xu Tui finally reacted. Yan Wuyu’s meaningful gaze just now meant that Yan Wuyu was telling Xu Tui that that was all he could ask. He could not ask any more questions. He could not get anything out of him.

Even so, this information was extremely shocking. The Spiritual Race had to invest more than two million elites, and it was a joint military operation. In the Spiritual Race, only the Muyas or the Great Xi Clan could engage in joint military operations with the Spiritual Race.

The Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had launched a secret military operation against the Blue Star that had mobilized at least 6 million troops? Before he entered the target and turned into the planet, Xu Tui saw another Spiritual Race army that he could not see at a glance. They were advancing majestically in the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui’s heart instantly felt like it had fallen into an icehouse.

What exactly was a secret military operation between the three races?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1