Chapter 1746 - 1746: An Irresistible Dowry And Rejection (1)

Chapter 1746: An Irresistible Dowry and Rejection (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As soon as Yan Wuyu spoke, Xu Tui understood. This old man was about to officially discuss the future and conditions with him.

Xu Tui was not surprised by this. He even felt that Yan Wuyu was too good at keeping his composure. He could only talk to him about this now. Moreover, Yan Wuyu had already helped Xu Tui do many things before they negotiated.

Whether it was helping Xu Tui ask about the Spiritual Race’s secret military operation against the Blue Star, emphasizing the concept of the three of them as one, or the matter of the Frost Array, Yan Wuyu would do things first, not raise conditions first.

This alone made Xu Tui find Yan Wuyu very pleasing to the eye. This old man was very good at doing things. Therefore, Xu Tui was not disgusted by Yan Wuyu’s conditions. “Elder Yan, tell me.”

“I want to know what treatment you can give my granddaughter or me. Yanzi said that your status on the Blue Star is very high now?” Yan Wuyu said.

“My status on the Blue Star?” Xu Tui knew that Yan Wuyu was asking him about his background. He thought about it and suddenlv smiled. “The svstem of the Blue Star is very special. I don’t have much say in the Blue Star. I can only have a certain amount of influence. However, outside the Blue Star, which is the solar system, I still have a certain amount of say.”

“Only a certain level of authority?” Yan Wuyu was a little worried about Xu Tui’s statement. Or rather, he did not have confidence in Xu Tui.

It had to be said that the spiritual support of the spiritual resonance was a good thing. Although it could not see through the hearts of others like the legendary divine power, it could determine Yan Wuyu’s thoughts to a certain extent through the passive resonance of the spiritual resonance.

“The humans of the Blue Star, especially the humans of Huaxia, are usually more humble when they speak. You should understand very well that the right to speak is proportional to the strength,” Xu Tui said. “Then what rank can your strength be in the Blue Star?”

“From the looks of it, it’s in the top five.”

Although Xu Tui was a little conservative, he was not too conservative.

Xu Tui already had the ability to kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator, but his grandmaster, Shang Long, had extremely sharp attacks. Moreover, his strength was about to break through to the Nine Satellites. He was stronger than the current Xu Tui.

Other than that, if there were no more hidden big shots on the Blue Star, not many people would be stronger than Xu Tui. If Ullr had the strength he had displayed so far, he would not be stronger than Xu Tui even if he did not have any hidden methods.

However, there were no absolutes.

For example, Cai Shaochu.

Xu Tui remembered the arrangements he had made before he left when he thought of Cai Shaochu. It had been a few months. He wondered if Cai Shaochu had successfully arrived on Saturn.

If he could reach Saturn and completely complete the refinement of the Tu Yao Star Lord’s seal, then with the help of the power of Saturn, Cai Shaochu’s strength should be able to soar greatly. Moreover, according to Xu Tui’s deduction, if Cai Shaochu could reach Saturn, the increase might be several times that of Qu Qingshan.

Why did he say that?

This was because Qu Qingshan had refined the seal of the Ying Huo Star Lord. It corresponded to Mars.

Mars had been one of the main battlefields of the solar system over the years.

Furthermore, it had been developed and extracted by the various sectors of the Blue Star for decades. Its accumulation was not thick.

On the contrary, because of the distance, no one had entered Saturn for countless years. Once Cai Shaochu arrived, it was equivalent to accumulation. The improvement was naturally extraordinary.

“Top five?” Yan Wuyu was still a little dissatisfied. He felt that if Xu Tui’s strength could reach the top three of the Blue Star, he would really have enough strength to protect his granddaughter.

The top five was a little uncertain. However, this was very likely to be Xu Tui’s more conservative explanation. According to his granddaughter, Xu Tui’s strength was definitely one of the top people in the solar system.

“Actually, I’ve been hesitating. Should I let Yanzi completely betray the Spiritual Race, use this multi-person quantum teleportation channel technology to clear her name, or fight for a chance for her? However, after I understood the entire situation, I already knew that it was impossible. Unless I bite you out now and give up the location of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to make an extraordinary contribution, I might be able to clear my name.”

Xu Tui instantly became nervous and a little angry when Yan Wuyu said that. Before he came, he had already imposed Spiritual Shackles on Yanzi several times and given her many strengthened spiritual hints. She could not mention the location of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to anyone. The information of this location was more important than his life.

However, he did not expect Yan Wuyu to say that.

“Did Yanzi tell you the location?” Xu Tui’s expression darkened.

“No!” Yan Wuyu shook his head. “Whether Yanzi can or not, this position is more important than her life!” At this point, Yan Wuyu smiled bitterly. “Moreover, I have a feeling that it’s not just my life and death. I’m afraid Yanzi’s life and death are also in your hands.”

“As long as Yanzi doesn’t involve the location of the expeditionary army or related information, she will be safe,” Xu Tui said as he looked coldly at Yan Wuyu. Yan Wuyu had already crossed his bottom line during the test just now.

“Therefore, from this point of view, we don’t have many choices left. We can only follow you to the end. In theory, I don’t have the right to raise any conditions with you.” At this point, Yan Wuyu smiled again. However, this time, his smile was very calm and indifferent. “However, I’ve experienced several waves of tragic things in my life. There are some things that I’ve already seen through..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1