Chapter 1749 - 1749: Tu Chengshan’S Suspicion And Establishment (2)

Chapter 1749 - 1749: Tu Chengshan’s Suspicion and Establishment (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

“Suspicious?” Tu Hou frowned.

“Second Master, you should know that all the top geniuses are like awls in the bag. People like Bing Zhen are the top elites under the Second Master. How could they have been unknown before this?” Tu Chengshan said.

“Do you mean that the identity of Bing Zhen is fake?” Tu Hou narrowed his narrow eyes.

“It’s very likely. Moreover, not only Bing Zhen, but there’s also a lot of suspicious points about Yanzi,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Why?”

“Yanzi’s own explanation was that she took advantage of the chaos when the

Worldly Expeditionary Force escaped into the cosmic tunnel and stayed on Asteroid 677. In theory, it made sense. However, Second Master, if your army brought an alien captive, would it just be a simple watch?

“He must have other control methods, right? If they had other control methods, how could Yanzi escape so easily? After all, the current performance of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was extremely brilliant.

“Also, according to the intelligence, the information on Yanzi and the others’ identities and jade cores was all prepared for them by the commander of Asteroid 677, Qiu Nian. Qiu Nian was also a Planetary realm powerhouse. How could Qiu Nian obediently give them this information and even let Yanzi impersonate his daughter, Qiu Xuan?

“There must have been a problem back then. There must have been a problem that we did not know about,” Tu Chengshan said.

“There are also experts that we don’t know about assisting Yanzi from the side? Or is there a problem with the planet chief of Asteroid 677? Or is there something wrong with Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter, Yanzi?” A bright light suddenly flashed in his thick and narrow eyes. ‘Do you think this Yanzi might really side with the Blue Star humans?”

“Second Master, under normal circumstances, you’re used to being a human. There’s no need to be a pig. Everything about the Spiritual Race is not something that the Blue Star can compare to.

“However, the problem was that Yanzi had been captured by the Blue Star humans for two to three years. In these two to three years, if the Blue Star humans used all kinds of cruel and strange methods to deal with Yanzi, it would be possible for her to completely defect to the Blue Star humans.

“Second Master, should we find an opportunity to secretly take down Yanzi and interrogate her first?” Tu Chengshan said in a low voice.

Second Master shook his head. “No, Yan Wuyu is not easy to fool now. Yanzi is his lifeblood. We can’t touch her for the time being. Get the people guarding them to be 120% careful. They must not relax at all.

“Whether Yanzi had completely defected or whether she might have become a spy for the Blue Star Expeditionary Force or even something else, it was not as important as the multi-person quantum array core.

“The testing progress of the multi-person quantum array core must not be slow. If necessary, we can give Yan Wuyu a little more pressure.”

“What about Asteroid 677?”

“After all, Qiu Nian is the planetary commander of a planet, and he’s from the Northern Star Field. We can’t just take it down. Arrange for someone to secretly investigate first. If there are no results, you can take my token and interrogate Qiu Nian directly. However, don’t make too big a move. Remember, the most important thing is definitely the multi-person teleportation quantum array core,” Tu Hou said.

“I understand, Second Master. I’ll arrange it immediately.” “Remember, keep a close eye on Yan Wuyu and the others.”

“Understood.”

On Planet White Mountain, in a wide valley, Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng circled in the sky and stared at the hundreds of people busy below. Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha were on the ground. Their gazes and mind power followed Xu Tui and Yanzi’s movements.

A quantum teleportation channel had been completed. Yan Wuyu handed the other half of the four brand new quantum array cores to Yan Jiuqu. “Four sets. Complete the structure quickly within an hour. Every 15 minutes, I will start activating these four sets of multi-person teleportation quantum array cores.” “Fifteen minutes is not enough time,” Yan Jiuqu said.

“If you don’t have enough time, I’ll get Chief Tu to change people.” Yan Wuyu had a determined exDression.

Fifteen minutes was definitely enough for a core refiner like Yan Jiuqu. What was not enough was his research time.

Yan Wuyu had calculated this very well. In the end, Yan Jiuqu agreed to Yan Wuyu’s request. Before Yan Jiuqu stepped into the quantum teleportation channel, Yan Wuyu pointed at Yan Jiuqu and said, “This is the person, Bing Zhen. Back then, he had long leaked the news, causing me to fall into a huge crisis of internal strife. He was the direct murderer of Yanzi’s parents’ deaths. If you have the chance, help me kill him!” Yan Wuyu said fiercely.

Yan Jiuqu, who had just stepped into the quantum teleportation tunnel, turned around and looked at Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu. His eyes were extremely sinister, but they were also extremely cautious.

Although this was a normal quantum teleportation channel, Yan Jiuqu still used his mind power to check it over and over again before he stepped in.

Yan Wuyu was a top-notch expert in the area of teleportation. Yan Jiuqu was really afraid that Yan Wuyu would do something to him.

That way, he would not even know why he died! It would be over if he said that it was a quantum teleportation accident.

The probability of an accident happening in the quantum teleportation channel was only one in 100,000. However, there was such a probability. If it happened, he could only admit that he was unlucky.

“I’ll remember that!” As Xu Tui responded, Yan Jiuqu carefully checked the quantum teleportation channel before stepping over.

Fifteen minutes later, the first multi-person quantum teleportation channel was completed. Thirty minutes later, the second one was completed.

When the third multi-person quantum teleportation channel was completed, Yan Wuyu sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui with his consciousness. “The first and fourth are multi-person quantum teleportation channels. The third and fourth are intergalactic multi-personal quantum teleportation channels..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1