Chapter 1745 - 1745: Yan Wuyu’S Condition (3)

Chapter 1745: Yan Wuyu’s Condition (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A minute later, the pale-faced Yan Wuyu stepped out of the quiet room. Yanzi had a worried expression, but Xu Tui could sense Yan Wuyu’s surging mind power.

Yan Wuyu’s mind power was only stronger than Xu Tui’s. After stepping out of the quiet room, Yan Wuyu carried seven bloody Spirit Sealing Spikes that were about four inches long and said, “Second Master, leave these Spirit Sealing Spikes for me as a memento. To be nailed by the Spirit Sealing Spike once is also an extremely rare experience in our Spiritual Race.”

Tu Hou laughed. “Up to you. Chengshan, cooperate fully with Brother Yan for the test. Everything within the framework will be based on Brother Yan’s opinion. If you can’t make the decision, inform me immediately,” Tu Hou said.

“Understood.” The confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, moved very quickly. Three hours later, he had already moved Yan Wuyu, Xu Tui, and the others to a planet called Planet White Mountain.

This planet was also a private planet. It was famous for having many mountains. The test will be conducted here. Yan Jiuqu arrived at the same time as Xu Tui and the others. He was a member of Yan Wuyu’s clan, but he was Yan Wuyu’s enemy.

There were also the members of Yan Wuyu’s security team. There were a total of 24 members in the security team. They were led by four Nine Satellites Planetary realm, four Eight Satellites, four Seven Satellites, eight Six Satellites, and four Five Satellites.

Currently, there were only four Nine Satellites in place. The other security members would arrive one after another.

Two of the Nine Satellites members of the security team were familiar with each other. They were Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng, who had received them previously. The other two were Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha, both with earth-elements abilities and in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Originally, the security team did not think much of it. However, as soon as they arrived, they became very targeted.

Tu Qianshan was following Yan Wuyu, and Tu Qianfeng was following Yanzi, which meant that they were monitoring her. The people monitoring Xu Tui were two Nine Satellites. They were Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha. What was worse was that Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha were extremely fast.

They followed Xu Tui closely. This made it impossible for Xu Tui to contact An Xiaoxue and the others. He could not even contact Ah Huang through the Spiritual Race’s own quantum network.

Xu Tui estimated that these two guys had received strict orders. Their mind power auras enveloped Xu Tui all day long, preventing him from moving. This made Xu Tui extremely angry.

“Bing Zhen, come in. I need your help with something.” Yan Wuyu’s voice suddenly came from the quiet room.

Xu Tui, who was guarding the door, entered. Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha’s mind power followed him in.

“Scram!” Yan Wuyu shouted and instantly cursed, “Tu Qianshan, what do your people want to do? Why don’t you let them refine the core? Get me Tu Chengshan! This matter can’t be played anymore!”

As soon as Yan Wuyu flew into a rage, Tu Qianshan, the security captain, could only apologize profusely. He had no choice. He could not afford to offend Yan Wuyu now. If Yan Wuyu really caused trouble for the confidential chief, the four of them would be punished even if they did not do anything wrong.

Only by getting Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha to apologize would this matter be considered over.

“Tu Qianshan, protect us if you want. However, if anyone dares to come in and disturb us while we are refining the core, let the Second Master invite him to refine the core.”

Amidst Yan Wuyu’s scolding, the extremely lean figure pointed at Xu Tui and said, “Elder Yan, you shouldn’t need him when you’re refining the core, right?”

Yan Wuyu raised his head again and stared coldly at Tu Ying. “I said that I can use it, so I can. Are you convinced?”

Tu Ying pursed his lips tightly. After being pulled by Tu Qianshan, he said,

“You’re right, Elder Yan.”

“There’s also Yan Jiuqu and Can Li. If you dare to spy on me when I’m refining the core, then come. I won’t refine it again.”

Yan Jiuqu and Can Li could only smile bitterly.

Yan Wuyu closed the door again before using his consciousness to communicate with Xu Tui. “Commander Xu, we can talk about the future now..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1