Chapter 1740 - 1740: The Confidential Chief Appears (2)

Chapter 1740 - 1740: The Confidential Chief Appears (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui estimated that this might be the nomological law or origin characteristic power that Shang Long had mentioned. It was the key to breaking through to the Nine Satellites. If he could sense any characteristics, Xu Tui would have a chance of breaking through to the Nine Satellites.

At the same time, Tu Qianshan’s application of earth -element power was very ingenious. Xu Tui was having a great time stealing it.

He had no choice. Not to mention the Huaxia Sector, even the entire Blue Star had to figure it out themselves. Before Xu Tui, the strongest earth-element supernatural being was the Six Satellites.

Now that he had suddenly encountered an earth-element supernatural being from the Nine Satellites and was still fighting with all his might, Xu Tui wished he could turn on the recording and record all of this.

These were all extremely precious cultivation experiences in the future.

This was also one of the reasons why Xu Tui had captured Feng Lie and Feng Qiyu’s mental bodies alive.

Although there were not many wind-type supernatural beings on the Blue Star, it would be extremely meaningful to the wind-type supernatural beings on the Blue Star if they could obtain some cultivation experience or tips from the two wind-type supernatural beings of the Nine Satellites.

What he obtained might only be a little of the experience that was circulated within the Spiritual Race. It might be a huge step for the Blue Star.

For a moment, Xu Tui was happy that the battle would continue. The longer the battle lasted, the more experience he would obtain.

However, the show did not last more than a minute and a half before the expressions of Tu Qianshan and the others changed. Six more green streams of light rushed over at lightning speed. This was especially so for the leader. It made Tu Qianshan’s expression change drastically. Not only him, but even Can Li and Yan Wuyu’s expressions changed drastically.

“Feng Qianliu, I didn’t expect Feng Qianliu to come personally.” Tu Qianshan was also anxious. He immediately contacted another team. “Where are you?”

“Two minutes. Two minutes at most to get to your location.”

“You’re so slow. Two minutes! You’ll have to collect our corpses!”

“How is that possible?” Tu Qianfeng was still smiling. Naturally, he was not smiling.

“I’m not joking. Feng Qianliu is here!” Tu Qianshan became anxious.

“Hang in there!”

“You can be happy if I die!” As Tu Qianshan cursed, he hung up. Then, he turned around and looked at everyone. “I’ll be in charge of defense. The rest of you, cooperate with me! We have to shrink the defense circle. Those who had Origin Crystals, take them out. Two minutes. We need to last two minutes.”

“You’re courting death.” The green stream of light landed. Fengye Qianliu looked at Tu Qianshan, who was in charge of defense, and only said these words. Then, without saying a word, she began to attack.

A thousand-meter-long green wind blade suddenly condensed in Feng Qianliu’s hand. The thousand-meter-long wind blade was swung down by Feng Qianliu.

Boom!

Tu Qianshan was in charge of defense. A quarter of the earth-element energy barrier of the other five earth-element supernatural beings was instantly cut off by the saber. Previously, Feng Guoyue and the others had only shaved off a fifth of the energy thickness when they attacked with all their might. Moreover, that was not Tu Qianshan’s main defense.

It could be seen how powerful Feng Qianliu was.

Feng Qianliu was the confidential chief of Feng Ye. She was also an experienced

wind-type supernatural being of the Nine Satellites. Many years ago, she had already reached the peak of the Nine Satellites.

They did not know if she had broken through to the Nebula Realm, but her combat strength far exceeded that of ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Feng Qianliu had the battle record of killing the other Nine Satellites supernatural beings alone.

This was what Tu Qianshan was afraid of!

In just three seconds, under the continuous attacks of the 12 people and the two Nine Satellites supernatural beings, Feng Qianliu’s thousand-meter wind blade only slashed three times before Tu Qianshan bled from his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.

“All of you, hold tight. Retreat the defensive line! Origin Crystals, quick. I need more Origin Crystals.”

The people that Tu Qianshan had brought with him ranged from 5,000 to 6,000 to 20,000 grams. They had thrown all their Origin Crystals on the ground. At this moment, most of them had been guided and melted by Tu

Qianshan.

Only Can Li, Yan Wuyu, and the others did not move.

Tu Qianshan was also anxious at this moment. “Do the few of you want money but not your lives?”

Can Li looked at Xu Tui strangely when he heard that. Yan Wuyu’s gaze also shifted. He glanced at Xu Tui.

Tu Qianshan was anxious. At this moment, what was he hesitating for? He did not see the strange look in people’s eyes. It was also at this moment that the earth-element defense light barrier that he was leading shook violently again. Feng Qianliu attacked again. He could only crazily activate his defense.

He was also a little aggrieved. If he was alone, he would not be so aggrieved. However, he had to protect Can Li, Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi, as well as a useless guy, Bing Zhen. It was too much. However, the higher-ups had given a death order.

One could imagine how aggrieved Tu Qianshan was.

Xu Tui sighed to himself. He had originally thought that if this battle lasted longer, he would be able to sense the earth-element characteristics of the Nine Satellites more clearly. He would be able to use it as a reference when he broke through in the future.

Actually, there was no need for that in the future. As long as he settled down, it would not be long before Xu Tui began to try to break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Although Xu Tui already had the power to severely injure or even kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator, it was still a trick. He could only attack. He could not take it head-on.

Xu Tui was fragile in front of the Nine Satellites. He only had the ability to protect himself when he broke through to the Nine Satellites and faced a large number of them.

But now, Xu Tui had to take action. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not be able to deal with Feng Qianliu and Feng Guoyue, the two Nine Satellites Planetary realm, alone after Tu Qianshan died.

Just as Tu Qianshan was shouting, Xu Tui suddenly attacked. Eleven ice flying swords instantly materialized. Then, they flickered with a strange frequency and blasted out.

Feng Qianliu’s heart suddenly skipped a beat. She suddenly looked in the direction of Feng Guoyue. The moment she slashed out with the thousand-meter-long green wind blade in her hand, it turned into a thousand-meter-long green whip that wrapped around Feng Guoyue.

She wanted to protect Feng Guoyue. Unfortunately, she was still a step too slow.

Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword instantly erupted. A cold aura filled the sky within a ten-meter radius as it shot toward Feng Guoyue.

As if in slow motion, Feng Guoyue’s body was instantly covered in frost. Even though the green light around Feng Guoyue was spinning and continuously shattered the frost that was sealing him, the speed at which it was blasted away was slower than the ice that was sealing him.

With a crack, Feng Guoyue was instantly frozen. The sharp whistle of the silver flying sword piercing through the air rang out. It took advantage of the situation and blasted towards Feng Guoyue. A crisp sound rang out.

Under Feng Qianliu’s control, the green wind whip was like a poisonous snake that had come out of its hole. It accurately hit Xu Tui’s flying sword. There was a large decrease in the wind whip, and Xu Tui’s flying sword was also sent flying.

Feng Qianliu stared at Xu Tui with a solemn gaze. She sized Xu Tui up with a brand new gaze. At the same time, the wind whip suddenly turned into countless wind blades and quickly cut through the ice sculptures around Feng Guoyue. She quickly saved Feng Guoyue.

Tu Qianshan, who was originally under immense pressure, suddenly felt the pressure lighten. It was almost nonexistent.

Feng Qianliu and Feng Guoyue, who gave him immense pressure, actually stopped their attacks. The moment they turned around, Tu Qianshan was stunned. Eleven more ice swords appeared in front of Xu Tui and instantly slashed at Feng Qianliu.

Feng Qianliu did not dare to be arrogant when she faced Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword. She clenched her hands into a fist and a huge hurricane wind blade instantly appeared around her. She actually defended with all her might.

The cold light that erupted from the Frost Array Sword was shattered by Feng Qianliu’s hurricane wind blade. However, Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword struck again and again.

For a moment, the pressure on Tu Qianshan was greatly reduced. Although Feng Guoyue had brought ten subordinates, he could not break through the full-powered defense of Tu Qianshan in a short period of time.

This was especially so since Xu Tui would occasionally cause them some trouble.

The Frost Array Sword did not blast Feng Qianliu away. Instead, it blasted towards the others.

Feng Qianliu had to use her full strength to block Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword. It immediately disrupted the rhythm of Feng Guoyue and the others’ attacks. Occasionally, the remaining power of the Frost Array Sword would affect one or two of Feng Guoyue’s subordinates, causing them to be flustered.

The pressure on Tu Qianshan was greatly reduced. Two minutes passed in the blink of an eye. Almost at the same time, six khaki-colored lights flew over from afar.

Tu Qianfeng was here.

Feng Qianliu was so angry that her willowy brows furrowed. This time, they had failed miserably. An inconspicuous ice-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites had actually ruined her plan.

“Retreat!” Feng Qianliu and the others glared at Xu Tui. They instantly turned into green light and left. With two earth-element Nine Satellites supernatural beings working together and Xu Tui, Feng Qianliu knew very well that she could no longer contribute. On her side, there was no one else. The four teams she had assigned had all been sent out.

However, people were still rushing over from Second Master’s side.

They could only retreat!

By the side, the way Tu Qianshan looked at Xu Tui was completely different..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1