Chapter 1748 - 1748: Tu Chengshan ‘S Suspicion And Establishment (1)

Chapter 1748: Tu Chengshan ‘s Suspicion and Establishment (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Second Master’s private planet. His confidential chief, Tu Chengshan, was reporting to him in person.

“Second Master, Yan Wuyu has already refined four sets of cores for a multi-person quantum teleportation array. He is about to begin the first step of the object testing. The progress is still very fast.

“The core of the multi-person quantum teleportation array that he refined also followed your request. After the refinement was successful, he let Yan Jiuqu and Can Li go through it, but it did not meet his expectations,” Tu Chengshan said.

“It didn’t meet the expectations?” Second Master frowned. “They can’t completely solve it?”

“Two questions. First, Yan Wuyu is very shrewd. He let them examine, but he insisted on limiting the time to 15 minutes. The time was too short. It was not enough to crack the counterattack.

“Secondly, the quantum array core was too refined. The refinement method of Yan Wuyu should also be a secret method that he had newly developed. If the quantum array core was formed layer by layer like a cocoon, it could not be forcefully cracked. If it was forcefully cracked, it would immediately destroy the quantum array core.

“Therefore, Can Li and Yan Jiuqu will not be able to crack the key technology to reverse-engineer a multi-person quantum array core in a short period of time,” Tu Chengshan said.

“If they can’t crack it, how long will it take?” Tu Hou frowned.

“This is also why Yan Wuyu is so shrewd. According to Can Li and Yan Jiuqu, if we want to reverse-engineer the array core technology, we need enough samples and time. At the moment, neither of these conditions are met,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Enough samples? How many samples do we need?” Second Master asked.

“A few…” Tu Chengshan smiled bitterly. “Second Master, Can Li said that he needs at least 50 complete samples. If there’s no time limit, he has 60% confidence that he can crack it. Yan Jiuqu said that he needs more than 80 samples. He has a 70 to 80% chance of cracking it.”

“These are hundreds of samples. No matter how stupid Yan Wuyu is, he won’t give us so many. There’s no hope of cracking it in the short to medium term!” At this point, Second Master let out a cold grunt. “Trash! Can Li and Yan Jiuqu, these two trash, are useless at the critical moment. What’s the point of raising them?!”

Tu Chengshan smiled bitterly again. “Second Master, technology is really… Actually, it’s mainly because Yan Wuyu was too shrewd this time. It’s simply invulnerable.”

How could Second Master not understand the problem of technology? He was just extremely unhappy that his expectations had failed. Actually, Second Master could see through all the changes.

“Sigh, there are changes.” Second Master sighed softly. “That incident back then was also a drama between us. We wronged Old Yan. However, after that upheaval, Old Yan became so cautious and even began to scheme. It was normal.

“Forget it. I don’t expect them to solve the key technology now, let them slowly accumulate and find an opportunity to solve it. When the pressure test was successful, Old Yan would definitely give us the finished product. At that time, we would slowly crack it. In any case, Yan Wuyu and the others won’t be able to escape our grasp no matter what.” At this point, Tu Hou suddenly looked at Tu Chengshan. “You have to keep a close eye on him. Nothing must go wrong.”

“Don’t worry, Second Master. Other than the people on the surface, I’ve also secretly arranged for two Nine Satellites Planetary realm to take turns to keep an eye on them. In addition to the Nine Satellites guarding the testing planet, there are at least 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm keeping an eye on them. It’s definitely impossible for them to escape,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Yes, not only do we have to guard against them escaping, but we also have to guard against others stealing people,” Tu Hou instructed.

“Second Master, are you saying that Sixth Master hasn’t given up?”

“If it were you, would you give up? Perhaps Sixth Brother will pull someone else along,” Tu Hou said.

“Don’t worry, Second Master. According to the emergency measures, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm could still rush over for support in a minute. In an emergency, I’ll bring three more Nine Satellites Planetary realms to rush over personally in 15 minutes,” Tu Chengshan said.

Hearing this, Second Master thought for a moment and nodded gently. “Such a lineup can be foolproof. Are there any other problems?”

“Two more.”

“Speak.”

“Yan Wuyu is a little greedy,” Tu Chengshan said.

“What do you mean?”

“The materials he wants are all very precious. Moreover, according to Can Li and Yan Jiuyou, the materials he wants are clearly too much or even beyond the scope! Some things are not materials for refining a quantum array core at all. Instead, they look like materials for refining a life-saving array core,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Exceeding the limit!” Tu Hou smiled and shook his head. “This is nothing. It’s human nature. As long as it’s not ridiculous, we’ll satisfy him! Moreover, it was a multi-person teleportation array core. Can Li and Yan Jiuyou’s judgment might not be correct. What else?”

“There’s another problem, which is the identity of his grandson-in-law, Bing Zhen. The most primitive data we’ve found so far is the source of the database of the Northern Star Field’s Asteroid 677.

“The information he transferred showed that the identity jade token information used by Bing Zhen and Yanzi had been updated recently. According to the identity information of its planetary resident, Bing Zhen was just an ordinary disciple of the Bing Clan on Asteroid 677. It was not eye-catching. However, his performance was extremely stunning and a little suspicious,” Tu Chengshan said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1