Chapter 1747 - 1747: An Irresistible Dowry And Rejection (2)

Chapter 1747: An Irresistible Dowry and Rejection (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“If there was no hope for the future, then I might as well bring Yanzi to an end now. I would be able to die and have no worries in the future. After all, as long as a person is alive, they will have all kinds of worries. What do you think?”

Xu Tui could sense the calmness in Yan Wuyu’s heart through his spiritual resonance. Yan Wuyu was not threatening him or negotiating with him. Instead, he was negotiating with Xu Tui with his words.

Xu Tui could sense that Yan Wuyu no longer cared about life and death. If there was anything he cared about, it might be his granddaughter, Yanzi. Of course, if he could not see the hope of his granddaughter, Yanzi, in the future, he would really bring Yanzi along to die.

Instead of living to suffer, it was better to die cleanly!

This was Yan Wuyu’s current state of mind. Xu Tui had to treat it seriously, be it in disguise or if it was true. This was because the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel still depended on Yanzi and Yan Wuyu.

“Elder Yan, just tell me your conditions.”

“Alright, marry Yanzi.” Yan Wuyu’s conditions stunned Xu Tui.

“If you marry Yanzi, not only will you be able to obtain the intergalactic quantum array core that will allow the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to return to the solar system, at the same time, the multi-person quantum teleportation channel that I recently researched and the multi-person quantum teleportation channel technology will be given to you.

“In addition, I can give you the many power array cores that the Spiritual Race has studied with everyone’s strength over the years, such as the Frost Array, the Earth Array, the Spirit Sealing Array, the Fire Spirit Array, and so on.

“In addition, as an elder of the Sanctuary Inner Hall, as the former second elder of the Sanctuary Inner Hall, I have memorized at least half of the technology researched by the Spiritual Race. I can bring all of these to the Blue Star. Including many other things that I know, they are very valuable to the Blue Star.

“It’s not too much for me to describe the value of these things as priceless, right? I think you should consider such a generous dowry.” Yan Wuyu had a confident expression. The reason was that the dowry he proposed was extremely generous.

This was too important to the Blue Star humans. It could even be said that it could directly make subversive changes to many of the Blue Star’s technologies, causing many of the Blue Star’s technologies to undergo revolutionary changes.

However, in the next moment, the confidence on Yan Wuyu’s face instantly froze. Xu Tui shook his head slowly and firmly.

He rejected it!

Xu Tui actually rejected him.

“Elder Yan, this dowry is indeed indescribably generous! If one had to describe it with value, it could be compared to dozens of resource-type planets. But I’m sorry. I refuse,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Wuyu froze. That made no sense. His granddaughter, Yanzi, was extremely beautiful. Moreover, according to Yanzi, she had interacted with Xu Tui’s mind power previously and got along very well with him.

How could Xu Tui refuse such a generous dowry? To put it bluntly, with such a generous dowry, as long as his operations were not too bad, Xu Tui would have no problems becoming the Blue Star’s dictator or the Solar System’s dictator in the future.

He actually refused!!!

“Give me a reason.” Yan Wuyu looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui suddenly laughed when he saw the shocked Yan Wuyu. “I have a fiancée.”

“That’s not a reason. She’s just a fiancee. Those who are married can even get a divorce, let alone a fiancee. There’s no reason why he can’t refuse such a

generous dowry!” Yan Wuyu was puzzled.

“That’s why you don’t understand. Also, there’s something that you might have misunderstood.”

“What is it?”

“Do you always think that I am a person who prioritizes the big picture? Do I love Huaxia and the Blue Star?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yanzi said that before. I can tell, so I think that this should be a dowry that you can’t refuse.”

“That’s why I said that you were wrong. I love Huaxia very much. Many times, I

will put the big picture first. Sometimes, I will sacrifice myself for the big picture. However, I will definitely not sacrifice my lover and bury my love for the greater good,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Wuyu frowned. “No, you’re not even willing to sacrifice this. Then why did you say that you love your Huaxia?

“That’s why you don’t understand. I can die on the battlefield for my Huaxia, but I will not sacrifice my lover and love for the big picture in the future. Do you understand? I personally feel that loving my Huaxia and my personal feelings do not conflict. My wife will only be An Xiaoxue in the future,” Xu Tui said.

“Sigh!” Yan Wuyu let out a long sigh. “Yanzi told me about this girl. Why don’t you take a step back and marry both? It’s normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines.”

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. He did not expect Yan Wuyu to suggest such a thought. He had to admit that Xu Tui was a little tempted for a moment. This was a man’s nature. However, Xu Tui rejected him after he thought about it. “Elder Yan, do you think that marrying Yanzi is my guarantee?”

“Aren’t you?” “That’s not the right idea.”

“Why?”

“Yanzi has her own values and her own choices. Who she marries in the future, be it me or anyone else, should be her choice. Instead of asking you to make a deal out of this. Moreover, Yanzi should have her own powerful strength. The value of her own powerful strength is the foundation of Yanzi’s future survival,” Xu Tui said.

“I can help her realize her powerful value, but her powerful strength?” Yan Wuyu frowned.

“What was your cultivation level when you were Yanzi’s age?”

“Quasi-planetary, one step away from breaking through to the Planetary realm!

“What about Yanzi?”

“The Five Satellites Planetary realm, not far from the Six Satellites Planetary realm.”

“Then look, Yanzi has only been under me for a few years, but her strength is already about to soar to the Six Satellites Planetary realm. Then is the possibility of breaking through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm or even the Nebula Realm very high?” Xu Tui asked.

“The Nine Satellites Planetary realm is still possible.”

“Then with her talent, her ability in arrays, and the value of the core, coupled with the powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realm combat strength, which one do you think is more free and guaranteed than marrying me?” Xu Tui asked Yan Wuyu with a smile.

“Marry you ! ”

Xu Tui: ‘ .

Xu Tui was speechless. Yan Wuyu’s thoughts were too stubborn. He had wasted his breath. Just as Xu Tui was about to speak, Yan Wuyu suddenly said, “However, the method you mentioned can be considered a direction. In that case, I’ll have to slowly take out the things in my stomach. I won’t give them all to you.”

Xu Tui glanced at Yan Wuyu angrily. “Even if Yanzi marries me, you would not give me all those treasures since you are so shrewd. I think that you will definitely make the right choice in the future,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Yan Wuyu nodded. “That’s reasonable. Actually, there aren’t many choices left for us. From the looks of it, we can only walk the same path as you. However, I have a question. Can the Blue Star humans really tolerate the two of

“You’re always studying arrays. You should know more about the ancient culture of the Blue Star Huaxia Clan, right?”

Yan Wuyu nodded gently.

“Then, you should have some understanding of the inclusiveness of our Huaxia culture. Of course, the inclusiveness of culture is one thing. Most importantly, you have me and the Worldly Demon Slayers behind you. In the future, you will also be true members of the Worldly Demon Slayers,” Xu Tui said.

“Is this your condition?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“You can think of it that way.”

“Alright, I can barely accept it, but I have one more question.” “Ask away, Elder Yan.”

“Are you really unwilling to marry my granddaughter?”

A few minutes later, Yan Wuyu said in disappointment, “Alright, we’ll talk about this later. Now, come and study my plan.. I’m prepared to complete our victory and escape in the future test!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1