Chapter 1744 - 1744: Yan Wuyu ‘S Condition (2)

Chapter 1744: Yan Wuyu ‘s Condition (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yan Wuyu smiled. “It’s indeed precious. It’s very rare. The three of us are unwilling to be separated for a moment. Once we are separated, we will feel uneasy.”

Xu Tui’s heart trembled when he heard that. He had thought that he was being polite. He did not expect that the confrontation had already begun. Yan Wuyu had already started to raise his conditions directly.

The condition for doing research was that the three of them had to be together.

It had to be said that Yan Wuyu was very shrewd.

Second Master did not answer the question. “Brother Yan, I want the truth.

What’s the level of the quantum teleportation channel technology?”

“In theory, it’s 100% successful. What we need to do now is to test it. Second

master should understand the testing process. Object tests, live tests, human tests, and pressure tests. After the four testing processes, we can use it.”

Xu Tui understood the testing process. Yanzi had told him about it before.

Object testing was to test the items of the newly developed multi-person quantum teleportation channel. A large number of resources would pass through to test the basic safety and stability.

Live testing refers to the testing of living creatures and animals.

Human testing was done with the members of the Spiritual Race. However, this step was usually done with some captives or prisoners.

The last pressure test was to use a true expert for the actual test. It would be carried out step by step before the largest pressure test was carried out.

The so-called greatest pressure test was that if a multi-person quantum teleportation channel could allow at most three Planetary realms to pass, they would use three Nine Satellites Planetary realms for the test.

This step was the most dangerous. However, at the same time, it was safer. This was because before using the three Nine Satellites Planetary realm for the test, they would gradually use the One, Two Satellites, and Three Satellites for the test.

“Are you that confident?” Tu Hou smiled.

“You asked me the same thing a hundred years ago.” Yan Wuyu sneered.

Hearing Yan Wuyu mention the past, Tu Hou chuckled. “That means that we can start the test immediately. According to the normal process, if everything goes smoothly, the test will be successful in about a month, right?”

“The pressure test requires a large number of people. That will depend on Second Master’s strength.”

“I’ll naturally do my best to satisfy you. I’ll do my best to satisfy the list of resources you want and your previous requests. At the same time, I’ll use a secret technique to remove the Spirit Sealing Spike on your body. But I also have a request,” Tu Hou said.

“Please speak, Second Master.”

“The changes to every quantum array core and the changes to the design plan have to be recorded…’

As soon as Second Master finished speaking, Yan Wuyu straightened his neck. “Oh, then please send the three of us now, Second Master.”

“You don’t believe my promise?”

Hearing this, Yan Wuyu smiled. “Second Master, I’m already at this age. After experiencing several ups and downs, do you think I’ll have lived in vain if I continue to put my safety above the guarantees of others?”

“Haha.” Second Master smiled and looked at Yan Wuyu. “Brother Yan, there’s no room for negotiation. If the test is successful, I won’t be able to withstand your sky-high price.”

“Aren’t the lives of the three of us in your hands, Second Master?”

“That’s true, but I’ll be afraid when you open your mouth,” Tu Hou said with a smile.

“Bottom line!” Yan Wuyu only emphasized two words before staring at Second Master.

Second Master smiled generously. “Even if you are unwilling to entrust your safety to my guarantee, I am also unwilling to entrust all the information to you.”

“No, Second Master, you can!” Yan Wuyu emphasized. “Actually, I’m also doing this for the future safety of the three of us. After the test is successful, Second Master can give the three of us a private planet. Yanzi and I will specialize in refining a multi-person teleportation quantum array core for Second Master. How about that?” Yan Wuyu said.

Second Master was stunned for a moment before he suddenly laughed.

“Alright, no problem. However, I need to add another condition. I’ll transfer Yan Jiuqu over again and get Yan Jiuqu and Can Li to be your assistants. You have to confirm the new quantum array core for the two of them every time you test it. At the very least, I have to know the progress and details of the test,” Tu Hou said.

“Yan Jiuqu(” Yan Wuyu sneered. “Second Master sure knows how to choose people.”

“You don’t even agree to that?” Tu Hou’s expression changed slightly.

“Agreed. ”

“Alright! Chengshan will fully cooperate with all your conditions and requests.

However, at the same time, I will also send out an elite team to protect you. You have all the freedom, but all actions have to be within the range of the elite team,” Tu Hou said.

“Sure.” Yan Wuyu knew this very well. There was no way to negotiate. It was called protection, but it was actually surveillance. If they were not even willing to accept surveillance, there would be no way to negotiate this cooperation.

“Alright, come in. I’ll help you retrieve the Spirit Sealing Spike. Brother Yan, you’re also lucky. There won’t be more than 20 people in the entire Spiritual Race who can remove the Spirit Sealing Spike,” Tu Hou said.

“Thank you, Second Master.” Yan Wuyu smiled calmly. Then, he calmly followed Tu Hou into a quiet room.

Five minutes later, Yan Wuyu’s shrill scream rang out. Yanzi’s face turned pale. When Xu Tui’s expression changed, he was stopped by the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan. “The pain was extremely intense when one retrieved the

Spirit Sealing Spike. Don’t worry..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1