Chapter 1741 - 1741: Secret Military Operation Of Mobilizing Millions Of Armies (1)

Chapter 1741 - 1741: Secret Military Operation of Mobilizing Millions of Armies (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although Feng Qianliu had left, Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng were still very cautious. After all, this was the Spiritual Race’s Sacred Spiritual Planet. There were too many variables. Any of the main elders could mobilize a lot of power. They did not dare to be careless.

Five minutes later, Tu Chengshan arrived. Together with the other team, they gathered a total of four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. Tu Qianshan and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

“Elder Yan.” Tu Chengshan first came over to bow slightly to Yan Wuyu. The others nodded politely as a greeting.

This was normal. The status of an important person like Tu Chengshan in the entire Spiritual Race was only slightly lower than the 15 main elders and some of the important people who held the authority of the military.

It was only because Yan Wuyu was a true expert that he did not receive such treatment.

“The situation is more complicated than it looks. Second Master is already prepared to arrive at any time. Everyone, follow me out of the Sacred Spiritual Planet first. As long as we leave the Sacred Spiritual Planet, we will be completely safe,” Tu Chengshan said.

Xu Tui looked at Yan Wuyu. Yan Wuyu nodded slightly. Then, he sent a mental voice transmission, “That’s true. The interior of the Sacred Spiritual Planet is too complicated. If we encounter an extreme situation, even Second Master might not be able to protect us.”

What surprised Xu Tui was that while Yan Wuyu was communicating with Xu Tui through mental voice transmission, the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, actually glanced at Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu.

This made Xu Tui wary.

Tu Chengshan was extremely powerful. Even if he did not reveal his aura at this moment, his aura was only slightly weaker than the Sixth Master that Xu Tui had encountered.

“Elder Yan, let’s first go to the nearest planet through the cosmic tunnel, then head to Second Master’s private residence. At that time, Second Master will personally meet Elder Yan,” Tu Chengshan said.

“Sure.”

Four Nine Satellites and 20 Planetary realm experts escorted Xu Tui and the other three. They quickly headed toward the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel on the Sacred Spiritual Planet.

Along the way, Tu Chengshan’s communication device kept ringing. A few times later, he suddenly turned around and looked at Xu Tui heavily. Then, he swept his gaze toward Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng. “Really?”

“Yes!” Tu Qianshan quickly replied.

Tu Chengshan had a look of surprise in his eyes. His body flashed slightly as he approached Xu Tui’s side and said, “Brother Bing Zhen, who is your master? Or rather, who in the Water Sect did you cultivate with?

“Killing a Nine Satellites Planetary realm alone, one would be a top genius in any lineage. Why have I never heard of you?”

It was obvious that he was trying to find out more about Xu Tui. “The elder in the family is just a nameless person. All cultivation depends on luck,” Xu Tui replied calmly. “As for killing a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator alone, it’s all thanks to Elder Yan.”

“Huh?” Tu Chengshan turned to look at Yan Wuyu.

“My Frost Array Core is very compatible with his supernatural abilities! But I can’t afford it. The frost array cores that Can Li and I used to save our lives have basically been used up,” Yan Wuyu said.

Frost array core? Tu Chengshan knew this. It was a very expensive method of spending money. If the ability happened to match, a Seven Satellites ice-type supernatural being might be able to severely injure a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

But to directly kill two Nine Satellites, furthermore, they were wind-type supernatural beings who were good at speed. Ordinary ice-type supernatural beings of the Seven Satellites might not be able to do it.

Bing Zhen in front of him was definitely not an ordinary person.

However, up until now, Second Master’s intelligence system had not completely dug out the details of Bing Zhen.

Twenty minutes later, under the lead of Tu Chengshan, everyone quickly passed through the cosmic tunnel’s Defense fortress, left the Sacred Spiritual Planet, and entered the cosmic tunnel.

This time, because of Tu Chengshan’s status as the confidential chief, many higher-ups in the Defense fortress came out.

Power was very charismatic.

Xu Tui saw that there were four of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm guards on the Sacred Spiritual Planet. There were more than 20 other Planetary realm guards. Due to the faction, there might still be people who had not appeared.

From this point of view, it was almost impossible to attack the Sacred Spiritual Planet from the cosmic tunnel.

Due to the fact that Tu Chengshan was leading the way, there were many teams passing through the cosmic tunnel. However, as long as Tu Chengshan revealed his identity, no team would dare to investigate Tu Chengshan and the others. It went smoothly.

However, as he advanced, Xu Tui suddenly realized that there were a lot of troops advancing in the cosmic tunnel. Furthermore, they were different.

Before this, Xu Tui and Yanzi had led the Worldly Expeditionary Force into the cosmic tunnel. They had encountered many Spiritual Race troops and caravans.

Under most circumstances, the units of the Spiritual Race’s troops that passed through the cosmic passageway were relatively small. It was rare to see a six-person combat team with more than a dozen people.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui and the others had passed by two units. The first unit had more than 3,000 people.

The population was mainly in the Planetary realm, quasi-planetary realm, and Transmutation realm.

There were even more people in the second team that passed by. Up until now, the team had not reached its end. Preliminary estimates were that there were more than 30,000 people in this team.

Other than the Planetary realm, quasi-planetary realm, and Transmutation realm, there was also nearly 35% of the Genetic Evolution realm. They were quickly traveling through the cosmic passageway under the protection of the aura of a Planetary realm powerhouse..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1