Chapter 1757 An Xiaoxue'S Crisis And Choice (2)

Chapter 1757 An Xiaoxue's Crisis and Choice (2)

He even understood the laws and customs of the Spiritual Race better than Yanzi and Lang Heng.

Within the Spiritual Race, the planetary commander like Qiu Nian was already a high-ranking official. Under normal circumstances, if he committed a crime, he would be investigated and punished by the higher-ups of the Spiritual Race's Law Division. If it was any more serious, the Internal Affairs Ministry would capture him first.

In the worst-case scenario, the military would send people to take action.

However, it was relatively rare for the Sanctuary to send people over directly. The reason why he said that was that other than the elders representing the highest authority, the Sanctuary of the Spiritual Race was actually more like the most powerful violent mechanism.

The strongest combat power in the Spiritual Race was gathered in the outer hall of the Sanctuary. On the other hand, the inner hall of the Sanctuary gathered the most advanced technological research and strange techniques within the Spiritual Race.

And now a Nine Satellites elder from the outer hall of the Sanctuary came over to capture Qiu Nian. Under normal circumstances, Qiu Nian could have not submitted.

However, the problem was that Qiu Nian was as obedient as a grandson. Yan Lie felt that the problem might lie in the special token that Tu Yigai had displayed.

What kind of token would it be?

Something was wrong.

Yan Lie felt that something was wrong. It was not the Ministry of Law, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, or the military. What Qiu Nian was involved in must be a special situation. Although the situation was unknown, the safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force could not be taken lightly.

There was the Nine Satellites Planetary realm not far away. Yan Lie did not dare to use his not-so-strong mind power and special warning devices. Instead, he used the most direct method.

He sent a message to a person on the communication device of the Spiritual Race that he had bought. This person was Ah Huang. The quantum communication network of Asteroid 677 that Ah Huang half-controlled was the second safety valve of the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

"Ah Huang, forward everything that happened at the scene to Miss An in the form of a Level 1 alarm immediately."

Silently, the message sent by Yan Lie was deleted by Ah Huang. At the same time, An Xiaoxue, who was in a semi- closed private room 3,000 miles away from the planet's chief residence, stood up.

"Ah Huang, inform everyone to end their cultivation and recover their strength. Be prepared to fight at any time. Qu

Qingshan, Wen Shao, Wen Xinglun, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Zhao Hailong, and Cui Xi, come to the meeting room for a meeting immediately.

"Mu Xingluan and Miao Huanshan, enter the lowest level of the quantum channel teleportation center immediately. Be prepared to activate the quantum channel center at any time.

"Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Dai Lijun, lead your respective teams and start cleaning up all suspicious traces of life on the surface of the Fish Mountain Base. Be prepared to retreat at any time."

As soon as An Xiaoxue's order spread, the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force's secret base on Asteroid 677, Fish Mountain, immediately entered high-speed operations. In less than a minute, the candidates gathered by An Xiaoxue arrived at the temporary meeting room on time.

The decision-making model of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, or rather, the Worldly Demon Slayers, was to first hold a meeting and let the participants express their opinions. Finally, the regiment commander or the acting regiment commander would come up with a decision plan. Or in an emergency, the regiment commander could make a decision.

In comparison, An Xiaoxue's prestige was much lower than Xu Tui's. She could not make a decision with a single word. She had to follow the normal decision-making model. Soon, An Xiaoxue sent the relevant information that Yan Lie had asked Ah Huang to pass over to everyone.

"This is not an investigation within the normal range." Wen Xinglun was the first to express his opinion. "A Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Sanctuary. They held a special token and secretly interrogated Qiu Nian. This means that Qiu Nian has a problem that is not within the normal range. It might involve a special problem.

"Under the current circumstances, we had to be on high alert when Qiu Nian encountered such special treatment. This might involve our safety or Commander Xu Tui's. Qiu Nian is the only flaw in the third step of Commander Xu's plan."

"Xiaoxue, my personal opinion is to be prepared to deal with any accidents or retreat at any time. However, we still have to have a better understanding of the incident. Try to contact Yan Lie and get him to think of a way to obtain further information," Qu Qingshan said.

Qu Qingshan's opinion was immediately approved by everyone. An Xiaoxue also dealt with it like this. However, other than Yan Lie, An Xiaoxue also asked Ah Huang to probe for relevant information and analyze the data.

Everyone in the Worldly Expeditionary Force knew of Ah Huang's existence, but most people did not know that Ah Huang had already hacked into the quantum network within the Spiritual Race. Currently, Ah Huang was almost everywhere where the Spiritual Race had a quantum network.

But it only involved all the civilian quantum networks and a small number of quantum networks of military units. Ah Huang had not completely invaded the quantum networks of military and special focus units, such as the Sanctuary.

Although the order had been given and there was no new or worse information for the time being, An Xiaoxue was still frowning. Just as Wen Xinglun had analyzed previously, the change in Qiu Nian would affect the safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force and Xu Tui.

Actually, An Xiaoxue was not too worried about the safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. That was because Xu Tui had made ample deductions and emergency arrangements for the crisis that the Worldly Expeditionary Force might encounter before he left.

Even if the Spiritual Race discovered that the Worldly Expeditionary Force was on Asteroid 677 and the army had already entered Asteroid 677, as long as there was a minute, the Worldly Expeditionary Force would be able to retreat to another safe planet.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1