Chapter 1755: The Strength Of Tu Chengshan And The Crisis Of The Expeditionary Force (3)

Chapter 1755: The Strength of Tu Chengshan and the Crisis of the Expeditionary Force (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even though Tu Chengshan was a shrewd person, he still looked embarrassed by these words. How could that be! It did not matter if it was a crisis. However, under normal circumstances, that would be too awkward.

“You can’t, right?”

Tu Chengshan nodded slowly.

“Then the four of them keep an eye on the three of us like thieves. If we can’t even live a normal life, how can we conduct experiments and research? It’s

only because they didn’t dare to have any ill intentions on mv granddaughter.

Otherwise, they would have already become corpses!” Yan Wuyu flew into a rage.

Tu Chengshan broke out in a sweat. Fortunately, Tu Qianshan and the other three still had a bottom line. As he thought, he glared at Tu Qianshan and the other three. “Is that all?” Tu Qianshan asked.

“Is that all?” Yan Wuyu flew into a rage again. “Chief Tu, come, come. I’ll keep an eye on you when you’re cultivating or sleeping. How do you feel? Why don’t we try it on the spot? If you ask me, there’s no such thing even when watching a thief! Why don’t you come? Come, come. Shoot the Spirit Sealing Spike in again and give me a chain to restrict us. How about this? You guys can relax. At least we can pee smoothly and sleep peacefully.”

“How can that be? Elder Yan has suffered. I’ve made you suffer,” Tu Chengshan apologized.

Xu Tui was indescribably happy as he listened. This Yan Wuyu was shameless enough. He had used his seniority to make himself sound reasonable. If Tu Qianshan and Tu Ying could hear this, they would be so angry that they would vomit blood.

“Tell me, what should I do? In that case, I won’t be able to complete this mission. Why don’t you tell Second Master that I’ll write out the detailed technology and get someone else to test it?” Yan Wuyu said angrily.

“Elder Yan, calm down. Calm down! How can we get this many Teleportation Quantum Array Cores without you?” Tu Chengshan knew very well that if he really asked Yan Wuyu to hand over the relevant technical information, who knew if the thing he handed over was real or fake? He might not be able to successfully test it for more than ten years. After all, innovation was like that. “Calm down? How can I calm down now? Tell me, what should we do?” “I’ll deal with it. I’ll get the four of them to apologize to you sincerely!”

“Alright, I’ll wait!”

Xu Tui also stopped.

“Little Brother Bing, your strength is really not bad,” Tu Chengshan praised Xu Tui. Suddenly, he clenched his fingers lightly. He clenched them eight times in a row, and the four 50-meter-thick ice mountains began to shatter inch by inch.

Xu Tui was a little shocked. Tu Chengshan was very strong! He felt that the nearby world was within his control when he spread his fingers just now. This strength had definitely exceeded the average Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Nebula Realm?

The ice mountains shattered, and Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, Tu Shengsha, and Tu Ying instantly fell out of the ice mountain. Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha were only frozen. Their limbs were stiff as they fell to the ground. Tu Ying, who had five bloody holes in his bodies, was only left with one breath.

It was only because of the ice mountain that his wound was frozen. Otherwise, his physical body would have been gone. Tu Chengshan fed Tu Ying a pill with a dark expression. Then, he scolded him.

Tu Qianshan and the other three were inexplicably reprimanded. All of them quickly cried out. “Sir, we’re really not watching them pee. No matter what, we shouldn’t be like this!”

How shrewd was Tu Chengshan? He immediately reacted. It should be because the mind power of Tu Ying and the others was too closely monitored and did not allow Yan Wuyu and the others to communicate in private that this counterattack was triggered.

However, Tu Chengshan was even angrier. “The four of you are in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, but you were all frozen by a Seven Satellites. You guys have the cheek to complain? You’ve completely disgraced me!”

Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, Tu Shengsha, and Tu Ying were so depressed that they wanted to vomit blood. Such an aggrieved battle was enough to anger someone to death. In the end, they had to be reprimanded, scolded, and embarrassed. In the end, they had to apologize. Their chests rose and fell. They were about to explode from anger.

This was especially so for Tu Ying. The bloody hole that had just stopped exploded again from anger and blood spurted out. “Sir, we really…”

“Apologize!” Tu Chengshan said directly.

“Sir, we didn’t do anything wrong. We only followed your…”

“Shut up! ” Tu Chengshan directly scolded Tu Ying angrily, “The four of you still have the cheek to say that? If we win this battle, I can still have some room to turn the situation around. You lost and were all captured alive. They didn’t kill you or escape. Do I blame them?” After scolding them, Tu Chengshan’s expression suddenly turned cold. “Or should I ask the Second Master to request you to bow down?”

“No, no!” Tu Qianshan and the other three were frightened by these words. If that was the case, the four of them could forget about living.

“Alright, we’ll apologize!” Tu Ying gritted his teeth and said, “However, Brother

Chengshan, we have to take revenge in the future! If I don’t take revenge, I’ll probably never be able to lift my head up in my life.”

“When we complete the Second Master’s major matter, you can report it as you please with your abilities!” Tu Chengshan narrowed his eyes.

“Then we apologize!” Tu Ying said hatefully.

“Remember, be more sincere. Bear with it!” Tu Chengshan reminded them.

After taking a few deep breaths of bloody air, Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, Tu Shengsha, and Tu Ying walked in front of Yan Wuyu and Xu Tui and bowed.

“Elder Yan, our actions previously were inappropriate and we offended you. Please forgive us!” When they said this, the chests of Tu Qianshan and the other three were filled with the smell of blood.

It was too aggrieved!

Yan Wuyu did not make things difficult for them anymore. He chuckled and looked at Tu Chengshan. “Chief Tu, what should I do in the future if the four of them continue to keep an eye on me when I sleep or pee?”

“You can contact me immediately!”

“Hmph!” Yan Wuyu sneered with his hands behind his back. He was extremely dissatisfied with this answer.

Tu Chengshan hesitated for a moment and said, “Don’t worry, Elder Yan. They definitely won’t dare to do this again in the future!”

Yan Wuyu still did not say anything. He was still dissatisfied. Tu Chengshan frowned.

“Chief Tu, I’m also working for Second Master, but I’m also someone who needs some basic dignity! If my basic life was not as good as the Spiritual Prison, you might as well kill me! Let me put it this way. I will do my best to help Second Master. As for escaping, you saw it yourself. If I want to escape today, they won’t be able to stop me!

“Therefore, the next time something like this happens, I’ll get my grandson-in-law to kill whoever comes! Then, I’ll reason with Second Master. Is that okay?” Yan Wuyu stared at Tu Chengshan and asked.

Tu Chengshan narrowed his eyes and glanced at Yan Wuyu. Then, he nodded gently. In terms of this matter, Yan Wuyu did have a chance to escape today, but he did not. “Sure. Don’t worry, Elder Yan. I won’t disturb your normal life in the future. ”

“That’s good!”

Hearing this, Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, Tu Shengsha, and Tu Ying’s hearts trembled. This time, the four of them would have to be very careful when they monitored these three people in the future. If they really caused a problem, he would be killed by Bing Zhen for nothing!

After obtaining a confirmed answer from Tu Chengshan, Yan Wuyu suddenly chuckled and waved his hand. “Alright, then continue the test and strive to complete Second Master’s mission as soon as possible!”

More than ten minutes later, Tu Chengshan, who had secretly instructed them to take note of many things, left silently, leaving Tu Qianshan and the others behind with a sullen expression.

There was also Tu Ying. Even though he was seriously injured, he could not leave. He could only stay here to recuperate and continue with his mission.

Because this was a secret mission!

Just as Xu Tui, Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi were conducting a large-scale test on the multi-person quantum array core on Planet White Mountain, something happened to the Worldly Expeditionary Force far away in the Northern Star Field.

In Qiu Nian’s residence, Yan Lie, who had disguised himself as a personal guard and was lurking beside Qiu Nian with the help of Xu Tui’s hypnosis, suddenly noticed something unusual.

After a group of people showed a token, Qiu Nian, who was the local emperor of Asteroid 677, suddenly became extremely terrified. He was obediently brought into a secret room in the mansion by a group of people..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1