Chapter 1758: An Xiaoxue’S Crisis And Choice (3)

Chapter 1758: An Xiaoxue’s Crisis and Choice (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even in the worst-case scenario, the Worldly Expeditionary Force could buy more than a month of safety.

Currently, An Xiaoxue was most worried about Xu Tui’s safety. Just as Wen Xinglun had said, Qiu Nian was the only flaw in Xu Tui’s plan to return home after he transformed into Bing Zhen.

Xu Tui had considered this problem before. He could not kill Qiu Nian. Qiu Nian had a high position, killing him would bring him great trouble. It would attract the attention of the Spiritual Race to Asteroid 677 again.

Therefore, after much deep hypnosis, Xu Tui could only allow the flaw of Qiu Nian to exist. If they investigate and discover that something is wrong with Qiu Nian, the first person to be detonated would be Xu Tui’s identity as Bing Zhen.

On the contrary, it did not affect the safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force much. As she waited anxiously, An Xiaoxue checked the various emergency measures as usual.

The center of the underground quantum teleportation tunnel was normal. The traces of underground life began to be destroyed. The excess living supplies began to be processed. At the same time, the small-yield chain self-destruction device designed by Yang Huai was confirmed.

If they evacuated through the underground quantum teleportation channel, even if the Spiritual Race searched for them, they would not be able to find any clues about their lives in a short period of time.

In the secret room of the Planetary Chief’s residence.

Tu Yigai, who had completed the secret interrogation of Qiu Nian, frowned. He did not manage to get any useful information out of him.

Qiu Nian’s answer was too normal.

For example, the identity of Bing Zhen that they were asking about was the genius guard that he had discovered. For example, his daughter, Qiu Xuan. Qiu Nian had determined that it was his daughter, Qiu Xuan.

However, that was the problem.

Tu Yigai and the others had already known that Qiu Xuan’s daughter was Yanzi in disguise even before they were ordered by the intelligence chief, Tu Chengshan, to secretly interrogate him. They showed Qiu Xuan solid evidence in this aspect. However, Qiu Xuan was still his daughter, not Yanzi.

That was a problem.

“Sir, from the current situation, it’s very likely that Qiu Nian was affected by an extremely brilliant spiritual secret technique,” a subordinate brought by Tu Yigai said.

Tu Yigai frowned. He had come this time because he was here to interrogate. The team he led was a comprehensive interrogation team. Some were good at interrogation, and some were good at Spiritual Invasion. The person in front of him was good at Spiritual Invasion.

“Aren’t you an expert in this area? Very likely? I need an accurate answer and then report it to the Chief.” Tu Yigai frowned.

The expert that Tu Yigai had brought along, Mi Xin, who was good at Spiritual Invasion, smiled bitterly. “Sir, although Spiritual Secret Techniques are mysterious and not many people know them, the foundation of all Spiritual Secret Techniques is mind power. Based on the current situation, there are only two possibilities. The first is that what Qiu Nian said is true. The Qiu Xuan that Yanzi transformed into is really his daughter.”

“This is clearly fake. Chief Tu has already proven it.”

“Then there’s only the second possibility. Qiu Nian might have been cast with

Mental Shackles or Spiritual Shackles by an existence who is good at Spiritual Secret Techniques and has extremely powerful mind power. If we want to obtain the most realistic situation from Qiu Nian, we can only break these Mental Shackles or Spiritual Shackles,” Mi Xin said.

“How do I break it?”

“Only an existence who is proficient in Spiritual Secret Techniques and has stronger mind power than the caster can break the Spiritual Shackles that were imposed on Qiu Nian. An existence whose mind power is stronger than the caster?” Tu Yigai frowned. “How much mind power do you think it needs to be stronger than the mysterious caster?”

“Sir, my mind power is a little stronger than the Seven Satellites supernatural being. It’s even close to the Eight Satellites. Therefore, the Spiritual Secret Technique has to be at least at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. Moreover, it’s safer for an expert in Spiritual Secret Technique to be in the Nine Satellites to have the confidence to break the Spiritual Shackles of Qiu Nian without hurting Qiu Nian himself,” the Spiritual Secret Technique Expert, Mi Xin, said.

“Spiritual Secret Technique expert in the Nine Satellites?” Tu Yigai frowned.

There were very few Planetary realm experts in the Spiritual Race that specialized in Spiritual Secret Techniques, let alone the Nine Satellites. However, based on the current situation, he could only report for help.

“Sir, we can interrogate the personal guards of Qiu Nian before we report.”

Another interrogator asked, “It would be best if we can capture all of them.”

“Take them all for the interrogations?” Tu Yigai thought for a moment and finally shook his head. “Qiu Nian is the planet’s commander. Under normal circumstances, we have no right to interrogate him. Even for Qiu Nian, we only used technical methods to interrogate him. If we interrogate all of his personal guards and the matter blows up, it will be troublesome. It’s just like interrogating Qiu Nian. Use technical methods to confirm when an accident happened to Qiu Nian.”

“Okay!”

A few minutes later, under the suppression of the aura of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, everyone, including Yan Lie, obediently entered the secret room to be interrogated by the expert group brought by Tu Yigai.

The relevant questions were mainly about when Qiu Nian had seen a stranger, as well as the many questions about Qiu Xuan and Bing Zhen. They were assisted by a Spiritual Secret Technique Expert.

This scene made Yan Lie break out in a cold sweat. The worst-case scenario had occurred. He had hoped that this would be an internal strife within the Spiritual Race and would not involve the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

However, judging from these questions, they were here for Commander Xu Tui and Yanzi. Did something happen to Commander Xu Tui and Yanzi? Was he exposed?

In his anxiety, Yan Lie forced himself not to think about these questions and answered their questions in full detail..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1