Chapter 1750 - 1750: Tu Chengshan L S Suspicion And Establishment (3)

Chapter 1750 - 1750: Tu Chengshan l s Suspicion and Establishment (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

“When you leave, are you willing to use the previous single-person intergalactic quantum teleportation channel or multi-person intergalactic quantum teleportation channel? You can also pay attention to the relevant testing data.”

“Yes, I will. However, if I have to leave, I will definitely take you and Yanzi away,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Wuyu smiled and glared at Xu Tui. “Kid, you still don’t believe me.”

“I believe you, but we have to do the necessary safety guarantees! I can’t pin the safety of everyone on your character. Therefore, believing is believing. Means are means.”

Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu were chatting happily through mental voice transmission. But the expressions of Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha changed.

They were Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Their mind power was extremely powerful. When their mind power was fixed on Xu Tui, they could naturally tell that Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu were communicating with their minds. Furthermore, they were communicating frequently.

They thought about how the confidentiality chief had instructed them many times previously and then reminded them several times that they had to keep an eye on Bing Zhen and the others. They could not let them have any chance of causing trouble.

Tu Ying could not take it anymore.

The moment his gaze turned extremely cold, he flashed in front of Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu. Not only was he like a mountain, but he was also in front of Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu. He even mobilized his mind power and instantiated a mountain in front of Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu, isolating them from mental communication.

“If you have anything to say, the two of you can say it directly. There’s no need to communicate so secretly. Do you have any shameful plans?” Tu Ying stared at Xu Tui and sneered.

“What does it have to do with you if we communicate in private?” Xu Tui asked.

“You can communicate under our protection, but you can’t communicate in private like this.”

“Who stipulated that?”

“I stipulated it!” Tu Ying said proudly. “This is my duty and my future. It’s useless even if you move Chief Tu here. I have to do this! If you want to communicate, communicate openly. You can’t use your consciousness to communicate!” Tu Ying said.

“Heh!” Yan Wuyu laughed in anger. “Do you mean that you won’t listen to Chief Tu’s orders even though I called him over?”

“It’s my duty. My future depends on it. Unless Chief Tu replaces me, this is the requirement of my duty to protect you!” Tu Ying straightened his neck and said.

Xu Tui suddenly understood when he saw this. By saying that, Tu Ying had actually blocked Yan Wuyu’s path first. Under normal circumstances, as long as Yan Wuyu contacted Tu Chengshan and he scolded him, Tu Ying would have to retreat.

But now, Tu Ying used his duty and future as an excuse. Even if the mastermind, Tu Chengshan, came, he would not be able to force him to change. To put it more deeply, this might be a double act between Tu Chengshan and Tu Ying.

Tu Chengshan could also say that even if he was the Chief of Confidentiality, he could not make Tu Ying disregard the principle of changing his future and duties. In other words, it was useless even if Yan Wuyu called Tu Chengshan over.

He did it on purpose.

Tu Chengshan and Tu Ying must have done this on purpose. However, it would be too troublesome if he surrendered like this. In the future, they would not even be able to communicate with their minds normally. As long as it was an audio exchange or data exchange, there was a risk of it being stolen.

Yan Wuyu had clearly thought of this too. He could not help but frown.

“I want to communicate with my consciousness. What can you do?” Yan Wuyu said angrily.

“Elder Yan, I don’t dare to touch you, but I can isolate your consciousness communication.” Tu Ying’s method was simply shameless. Yan Wuyu was furious. If that was the case, they would not be able to communicate.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui suddenly flashed and bypassed the mental isolation of Tu Ying. He then quickly sent a voice transmission to Yan Wuyu’s consciousness, “Elder Yan, follow my instructions and cooperate with me. Let’s establish our might.”

“Okay!” Almost at the same time that Yan Wuyu responded, Tu Ying once again spread its mind power between Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu without saying a word. Furthermore, the range was wider than before..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1