Chapter 1759 An Xiaoxue'S Crisis And Choice (4)

Chapter 1759 An Xiaoxue's Crisis and Choice (4)

He answered these questions in a semi-hypnotic state. Why was it semi-hypnosis?

Before Xu Tui left, he had used the Spiritual Shackles on the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force many times. Even if something happened and someone was accidentally captured, they would not reveal any secrets of the Worldly Expeditionary Force through the other party's simple methods.

Only an existence whose mind power and the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence far exceeded Xu Tui could completely hypnotize Yan Lie and the others. Therefore, Yan Lie's answer was normal.

"Sir, we did not obtain any effective information during the isolated interrogation of the eight personal guards. According to their answers, Bing Zhen has been Miss Qiu Xuan's personal guard for more than half a year. In the past half a year, Qiu Nian hasn't seen any strangers, nor have there been any special incidents," the interrogator said.

Hearing this, Tu Yigai frowned. "Then what's the point of your interrogation? It's useless." After cursing, Tu Yigai looked at the Spiritual Invasion Expert, Mi Xin. "What about you? Did you discover anything?"

"Sir, during the interrogation, everyone's mental state was normal. Their hypnosis state was also normal. Oh, that's right. The guard called Yan Lie was not stable when he first

entered the hypnotic state. However, it was normal. He might be one of the few people who had strong self-protection. The answer is basically the same as the others," Mi Xin said.

Hearing this, Tu Yi glared. "The answers are basically the same? There were no useful discoveries either!"

"Sir, there's another possibility," Mi Xin suddenly answered.

"What possibility?"

"Sir, the eight personal guards of Qiu Nian were affected and controlled by the Spiritual Secret Technique. Moreover, the probability is extremely high," Mi Xin said. "Why?"

"Sir, under normal circumstances, different people express the same thing differently. If the same content is expressed by eight people, it might be eight different answers. Even if the meaning is similar, the way they express it is extremely different. At least half of the content is extremely different.

"However, the answers of these eight people were basically similar. There were not many differences. I think that if Qiu Nian is controlled by a powerful Spiritual Secret Technique user, his eight personal guards might have the same encounter," Mi Xin said.

"These eight guards!" Tu Yigai was a little shocked. "In that case, the nature of this matter might be very serious. The identity of Bing Zhen might really be very suspicious. I have to report and ask for permission from Chief Tu immediately," Tu Yigai said.

"That should be the case."

Tu Yigai immediately contacted Tu Chengshan. At the same time, Yan Lie, who had finished his interrogation, found an opportunity to send the content of the interrogation to Ah Huang. Ah Huang forwarded it to An Xiaoxue and deleted it.

In the Fish Mountain Hidden Base, An Xiaoxue, who had received Yan Lie's urgent warning, instantly trembled. This wave of mysterious visitors from the Sanctuary did not just interrogate Qiu Nian. He even interrogated the eight personal guards of Qiu Nian.

There were six questions about Bing Zhen and Yanzi in the interrogation. There was no doubt that this wave of mysterious people from the Sanctuary was definitely targeting Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue instantly realized the crisis. It was not the current crisis of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. Instead, Xu Tui, who had gone out to let the expeditionary army return home, might have encountered some kind of crisis.

However, from the current situation, Bing Zhen, who was disguised by Xu Tui, had already been suspected by some people in the Spiritual Race. However, his identity had not been exposed.

This special team was most likely here for a secret investigation. Because if they were so sure that there was a problem with Bing Zhen, there would be no secret investigation. Instead, they would be dealt with directly.

It was foreseeable that once the secret investigation of the eight personal guards and Qiu Nian came to a conclusion, the punishment for Xu Tui, who had transformed into Bing Zhen, would be clear.

In an instant, An Xiaoxue understood that she was going to face an extremely difficult choice or fate. Her next choice might very well determine the life and death of Xu Tui.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1