Chapter 1751 - 1751: Afraid Of Taking Action (1)

Chapter 1751 - 1751: Afraid of Taking Action (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although Feng Qianliu had left, Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng were still very cautious. After all, this was the Spiritual Race’s Sacred Spiritual Planet. There were too many variables. Any of the main elders could mobilize a lot of power. They did not dare to be careless.

Five minutes later, Tu Chengshan arrived. Together with the other team, they gathered a total of four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. Tu Qianshan and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

“Elder Yan.” Tu Chengshan first came over to bow slightly to Yan Wuyu. The others nodded politely as a greeting.

This was normal. The status of an important person like Tu Chengshan in the entire Spiritual Race was only slightly lower than the 15 main elders and some of the important people who held the authority of the military.

It was not that Xu Tui was afraid. It was just that Tu Ying had isolated them too quickly and the plan had not been discussed.

There were four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who were monitoring Xu Tui and the others. There were also 20 Planetary realm experts from the Five Satellites to the Eight Satellites who were monitoring them.

On Xu Tui’s side, Xu Tui was the only one who had combat strength. Yanzi was not worth mentioning in front of the Nine Satellites. If he did not have a good strategy, he would definitely be beaten up if he attacked violently.

The kind that was pressed to the ground and rubbed. However, the current situation had to be resolved.

Otherwise, if this bastard Tu Ying continued to do this, not only would it be inconvenient for Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu to communicate in the future, but they would also not be able to successfully implement their victory escape plan.

The mental wall of Tu Ying lay between Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu for more than 20 minutes. It dissipated when it saw that Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu were no longer communicating. However, the two Nine Satellites, Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha, still stared intently at Xu Tui.

As long as Xu Tui’s mind power moved, their mental wall would sweep out. It had to be said that this method was very disgusting. If you dare to communicate with your consciousness, their mind power screen will immediately enter and stop you.

At this moment, the four quantum teleportation channels had been built. The first test was about to begin.

Object testing—it was to quickly pass through the quantum teleportation channel that was to be tested in a short period of time with a large number of resources of different quality, density, state, and temperature.

This was an entry-level test. If it could not even pass the entry-level test, it meant that there were major flaws in his design.

This testing process was standard.

Second Master had already transported a small mountain of testing resources over. He was just waiting for Yan Wuyu’s order to start the teleportation test. What Yan Wuyu had to do was observe the situation of the teleportation and see if there were any problems.

The object test had to last 36 hours. It was also an intensity pressure test.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu gradually gathered together. The mind power of Tu Ying and Tu Shengsha stared at Xu Tui, like they were staring at a thief.

Low in the air, Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng smiled but did not say anything when they saw this. The scene in front of them was originally instructed by Tu Chengshan. Bing Zhen and Yanzi were too suspicious. If this continued, the probability of an accident happening would be greatly reduced, and the pressure on them would be much less.

Moreover, how should he put it? It felt good to see others suffer.

After all, surveillance was very boring.

100 meters in front of the testing tunnel below, Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu huddled together. Xu Tui used his consciousness to transmit the plan he had thought of to Yan Wuyu in the shortest time possible.

Almost at the same time,Tu Ying, who had been staring at Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu like a thief, noticed something unusual. In an instant, the mental wall of Tu Ying appeared out of thin air and lay between Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu.

Yan Wuyu, who had already understood that Xu Tui was going to the plan first, made an okay gesture at Xu Tui after thinking for an extremely short moment. Almost at the same time, Yan Wuyu, who had been smiling just now, was furious!

“You’re going too far!” Yan Wuyu suddenly roared, “Bing Zhen, kill this bastard.

Till

1 Lane IL:

“Alright, Grandpa!” Xu Tui let out a long laugh. He kicked. One of the hundreds of buckets of water that was used for testing ten meters away from Xu Tui was shattered by his kick.

The moment the water surged out, Xu Tui took a step forward and instantly activated the Blizzard Domain. The enhancement of the seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the Star Lord Ji Shui was instantly enhanced to the extreme in his mind.

The mind power around Yan Wuyu also erupted. He used his mind power to break through the mind power wall of Tu Ying and stood behind Xu Tui. The moment the Blizzard Domain in front of Xu Tui was formed, 14 ice swords instantly condensed. Three of them first blasted toward Tu Ying, together with his ice seal.

Xu Tui’s ice seal had just swept over when the light around Tu Ying shone brightly. He stomped his foot and the ice seal shattered.

Tu Ying sneered. However, Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng, who were low in the air, reminded Tu Ying at the same time, “Be careful!”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s other 11 cold flying swords instantly formed a frost array core and blasted toward Tu Ying. Tu Ying was not afraid at all. Layers of protective earth shields appeared around its body. “You actually dare to attack me. You don’t know the meaning of death!”

Tu Ying also decided to take the opportunity to teach this ignorant Bing Zhen a lesson.

Although he had heard of Bing Zhen’s battle results before, no matter what, Bing Zhen was only a Seven Satellites supernatural being. Moreover, there were also comrades of the Three Satellites and Nine Satellites around. What could Bing Zhen do to him?

The frost array core formed by the 11 ice flying swords exploded. Layers of ice light exploded like nuclear fusion..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1