Chapter 1754: The Power Of Tu Chengshan And The Crisis Of The Expeditionary Force (2)

Chapter 1754: The Power of Tu Chengshan and the Crisis of the Expeditionary Force (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under such circumstances, the power of Xu Tui’s ice seal and the Frost Array Sword increased exponentially. With a thought of his mind power, a random ice seal could strengthen the ice sculpture of Tu Ying and prevent him from escaping.

It was the same for Tu Shengsha.

Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng realized something. They stopped saving people and began to defend with all their might. It would be extremely embarrassing if the four of them were all frozen.

They would be so embarrassed that they could die!

However, they could not attack Xu Tui, could not leave, and lacked speed. They were live targets for Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword.

In less than 20 seconds, Tu Qianfeng was frozen into an ice sculpture under the continuous attacks of Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword. Then, Xu Tui began to use his Frost Array Sword to attack Tu Qianshan with all his might.

Tu Qianshan was embarrassed and angry, but he could only defend with all his might.

Satellites, who had merged with the rocks, trembled at the same time.

“Old Ning, what is this guy trying to do? Is he going to freeze Qianshan and the other three? Then freeze the others as well? Do you think he will escape?” Tu Rusong, who had been ordered to secretly monitor Yan Wuyu and Xu Tui, became anxious when he saw this scene.

His companion, Tu Ning, frowned. “That’s possible. If all of them are really frozen by him, he can really escape if he wants to.”

“Then what should we do? Should we attack?” Tu Rusong said anxiously.

“Attack? How? Yan Wuyu looks like a human shield. Do you dare to attack Yan

Wuyu?”

Tu Rusong shook his head.

“That’s right. You can’t attack this Bing. You can only be frozen like Tu Qianshan. We’re not much stronger. If we only take a beating and don’t retaliate, our outcome is destined to be the same as Tu Qianshan and the others,” Tu Ning said.

“Then what should we do? We can’t attack. If they really escape at that time, the two of us won’t be able to escape death!” Tu Rusong said anxiously.

“This matter is no longer something we can deal with. We can only report it to the higher-ups! Let’s report it to Chief Tu urgently first. Just say that if there’s a conflict now, Yan Wuyu and the others have a possibility of escaping. We can’t take precautions, We’ll report it truthfully and ask him to make a decision quickly,” Tu Ning said.

“Okay!”

Tu Chengshan was extremely fast. After receiving the emergency report, he personally arrived at the Testing Canyon on Planet White Mountain ten minutes later. Currently, multi-person teleportation Quantum Array Core is the most important thing. However, he did not expect an accident to happen at the beginning.

The situation after he arrived at the canyon stunned him. He had just arrived when he saw Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword erupting into a cold light that enveloped Tu Qianshan.

“Stop!” The moment he shouted, this scene frightened Tu Chengshan so much that he almost attacked Xu Tui. However, the moment he attacked, Tu Chengshan saw Yan Wuyu, who was protecting Xu Tui with his body. His hand trembled, and he forcefully retracted his ability to attack.

Tu Chengshan heaved a sigh of relief the moment his mind power enveloped it. Among the four of them, only Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, Tu Shengsha, and Tu Ying were seriously injured. The others were only frozen and injured. It was nothing.

In an instant, combined with the reports from Tu Ning and the others and the situation at the scene, the overall situation was clear. An earth-yellow light flashed slightly. Tu Chengshan directly appeared in front of Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu. “Elder Yan, what happened to make you so angry? If you have anything, you can look for me directly! Get your grandson-in-law to stop first.”

Yan Wuyu sneered when he heard that. “Chief Tu, you’re asking the obvious! If not for your instructions, how would the four of them dare to humiliate me like this?” He straightened his neck and simply ignored Tu Chengshan.

“How is that possible!” Tu Chengshan quickly denied it. ‘What’s wrong? Elder Yan, just say it. If they really did it, I’ll definitely uphold justice for you and get them to apologize to you!”

“You really didn’t order it?” Yan Wuyu was puzzled.

“No!” Tu Chengshan quickly denied.

“You really did not?”

“Alright, then I can say it. You have to uphold justice for me. I, Yan Wuyu, have never suffered such humiliation even in the Spiritual Prison!”

Even the confidential chief, Tu Chengshan, was a little puzzled by Yan Wuyu’s words. Did Tu Qianshan and the other three really go overboard? Not far away,

Tu Qianshan and the other three had already been frozen by Xu Tui. The four of them had become a small ice mountain. Even though they had a thousand grievances and helplessness, they could not open their mouths to debate. They could only endure it.

“Chief Tu, may I ask if you can pee when you’re being watched by eight pairs of eyes?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“This… I’m afraid it will be a little difficult…” As he spoke, Tu Chengshan turned around and looked at Tu Qianshan and the others. If they really did that, these four guys would have gone overboard.

Why were they staring at an old man when he was peeing? They were simply too free! Or did someone use his orders to peep at Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter, Yanzi? At the thought of this, Tu Chengshan could not help but feel angry. If he really did that, he would really punish these four people severely this time!

With their status, they could obtain anything. Peeking at Yan Wuyu’s granddaughter was simply…

“Just a little difficult?” Yan Wuyu sneered. “Why don’t we let Chief Tu experience it now? My granddaughter, my grandson-in-law, and Can Li.. The three of us will stare at you and see if you can pee!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1