Chapter 1753: The Power Of Tu Chengshan And The Crisis Of The Expeditionary Force (1)

Chapter 1753: The Power of Tu Chengshan and the Crisis of the Expeditionary Force (1)

Two Planetary realm auras suddenly appeared the moment Xu Tui pierced through the frozen Tu Ying’s chest. It only appeared for a moment before disappearing. It flashed like a firefly.

However, to Xu Tui, who had passive resonance with his mental perception and spiritual resonance, the moment these two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts appeared, it was like being pierced by needles.

The malice was obvious. They clearly wanted to attack Xu Tui, but for some reason, they shrank back.

Actually, Xu Tui had already thought of the reason. It was probably because Xu Tui was restraining himself.

Up until now, Xu Tui had already created three bloody holes in the frozen Tu Ying. However, none of them were fatal. There were three bloody holes in his right chest, abdomen, and left thigh. They looked terrifying, but they could not damage Tu Ying’s body.

Perhaps it was because of this that the two Nine Satellites hiding in the dark felt that Tu Ying’s life was not in danger and that there was no need to expose it. That was why they retreated.

However, Xu Tui was secretly shocked.

As expected, Second Master and Tu Chengshan were extremely vigilant against them. On the surface, four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were not enough. They even secretly arranged for two more Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Six Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and 20 normal Planetary realm experts had come to keep an eye on Xu Tui, Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi. They really thought highly of them. Including the Nine Satellites guarding Planet White Mountain, there were seven Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui knew his situation and what he wanted to do. Currently, he was only teaching Tu Ying a lesson to intimidate the other Nine Satellites and fight for a certain amount of freedom in the future. Otherwise, he would not be able to do anything all day long if he was stared at by these guys with his mind power.

Xu Tui had a chance to kill Tu Ying. After killing Tu Ying, perhaps Second Master and Tu Chengshan would temporarily hold back because of Yan Wuyu’s value. However, their situation would probably become even more difficult.

This was because killing Tu Ying was actually cutting off their own escape route. It was equivalent to telling Second Master that I had no intention of working for you in the future.

Second Master would probably have to send someone to keep a close eye on Yan Wuyu and not give them any chance. He was bewitching Second Master and the others by holding back now. He wanted to tell them that they still wanted to continue working for Second Master after the test was completed.

After being pierced through three times in a row, Tu Ying also understood that Bing Zhen would not really kill him. But he was frozen by a Seven Satellites and had bloody holes pierced through his body. It was extremely humiliating.

He was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He was an elder from the outer hall of the Sanctuary. Outside the Sacred Spiritual Planet, just based on this name, he was a noble existence above millions of people. Now, he was frozen and bombarded by Bing Zhen in front of so many people.

He had really lost all his face!

Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha also understood what Xu Tui meant. Xu Tui would not kill Tu Ying. He was only doing this to teach Tu Ying a lesson. Even if the three of them did not take action, the safety of Tu Ying would not be a problem.

However, the problem was his face!

They had lost all their faces by being beaten up by Xu Tui alone in front of 20 subordinates and more than 100 talents from all walks of life. If they really did not take action and saw Tu Ying being beaten up by Xu Tui alone, they would not be able to survive in the future.

Therefore, the three of them could only get the other Planetary realms to stay away from the battlefield and not attack. The three of them did their best to help Tu Ying block Xu Tui’s humiliating attack.

This might be the most aggrieved battle the three of them had ever fought in their lives.

Yan Wuyu protected Xu Tui’s side. They did not dare and could not attack Xu Tui. They could only passively defend and break it. They were not afraid of ordinary attacks. They could easily deal with them.

However, the lethality of the Frost Array Sword was too shocking the moment it erupted. None of them could deal with it alone.

Fortunately, there were three of them. Although it would be aggrieved and difficult, they could still deal with it. Now, it all depended on when Bing Zhen would stop. As for the other participants in the test, they had long dispersed. They watched the strange battle between the Nine Satellites in shock.

However, the development of the situation was different from what they had imagined.

“There’s no harm in making it bigger!” Yan Wuyu’s mental voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Don’t worry, I have a plan!”

Since he was going to cause trouble, he had to make it bigger. Only then could he fight for more rights. Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword, which had once again enveloped Tu Ying, suddenly changed its target.

It was Tu Shengsha.

Moreover, the time it took to attack might have been an instant. This caused Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng, who have already taken action, to be half a second too slow when they turned around to save Tu Shengsha.

Tu Shengsha was frozen into an ice sculpture on the spot.

Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng looked at each other in shock.

What was worse was that the Blizzard Domain that Xu Tui had used at the beginning and the bucket of water that he had kicked out had become extremely powerful under the cover of the continuous frost arrays.

Everything within a 1,500-meter radius of Xu Tui was covered in frost. At first glance, it looked like a place covered in ice and snow all year round. Ordinary Planetary realm experts would have to activate their power to resist the cold if they stayed here..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1