Chapter 1756: An Xiaoxue L S Crisis And Choice (1)

Chapter 1756: An Xiaoxue l s Crisis and Choice (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the residence of the chief of Asteroid 677.

Yan Lie was not the only one who was anxious that the planetary commander was taken away by a group of mysterious people. The other personal guards of Qiu Nian were also very nervous.

The reason was very simple. As the personal guards of the Planetary Commander, their job was to protect Qiu Nian. Moreover, because they were personal guards, they were treated very well. If something happened to Qiu Nian, it would be almost impossible for them to find a job with the same treatment.

Therefore, the eight personal guards protecting Qiu Nian, including Yan Lie, instantly gathered and were restless. If the Planetary Chief, who had been brought into the secret room, made any abnormal movements or sounds, they would definitely attack immediately.

Yan Lie was not anxious about this. He was anxious about the identity of the group of people who had taken Qiu Nian away. For what?

It had to be known that he had been ordered by Xu Tui to hide by Qiu Nian’s side as a personal guard for the safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. If the Spiritual Race took any action on Asteroid 677, even if the chief of this planet was not the first to know, it would not be too late for him to know.

It was the most important safety warning of the Worldly Expeditionary Force lurking on Asteroid 677. Moreover, the situation of Qiu Nian was related to the safety of Xu Tui, who had entered the Spiritual Race.

It was extremely important.

At this moment, Yan Lie was already weighing the pros and cons. Should he take the opportunity to guide him? He would get these personal guards to take the opportunity to probe the background of the mysterious person who had taken Qiu Nian away.

However, before Yan Lie could take action, the leader of the mysterious people who had just entered the secret room suddenly came out again. The moment he came out, the aura of an extremely powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse instantly enveloped Yan Lie and the other eight personal guards.

After the previous breach of Asteroid 677, Qiu Nian hired many personal guards with a high salary. However, the strongest personal guard was only a Seven Satellites Planetary realm. Yan Lie and the Six Satellites Planetary realm were relatively powerful.

The eight of them were enveloped by the aura of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. They immediately became silent and did not dare to move at all.

“I’m Tu Yigai from the Sanctuary. Look carefully. The Sanctuary is handling matters. Those who don’t want to die, behave yourselves.” Looking at the stunned personal guards who did not dare to do anything, Tu Yigai nodded in satisfaction. He then turned around and entered the secret room.

“By the way, the eight of you should stay here too. I might have to interrogate you later! Whoever dares to leave, think about the consequences!” Tu Yigai let out a cold grunt before turning to enter the secret room.

However, this cold snort was like a hammer that struck everyone’s hearts without any resistance.

Other than Yan Lie and the leader of the guards, the other six guards seemed to have been struck by lightning on the spot. Blood spurted out of their eyes, ears, mouths, and noses. Those who were lighter fell to the ground.

This was not a secret technique. Instead, it was Tu Yigai who used his powerful mind power violently to attack everyone. While Yan Lie looked aghast, he was extremely shocked.

Yan Lie caught a few extremely important pieces of information from Tu Yigai’s short sentence. The Sanctuary handled matters. He still wanted to be interrogated?

Interrogation! Were these people from the Sanctuary interrogating the commander of Asteroid 677, Qiu Nian?

Yan Lie was also very familiar with the internal structure of the Spiritual Race.

After his cultivation broke through to the Five Satellites Planetary realm, Xu Tui had told Yan Lie and the others that at their level, the predecessors of the Blue Star did not have much experience to learn from.

This was because up until now, none of the assassin-type cultivators in the Blue Star Extreme Branch had exceeded the Five Satellites Planetary realm. Yan Lie had to figure out the rest of the cultivation path himself.

He thought a lot about the subsequent cultivation path when the Worldly Expeditionary Force was undergoing the interstellar transformation. In the end, Yan Lie borrowed the opinions Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had given him.

Dao!

Cultivation in any cultivation direction could not escape a word at the peak— Dao!

Approaching the Dao, touching the Dao, or rather, the power that was close to the rules, touching the power of the rules. In that case, Yan Lie did not know what the rule power of an assassin like him was for the time being.

However, Yan Lie had thought it through. Since he was an assassin, he had to devote himself to comprehending this identity before he could touch the power of rules. How could he devote himself to comprehending this identity?

Yan Lie thought about it for a long time. He felt that assassins could not only rely on their own strength. An assassin had to study the timing, geographical advantage and human, these three aspects at the same time to instantly kill the enemy.

Of course, his theory was still very vague.

The timing was probably the use of external environmental information. The geographical advantage referred to the advance arrangement and use of geographical and environmental factors. Humans referred to the grasp and use of the human heart, including the use of psychology.

According to the opinion of the internal cultivation exchange of the Worldly Expeditionary Force, any cultivation theory had to be put into practice. Then, they had to modify it.

Yan Lie was also putting into practice the cultivation theory of the assassin-type that he had concluded. For example, Yan Lie was an active practitioner who grasped and used all the external environmental information that he could use.

Currently, during the battle in the Spiritual Race’s Star Field, Yan Lie had studied and researched all kinds of information about the Spiritual Race, such as language, internal administrative structure, laws, customs, and so on.

Therefore, Yan Lie could be said to know the Spiritual Race..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1