Chapter 1752 - 1752: Afraid Of Taking Action (2)

Chapter 1752 - 1752: Afraid of Taking Action (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In an instant, the defense that Tu Ying was proud of was instantly destroyed. The killing move that he had wanted to teach Xu Tui a lesson instantly turned defensive. He was also shocked.

Bing Zhen’s strength was really extraordinary. However, the power that erupted from the Frost Array Core was much stronger than anyone had imagined. The moment the Frost Array Sword erupted, it instantly sealed Tu Ying into an ice sculpture.

Neither Tu Qianshan nor Tu Qianfeng was surprised by this. Back then, Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword had killed two Nine Satellites Planetary realms in a row. They were surprised that Xu Tui dared to appear in front of Tu Ying under such circumstances. He was too bold and did not respect them.

He actually dared to attack Tu Ying under the noses of so many of them. He even froze Tu Ying. Bing Zhen was too arrogant just because he had some strength.

In an instant, Tu Qianshan and the others decided to teach Xu Tui a lesson. Almost at the same time, the auras of Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha surged. They wanted to suppress Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had already expected this situation. Once he attacked Tu Ying, he would definitely attract the full suppression of Tu Qianshan and the other two Nine Satellites. To be honest, if he could unleash his full strength at all costs and use his teleportation divine power, Xu Tui would still be able to deal with the four Nine Satellites.

Teleportation allowed Xu Tui to be mobile enough.

Although Tu Ying was sealed by the Frost Array Sword and could not move, he was still breaking the seal with all his might.

“How dare you!” Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha shouted. The super powerful attacks of the three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts blasted toward Xu Tui in different forms.

They had already decided that they had to teach Xu Tui a lesson. They had to severely injure him. They just had to leave him alive.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh when he saw Tu Qianshan and the other two attack at the same time. He activated his mind power and the real silver flying sword and the other 11 ice flying swords appeared at the same time. However, they ignored the attacks of Tu Qianshan and the other two.

To everyone’s surprise, Yan Wuyu moved. Yan Wuyu stuck to Xu Tui’s side. He protected Xu Tui with half of his body and said fearlessly and angrily, “If you have the guts, kill me too!”

Tu Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha were instantly stunned by Yan Wuyu’s protection. Even if they had ten guts, they would not dare to kill Yan Wuyu now. They did not even dare to injure him.

If they really killed Yan Wuyu, the Second Master would definitely skin them alive. They would definitely not be able to live. If someone said a few words to him, their entire family might be implicated.

Yan Wuyu was a scoundrel. However, what made Tu Qianshan and the other two even more furious was that both Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu did not put up any defense against their attacks.

Xu Tui, who was also Bing Zhen, used the protection of Yan Wuyu to attack Tu Ying with all his might. He did not care about their attacks and allowed them to land. Originally, if it was just Xu Tui, they would have been able to severely injure Xu Tui but not kill him if they carefully controlled the power.

However, the problem was that Yan Wuyu was definitely fragile. Even without any defense, it was still the crispest of the crisps. If any of their attacks landed on Yan Wuyu, he would definitely die on the spot. In that case, the three of them were completely finished. The feelings of the three of them were indescribable.

Shameless! What a scoundrel!

This old and young pair actually used such a method to deal with them. They were too shameless. However, they had to admit that it was too f*cking effective. It was simply their weakness.

The three of them would definitely not dare to attack Yan Wuyu. Therefore, they only had one choice at this moment. They would forcefully disperse the attack or move it elsewhere. However, the attack had already been launched and could land in an instant. So in order to prevent Yan Wuyu from being killed by them, they could not attack him even if they risked their lives.

For a moment, the three of them did their best to reverse or disperse the attacks at all costs.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

This price was that the three of them would suffer a backlash and vomit blood. However, Xu Tui had just bared his fangs. The silver flying sword instantly whistled as it blasted towards the frozen Tu Ying.

Tu Ying was also impressive. He was frantically activating his power to blast the ice, wanting to escape. If he was given another two to three seconds, he would really be able to escape. An earth -element supernatural being’s defense was still very powerful.

Unfortunately, Tu Qianshan and the other two made a mistake the moment they attacked. As a result, Tu Ying no longer had anyone to protect it. He faced Xu Tui’s full-powered attack. The ice sculpture, which was as thick as a small mountain, suddenly formed a straight tunnel at the heart of Tu Ying. Xu Tui’s silver flying sword instantly turned into a silver light and entered.

“Save me!” Tu Ying was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He had been through hundreds of battles and had extremely sharp senses and judgment. He instantly realized that this was a killing move, but he could not escape in his anxiety. So he screamed.

Silver light instantly blasted in.

At the critical moment, he crushed two life-saving jade cores. At the same time, all his strength was gathered near his chest and he defended with all his might. Xu Tui’s sword was stuck in his chest.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh when he saw this. Another silver flying sword flew out and instantly blasted toward Tu Ying.

Tu Qianshan, who had just spat out a mouthful of blood, endured the pain of the backlash and roared, “Save him!” The other 20 Planetary realm experts who had been watching this place instantly attacked. “We can’t attack them. We can only save Tu Ying!” Tu Qianshan added aggrievedly.

The other 20 Planetary realm experts also understood the weakness. They attacked with all their might to stop Xu Tui’s flying sword. However, they did not dare to attack Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu. If they really attacked, it was fine if they killed Xu Tui. If Yan Wuyu died, they would all be finished.

“You’re courting death!” Xu Tui did not have such scruples. He was also furious when he saw the 20 Planetary realm experts stop his flying sword at the same time. “Tu Qianshan, you forced me! ” With a furious roar, Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword suddenly changed. While the coverage increased, it suddenly blasted toward the place with the most Planetary realm powerhouses.

“How dare you!” Tu Qianshan instantly understood Xu Tui’s intentions. He was shocked and furious! The four of them were in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. They could withstand Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword without dying.

However, most of the other 20 Planetary realm experts might die on the spot if they were touched by Xu Tui’s Frost Array Sword. These 20 Planetary realm experts were all members of their combat team. They were all their comrades. They could not accept dying in front of them like this.

Comrades!

They had to save them!

Therefore, all Tu Qianshan and the others could do was to attack the ice seal that Xu Tui had blasted out with all their might and block this killing move for the other Planetary realms. They blocked Xu Tui’s killing move, but they did not dare to attack Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu. Naturally, no one cared about Tu Ying. Xu Tui’s other silver flying sword instantly blasted into the ice sculpture again.

Swish!

Silver light flashed past and passed through Tu Ying’s chest, leaving a huge bloody hole. In the ice sculpture, Tu Ying let out a scream, but he could not.

Xu Tui, who had found the trick, once again used the Frost Array Sword to attack the other Planetary realms. Even if Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng were Nine Satellites, they could only help their comrades block the attacks in a flurry.

Tu Shengsha wanted to save Tu Ying, but he did not know where to start. The best way was to attack Xu Tui. However, because of Yan Wuyu, he was afraid of taking action. At this moment, he was extremely depressed. He was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, took this opportunity to bombard Tu Ying. Every time the silver light flashed, it would leave a huge bloody hole in Tu Ying’s body. It looked extremely terrifying.

Tu Ying screamed repeatedly, but he was helpless. Tu Qianshan and Tu Qianfeng were also at their wits’ end. However, Xu Tui, who was attacking crazily, suddenly frowned. Just now, he had sensed a few more auras of the Nine Satellites.

There were more Nine Satellites?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1