Chapter 1765 - 1765: An Xiaoxue’S Choice And Means (2)

Chapter 1765: An Xiaoxue’s Choice and Means (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After all, Ullr could fight the Nine Satellites Planetary realm head-on with his speed. Wen Xinglun could not do it. If Wen Xinglun wanted to replace Ullr, he had to at least reach the peak of the Seven Satellites.

However, the problem was that even if she did not kill Ullr, she could not let him off so easily. Otherwise, she might as well kill an expert who did not listen to orders. With this hesitation, An Xiaoxue’s eyes were filled with killing intent.

“The military order of the Worldly Expeditionary Force is to kill anyone who resists!” As soon as An Xiaoxue said that, the spear light on Zhao Hailong’s silver spear increased slightly. The pain terrified Ullr.

Ullr was certain that Xu Tui would not kill him easily due to various considerations and fears. However, the problem was that An Xiaoxue did not know the gains and losses. She would not have the same considerations and fears as Xu Tui.

If she ordered Zhao Hailong to destroy his body with a spear, he could confirm that his mental body would not be able to last long. He could only use that treasure. If that was the case, it would be a huge loss.

Ullr did not want to use that treasure unless he had no choice.

At this moment, Ullr was really afraid. Ullr was really afraid that Zhao Hailong would listen to An Xiaoxue and shoot him in the head. He said anxiously,

“Wait, only the regiment commander can carry out this military order! Only the regiment commander can determine if I did resist it!”

Ullr’s words were actually a little rushed. It was not a matter of logic. It was just that his words exposed his mentality to An Xiaoxue. An Xiaoxue instantly realized something. She seized the opportunity and sneered. “Remember this clearly. I am now the acting regiment commander. I can qualify and execute military orders! Zhao Hailong!”

“Yes!”

An Xiaoxue shouted, and Zhao Hailong responded. Ullr was shocked, and his hands trembled. He had worked hard for half his life. Now that the Nine Satellites were imminent, it would be too aggrieved if he died here and was executed by military law.

“Deputy Commander An, wait!” Ullr said anxiously.

“What’s wrong now?” An Xiaoxue asked impatiently.

“I’m not a member of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. I’m only a guest of your Worldly Expeditionary Force. Therefore, your military law can’t deal with me.” Ullr thought of this in a hurry.

Although it did not make sense, it made sense. At the very least, he had to fool the situation in front of him. Ullr was really afraid that An Xiaoxue would kill him if she acted recklessly. On the other hand, he was not worried when Xu Tui came. Xu Tui was very considerate.

“Nonsense! You’ve participated in the battle for so long. You’re a member of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. Military law can punish you.”

“No! Even if I’m in the Worldly Demon Slayers, I’m also a member of the Myth Special Operation Team. I’m not a true member of the Worldly Demon Slayers.

Then tell me, you should be a special member in the Worldly Expeditionary Force! Therefore, this military law can’t be enforced on me for the time being,” Ullr quibbled.

An Xiaoxue frowned. “The military law can’t control you? Wouldn’t that be lawless? No, military law is like a mountain!”

An Xiaoxue was taking advantage of the situation to scare Ullr. However, Ullr was about to pee his pants. He was really a little afraid of death.

“It’s not lawless.” Ullr defended himself again. “Military law can interfere with me, but my identity is special. You can only execute military law on me after Commander Xu Tui arrives.”

“But the problem is, the regiment commander is not around now.”

“Then note it down first. When the regiment commander returns, report this matter to the regiment commander and let him deal with me,” Ullr took the initiative to say.

“Note it down?” An Xiaoxue frowned again. “But the problem is that you didn’t listen to orders. I have to deal with such a hidden danger first before I can carry out the rest of the plan.”

“I’ll listen to orders! I’ll listen to orders! I didn’t understand the situation just now. Now, I think that it’s still possible for us to kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm if we work together.” Ullr was indeed a person who could submit. At this moment, he was bowing and scraping in front of An Xiaoxue just to survive the crisis in front of him.

To be honest, in An Xiaoxue’s opinion, such a Ullr was extremely dangerous. She wanted to eliminate the disaster with one strike. However, she could not attack casually before the Immortal Seal was confirmed. Moreover, she still needed Ullr’s power.

“Alright, what you said makes sense! Then I’ll remember what happened today for you. When Commander Xu Tui returns, I’ll report it to him and let him deal with you. However, from now on, if you dare to disobey orders again, I can’t care less. I’ll definitely kill you to sacrifice my flag!” An Xiaoxue said sternly.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. As long as it’s not an order to tempting fate, I’ll firmly carry it out!”

An Xiaoxue actually had the urge to laugh when she heard that. Ullr was so afraid that others would trick him that he did not forget to add this sentence. In the next moment, Zhao Hailong’s silver spear trembled slightly. It disappeared from Ullr’s forehead and An Xiaoxue’s spatial cage in an extremely strange manner.

This ability was really…

Even though Zhao Hailong’s silver spear had retreated, An Xiaoxue’s mind power was still locked onto Ullr. If Ullr did anything wrong, An Xiaoxue would definitely attack with all her might. Ullr was quite good at adapting to the situation. He immediately wiped his forehead and began to listen to An Xiaoxue’s battle plan.

An Xiaoxue heaved a sigh of relief when she saw this. This was a happy outcome. To be honest, without Xu Tui around, Ullr’s combat strength was extremely important to the Worldly Expeditionary Force, especially to the subsequent battle plans of the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

To put it bluntly, Ullr’s lightning-type supernatural being’s speed, coupled with the enhancement of the lightning seals, was equivalent to three to five Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

Ullr even had the strength to instantly kill an ordinary Six Satellites and severely injure the Seven Satellites. Tactical effects were extremely important. She temporarily subdued Ullr, who had the strongest combat strength. The subsequent battle plan research went smoothly.

However, this battle plan took half a day to study.

It was very simple. There were too many variables. It required many battle plans, especially the tactic of killing a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert. They had to consider all kinds of extreme situations.

After all, up until now, other than Xu Tui, no one else in the Worldly Expeditionary Force had any experience fighting the earth-element expert in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. The earth-element Nine Satellites Planetary realm was known as the Planetary realm with the strongest defense and the hardest to kill.

This battle plan was not only discussed by the people in the Fish Mountain Base. Yan Lie, who was currently trapped in the planet’s chief’s residence, also participated in the discussion through Ah Huang’s secret assistance.

Moreover, Yan Lie’s opinion was extremely important. This was because only Yan Lie had met all the enemies and understood the situation of the entire actual combat field. There were four enemies. Moreover, their main target was the planet’s commander, Qiu Nian.

Because they had not found any so-called external enemies for the time being, they only forced Yan Lie and the other eight personal guards to not leave the inner court and be interrogated at any time.

On the other hand, the quantum network was not monitored. This made it very convenient for Yan Lie to transmit information, terrain, and various real-time data through Ah Huang. This was beneficial to An Xiaoxue and the others’ practical battle plans.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue made her final decision in the Fish Mountain Base.

“I think that we will only attack the relevant personnel of the planetary commander’s residence in this battle. We will definitely not attack the defense base of Asteroid 677, the cosmic tunnel defense base, the quantum teleportation tunnel defense fortress, and so on.

“There was only one reason. If we only attacked targets related to the planetary commander’s residence, it would bring the enemy a lot of confusion. There were many possibilities.

“However, if we attacked all of the military targets on Asteroid 677, it would be equivalent to announcing to the Spiritual Race that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force was on Asteroid 677. It would instantly attract the attention of the Spiritual Race back to the Northern Star Field.

“Alright, do you have any other objections?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Alright, now, adjust the time. Everyone will arrive around the residence of the Planetary Commander before 2:00 a.m. on the 21st of January 2142 of the Blue Star Calendar and wait for the order to act.

“Understood ! “

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1