Chapter 1769: An Xiaoxue’S Battle Merits (4)

Chapter 1769: An Xiaoxue’s Battle Merits (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, An Xiaoxue’s voice had already sounded in Zhao Hailong’s heart. “Don’t dodge. Continue stabbing!”

In the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force, Zhao Hailong and Yan Lie were probably the only ones who trusted An Xiaoxue under such circumstances.

Since Zhao Hailong ignored the wall of spiritual spears that was aimed at him, he continued to shoot at it.

While Tu Yigai and everyone was puzzled, Jagren’s figure appeared not far behind Zhao Hailong. He gently drew a circle with his fingertip. In an instant, a third of the Spiritual Spear Formation that was aimed at Zhao Hailong disappeared.

This third happened to allow Zhao Hailong to pass through quickly and safely.

Spatial transfer!

Jagren was a rare spatial superb individual on the Blue Star. His abilities were strange. This move could quickly transfer the matter in the current space. It was usually not very useful, but it was very useful in suitable places.

After saying so much, it was actually just an instant.

Zhao Hailong’s silver spear passed through Tu Yigai’s Spiritual Spear Formation and instantly turned into a silver light. It touched the shield and instantly flashed. It actually dodged the Earth Shield that had just materialized and stabbed Tu Yigai’s forehead.

Silver Spatial Spear!

A strange light shone in Tu Yigai’s eyes. He did not expect such cooperation to force a Nine Satellites earth-element supernatural being like him to such an extent. This was especially so for the spatial silver spear. This was the first time he had seen it.

An Extreme Branch could actually use spatial abilities. It was too rare!

Seeing that he was about to be shot in the head, Tu Yigai couldn’t care less. He instantly widened his eyes. Countless earth-element lights gathered at his forehead, strengthening his rock armor to the extreme.

Ding!

The spatial silver spear slammed into Tu Yi’s forehead, but there was a crisp sound. Cracks appeared on the forehead of Tu Yigai’s rock armor. He successfully blocked Zhao Hailong’s attack.

Almost at the same time, a ferocious light appeared in Tu Yigai’s eyes. He punched out, sending a mountain towards Zhao Hailong.

In his anxiety, Zhao Hailong only had time to block with his silver spear before he was sent flying by the mountain. While the Seven Satellites armor shattered, blood spurted out of his mouth and bones cracked.

Zhao Hailong fainted on the spot.

Crack!

A silent rupture suddenly sounded from the surface of Tu Yigai’s body. The moment Tu Yigai lowered his head in fear, his head and neck had already split. Moreover, it slashed diagonally from his forehead to his neck.

Terrifying spatial fluctuations began to flash around Tu Yigai’s head.

Tu Yigai’s head instantly shattered.

An Xiaoxue, who had used her Dimensional Slash with all her might just now, was fine. However, Jagren, who had used the Space Break, instantly turned pale because his mind power was about to be exhausted.

The two spatial abilities, Dimensional Slash and Space Break, took the opportunity to successfully kill Tu Yigai’s body under the assassination.

Tu Yigai’s mental body flew out. He looked at his shattered and completely dead body and suddenly let out an extremely angry roar. However, the moment he roared, the lightning had already struck his mental body like rain.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun attacked again. The lightning began to rapidly weaken Tu Yigai’s mental body.

Even though Earth Yigai’s body was shattered, he still had powerful combat strength. Countless earthen yellow lights gathered and mobilized. Tu Yigai’s mental body wanted to counterattack and take revenge.

However, the moment he used his ability, the surrounding space suddenly locked him up.

Dimensional Rupture: Spatial Cage.

Tu Yigai roared angrily. He wanted to bombard the spatial prison. As he bombarded, he looked at the warning message on his communication device. However, a line of words almost drove him crazy. “Your emergency message has failed. Please send it again!”

Tu Yigai almost fainted from anger when he realized this. How could this be? That was impossible!

Of course, Ah Huang would not tell him at this moment.

However, just as Tui Yigai was about to go crazy with anger, An Xiaoxue’s spatial cage instantly disappeared. The lightning of Ullr and Wen Xinglun, who had already been informed, poured crazily onto Tui Yigai’s mental body, greatly weakening it again.

This was Ullr’s most important function.

“You… Whose men are you? I’m Second Master’s man. You can’t…” When they were afraid, they would usually die faster.

Therefore, a second later, Tu Yigai’s mental body that An Xiaoxue had used the spatial cage to lock it with was completely annihilated by the lightning..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1