Chapter 1762: Should He Kill Ullr? (3)

Chapter 1762: Should He Kill Ullr? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“We will make a decision on this matter later,” An Xiaoxue said.

For a moment, everyone frowned. Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Wen Xinglun, and the others were deep in thought. Clearly, they had their own thoughts.

However, what no one expected was that three minutes later, An Xiaoxue’s expression suddenly became serious. She shouted, “Everyone, this matter concerns the safety of Commander Xu Tui, who is searching for a way home. I have already made a decision based on big data.

“Now, I will express my action plan. Please fill in the gaps.” An Xiaoxue had said ‘fill in the gaps’, not ‘voting’. This made Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo raise their eyebrows at the same time.

These details meant that An Xiaoxue had already made a decision. The meeting at this moment was only to announce the decision, not ask for their opinion. This made Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo a little displeased, especially Ullr.

“As everyone knows, Commander Xu Tui went out this time to let us return home successfully. It was also to return to the most crucial intergalactic quantum array core. Therefore, for the safety of Commander Xu Tui,

“I’ve decided to disguise myself as a space pirate and find an opportunity to launch a surprise attack on the residence of the chief of Asteroid 677. My target is the four special interrogation teams from the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary led by Tu Tigai, as well as the chief of Asteroid 677, Qiu Nian, including all the members in his residence who had been hypnotized or had spiritual Shackles by Commander Xu Tui.”

“Huh?” This plan first shocked Ruan Tianzuo. “Deputy Commander An, wouldn’t our hiding place be exposed immediately?”

“That’s right. After the attack is completed, we will evacuate Asteroid 677 immediately,” An Xiaoxue replied calmly.

“However, the problem is that such a group of space pirates is extremely rare. If we launch an attack like this, we might attract the attention of the Northern and Western Star Fields again. That way, our situation will become very dangerous.”

Ullr, who was speaking, suddenly raised his voice. “Deputy Commander An, in that case, our expeditionary army will fall into a desperate situation. We won’t even have a chance to go home!”

“You don’t have to worry about that. When the regiment commander left, he left behind a way to block the information of Asteroid 677 and quickly spread it. We have plenty of safe time,” An Xiaoxue said.

“No matter what kind of sealing method it is, it can’t be delayed for long,” Ullr said anxiously.

“As long as there’s a safety time limit, I think it’s fine,” Qu Qingshan supported.

Ullr looked at Qu Qingshan angrily. “My objection now does not contain any personal emotions. It is only for the safety of the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force.”

“Mr. Ullr, you have to understand that the safety of Commander Xu Tui is the most important thing in the Worldly Expeditionary Force, ” Zhao Hailong said.

“I think that if Xu Tui was here, he would definitely not act like this,” Ullr retorted.

“If the regiment commander was here, such a crisis would not be considered a crisis,” Cui Xi said.

A few heavyweight members spoke up to support An Xiaoxue, making Ullr so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. To be honest, in his opinion, An Xiaoxue’s plan was too risky and dangerous.

If they were not careful, they would immediately bring the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force into a desperate situation. He was sincerely considering the safety of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. Of course, this included his safety.

“Nine Satellites Planetary realm!” Ullr immediately thought of another key point. “The regiment commander is not around. Among the targets, there is also the Nine Satellites Planetary realm and an earth-element supernatural being with powerful defense. How can we kill him? Who would kill them? To be honest, I don’t have that ability!” Ullr gave An Xiaoxue a difficult question.

“If we gather our advantage and plan carefully, we can still kill this Nine

Satellites Planetary realm expert. After all, he was only a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. The weakest in our current Worldly Expeditionary Force is already at the peak of the Four Satellites,” An Xiaoxue said.

An Xiaoxue’s words made Ullr’s expression turn much more sinister. Suddenly, he looked at Ruan Tianzuo. “Old Ruan, among the current members, only you and I have the highest cultivation level. However, can you face Tu Yigai head-on?”

Ruan Tianzuo shook his head. “No! I might be severely injured after one to two attacks.”

“Neither can I.” Ullr added and looked at An Xiaoxue again. “Deputy Commander An, I object to the action plan you made. I think that we should discuss how to deal with this crisis again.”

“Objection overruled!” An Xiaoxue’s determined and cold voice sounded. “I’ve called this meeting as the acting regiment commander to announce the decision of the operation to you. Next, I’ll arrange a battle plan in detail. You have no right to object. You can only obey!”

Ullr suddenly glared. Almost at the same time, Wen Xinglun said, “I will firmly obey Deputy Commander An’s orders.”

“Me too!” Wen Shao said.

“Me too!” Qu Qingshan, Cui Xi, and Zhao Hailong also spoke at the same time.

After obtaining the support of these old members, An Xiaoxue glared at Ruan Tianzuo with a cold gaze. That gaze made Ruan Tianzuo’s heart ache. “Me…

too!”

Under Ullr’s furious gaze, Ruan Tianzuo said those words with a bitter expression. Ruan Tianzuo knew very well that the internal affairs of the Worldly Expeditionary Force were currently unified..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1