Chapter 1767: An Xiaoxue’S Battle Merits (2)

Chapter 1767: An Xiaoxue’s Battle Merits (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Understood!” Yan Lie agreed excitedly.

An Xiaoxue began to reflect on whether there were any problems with her tactics again. She deduced it three more times, but there were no problems.

The only variable at the moment was Mi Xin. As long as Yan Lie killed the Spiritual Secret Technique user, there would not be many variables.

Why did An Xiaoxue think that this Mi Xin was the biggest variable and wanted Yan Lie to deal with him immediately?

The reason was very simple, Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue had personally experienced how terrifying the abilities of Xu Tui’s School of Radiation Influence were. A small change might be able to affect the outcome or turn the tables. Before Xu Tui broke through to the Planetary realm, he could affect the battle between Planetary realm experts by using the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence.

Therefore, An Xiaoxue was very careful. This was the first battle of her commanding the Worldly Expeditionary Force on behalf of Xu Tui. She had to be extremely cautious.

“Xiaoxue, the planet patrol has left the safety tower at a normal speed. They are expected to fly into the outer space of Asteroid 677 in five minutes. If there are no accidents, they will return to the safety tower in 35 minutes. I will return at a low speed. I will be able to reach the designated combat position in four minutes and 30 seconds,” Wen Xinglun reported to An Xiaoxue.

“Alright, you’ve worked hard. Attention, all combat units. The battle countdown will begin in six minutes. All units, prepare for battle. Close combat units, wear armor,” An Xiaoxue ordered.

Yang Huai, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Cui Xi, who had received the order, put on the standard armor of the Seven Satellites that Xu Tui had obtained from the small universe of the Heavenly Court and the oversized Spiritual Race combat uniform.

The four of them had important combat missions. Safety first.

In the sky, a team of streams of light slowly rose into the air. The planetary patrol had left.

An Xiaoxue had deduced the beheading plan countless times. There were a total of two military targets. The first was to kill Asteroid 677’s commander, Qiu Nian, his personal guards, and other relevant personnel to cover Xu Tui’s tracks.

Secondly, the concealment of the Worldly Expeditionary Force could not be exposed.

Once the Spiritual Race discovered that the Worldly Expeditionary Force might be lurking on Asteroid 677, even if the Worldly Expeditionary Force could quickly evacuate Asteroid 677, they would once again face the encirclement of the Spiritual Race army.

This would directly interrupt Xu Tui’s plan to return home.

Therefore, An Xiaoxue deduced the battle plan dozens of times around these two combat targets.

Five minutes later, the planetary patrol disappeared into the sky. An Xiaoxue stood up gently, but she did not give the order to take action. Instead, she activated her mind power and a bull-shaped seal with its tail raised suddenly appeared in front of An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue sank her mind power into it and carefully sensed it. Ten seconds later, An Xiaoxue opened her eyes. She did not feel any sense of crisis. The seal gave An Xiaoxue the feeling that it was very safe.

An Xiaoxue would not have believed it in the past. After all, she believed in science. However, after experiencing it personally, especially now, An Xiaoxue had to sink her mind power into the seal twice a day to sense the auspiciousness.

Of course, perception was one thing. The safety strategy implemented by the Worldly Expeditionary Force when they were lurking would not shrink at all.

“One minute. Act according to plan. Prepare to move in 30 seconds.

Five-second countdown. Move out!”

The supernatural being Planetary realm led by Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Li Zheng, and Ruan Tianzuo rose into the air at the same time. A total of 12 supernatural beings at the Planetary realm bombarded the courtyard where the eight personal guards were gathered by Tu Yigai.

In an instant, light filled the sky.

Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Luo Murong, and Yang Huai led a total of 10 Extreme Branch students and charged into the residence of the planetary commander from three directions. Spear light and saber light were like dragons. As soon as the battle began, a series of reports sounded on An Xiaoxue’s communication device.

“The butler of the Planetary Commander’s Office has been killed.”

“The first female attendant of the Planetary Commander’s Office has been killed.”

“The Planetary Chief’s confidential staff has been killed.”

Tu Yigai, who was sleeping, instantly opened his eyes. He was naked and did not have the time to put on his clothes. His body spread out like a halberd and instantly put on a layer of rock-like armor.

However, when the rock armor of boundless energy gathered, it crushed the two Spiritual Race women who served him last night to death on the spot.

In less than half a second, Tu Yigai, who was wearing a rock armor, appeared beside Qiu Nian. Beside Qiu Nian was an Eight Satellites earth-element supernatural being, Tu Kaixian.

Seeing that Qiu Nian was fine, Tu Yigai nodded and sneered. “Protect Qiu Nian well. I want to see who is playing tricks.”

Tu Yigai disappeared on the spot. While the earth-element energy on the ground was fluctuating, Ti Yigai had already appeared in the courtyard where the personal guards were.

In the courtyard where the personal guards were, five people had already died tragically on the spot. Only the other two with the highest cultivation were still seriously injured. One of them had disappeared.

Tu Yigai appeared and took a step forward. A mountain-like light rose. In an instant, the attacks of the 12 long-range supernatural beings led by Qu Qingshan were all blocked by him.

Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao were extremely shocked.

“A bunch of reckless things actually dared to cause trouble in front of me!” Tu Yigai roared angrily and waved his empty hands..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1