Chapter 1766 - 1766: An Xiaoxue’S Battle Merits (1)

Chapter 1766: An Xiaoxue’s Battle Merits (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 20th of January 2142 of the Blue Star Calendar, at 12 a.m., in Green Light City, where the commander-in-chief of Asteroid 677 was. It might be a coincidence. According to the time of the Blue Star Calendar, Asteroid 677 happened to be at night.

Green Light City was just like its name. At night, it would be filled with colorful lights. It was mainly green and matched with other colors. If it was high in the sky, Green Light City would be like a treasure.

A team of planetary guards slowly flew past from the sky. After glancing at the green light below, they flew into the distant safety tower. The Planetary Guards belonged to the Defense Base of Asteroid 677. They were mainly responsible for the safety of Asteroid 677.

Of course, the main thing was to patrol outer space. Internal safety was actually just a formality. The internal security of the various planets of the Spiritual Race benefited from the real identity information and jade core that the Spiritual Race had developed over the years. Basically, there were no major malicious incidents.

That was because as long as those cultivators committed a serious crime in the Law Division, they would definitely be arrested and punished. Under the surveillance of the planet’s quantum intelligence network, the security of society was very good.

The reason why this team of patrolmen circled around the sky above Green Light City was mainly because of the attack on Asteroid 677 two to three months ago.

During that attack, the defense base of Asteroid 677, the first quantum teleportation tunnel fortress, and the cosmic tunnel defense fortress had all been breached. Thousands of guards had been killed by the invading Blue Star enemies.

Many Transmutation Realm experts stationed in the base or even the Evolution Realm experts who did odd jobs died after being affected by the aftershocks. That time, when Asteroid 677 was attacked, Green Light City was in a depression for a long time.

For a month or two, the nights in Green Light City were lonely. Even though it was safe, no one dared to entertain themselves. Fortunately, the painful memories were short-lived. In about three months, Green Light City had returned to its prosperity. Even though it was a workday tomorrow, Green Light City at midnight was still extremely noisy. The smell of hormones was everywhere.

The Spiritual Race did not object to this at all. If a species did not even emit the aura of hormones at night, they would not be far from being exterminated by nature.

At two in the morning on the 21st, Green Light City gradually became quiet. If tomorrow was a rest day, Green Light City would be noisy the entire night.

An Xiaoxue was lying in a house about 1,000 meters away from the planetary commander’s residence. She tried her best to restrain her mind power. An Xiaoxue’s fingertips flashed on the recently configured communication device of the Spiritual Race. She issued an order to the Worldly Expeditionary Force through Ah Huang.

“Continue to hide on the spot. You are not allowed to use your mind power. Those who don’t know the accent of the Spiritual Race, continue to execute the gag order.”

Some of the people in the Worldly Expeditionary Force learned the language and accent of the Spiritual Race. However, it was still only a small portion.

An Xiaoxue nodded slightly when she received the notifications in the communication group.

“Principal Wen, keep an eye on the safety tower. When the planetary guards in the safety tower fly towards the extra-terrestrial next time, get into position within three minutes. You just have to reach the planned combat position.” An Xiaoxue gave another order.

“Understood.” Although Wen Xinglun was once the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he changed his identity very quickly in the extra-terrestrial. Of course, both Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had always been very respectful to Wen Xinglun.

“Yan Lie, are there any abnormal changes in the Planetary Commander’s residence?” An Xiaoxue contacted Yan Lie alone through the quantum intelligence network of the Spiritual Race and the confidential channel set up by Ah Huang.

“There are no abnormal changes. Miss An, I request that you give me an additional battle order at the last minute,” Yan Lie suddenly said.

“Shoot. ”

“This team from the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary is much more lax than I imagined! They have been asking the steward to arrange for all kinds of women for them to play with every day for the past two days. They basically did not control the personal guards. Only someone was keeping an eye on Qiu Nian at all times. I think that I have a chance to attack when the operation begins. Moreover, my attack might greatly reduce the duration of the battle, ” Yan Lie said.

Yan Lie was currently at the Six Satellites Planetary realm. His combat strength was astonishing, but it was only limited to his outburst. It was not enough to fight him head -on.

“If you don’t mention it, I’ll also have a battle mission arranged for you later. In this small team from the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary, the Seven Satellites who conducted a Spiritual Assessment and interrogation on you, Mi Xin, might be proficient in spiritual illusions or spiritual attack techniques. When the battle begins, I need you to be the first to kill him!” An Xiaoxue said.

“No problem! However, Miss An, I personally feel that I have a chance of success if I ambush and assassinate the Tu Yigai,” Yan Lie suggested.

An Xiaoxue’s expression froze. Then, she said softly, “Yan Lie, you’re being arrogant.”

“I’m an assassin. There’s such a possibility. Moreover, I have a successful battle example of assassinating Eight Satellites and momentum and inertia. My main battle ability is all the Six Satellites,” Yan Lie insisted.

An Xiaoxue pondered for a moment before saying, “How about this? Your first target is the superb individual of the Spiritual Secret Technique, Mi Xin. After killing Mi Xin, you can fight freely. I won’t be able to give effective command during the battle.. But you have to remember that your safety is first if you are going to launch a surprise attack on the Nine Satellites Planetary realm!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1