Chapter 1764: An Xiaoxue’S Choice And Means (1)

Chapter 1764: An Xiaoxue’s Choice and Means (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Deputy Commander An, should we kill Ullr?” Zhao Hailong’s voice was calm and without any heroism. It was as if the matter of piercing through the spatial cage and nailing Ullr between the brows of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was extremely insignificant.

However, the more this was the case, the more terrified Ullr became. The stability of Zhao Hailong’s emotions could only mean that his shot was more stable than his emotions. It was not surprising that he understood it very well.

While Ullr was terrified, he was also very shocked. Why did Xu Tui have such a freak under him? Ullr did not take Zhao Hailong’s attack towards Feng Ye too seriously. He only thought that the timing was coincidental.

It was mainly because during Ullr’s battle, he had placed all his mind power on this unknown expert and did not notice anyone else. Although Zhao Hailong’s performance was stunning, he had just broken through to the fifth level of the Planetary realm and was from the Extreme Branch. Ullr did not care at all. He did not expect the Extreme Branch’s spear to pierce out with the charm of space.

It was so…!

Ullr only thought of three words—divine demon abnormality!

This was another person in the Worldly Demon Slayers who had activated his divine demon abnormality. In fact, it was not just Ullr. Even An Xiaoxue was extremely surprised.

Originally, An Xiaoxue’s plan was to threaten and suppress Ullr at the cost of internal injuries. She did not expect Zhao Hailong’s casual shot to do that. Back then, Xu Tui had only told her that Qu Qingshan, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and the others could help her. However, she did not expect Zhao Hailong’s spear to be so magical.

A divine demon abnormality!

There was a high chance that Zhao Hailong had activated some kind of divine demon abnormality.

At the side, Ruan Tianzuo suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. Ullr, who had been pierced through the head but did not die, probably did not feel good at this moment, right?

Ruan Tianzuo suddenly felt that he could not keep up with the Worldly Expeditionary Force. He was at the peak of the Seven Satellites. With a little more accumulation, he had the possibility of breaking through to the Eight

Satellites. If he returned to the Blue Star, he would definitely be a top figure. However, it did not seem to count for much in the Worldly Expeditionary Force

now.

Previously, with Xu Tui, the regiment commander, around, he suppressed a ferocious person like Ullr until he did not dare to breathe loudly. Now, Ullr was just about to explode when An Xiaoxue and Zhao Hailong’s combined strength actually put Ullr’s life on the line.

It was simply..

An Xiaoxue’s gaze landed on the silver spear that Zhao Hailong had nailed to Ullr’s forehead. She was deliberating. Should she kill him or not?

Before this, Xu Tui really wanted to kill Ullr. He had not done so for two reasons. The first was that he did not have the 100% ability to kill Ullr. Ullr was a lightning-type supernatural being. His speed was too fast. If he could not kill him and escaped, there would be endless trouble.

From the looks of the current situation, the first reason was no longer considered a reason. With An Xiaoxue’s new ability and Zhao Hailong’s spatial silver spear, killing Ullr was already possible.

However, the second reason was unknown to ordinary people, and it was the reason that An Xiaoxue did not dare to give the order to kill Ullr immediately.

The Seal of Life and Death, or rather, the Immortal Seal.

Back then, Xu Tui had killed the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, for the first time. However, Raymont had strangely revived. Later on, Xu Tui had captured Raymont and learned about the Immortal Seal from him.

Moreover, he had obtained Raymont’s clone body from Ullr and confirmed the authenticitv of the Immortal Seal after experimenting with Mr. Shang Lonz.

This Immortal Seal was really effective. Moreover, from the current test, it could be used to revive at least three times.

However, he might be able to use it to revive four times. Back then, because of the time and resources, he had only used Raymont to experiment twice. The problem was, did Ullr have such a precious Immortal Seal?

This was a question that Xu Tui had been thinking about all this time. If Ullr did not have the Immortal Seal, he would have taken the opportunity to kill him and completely eliminate the scourge.

But what if Ullr also had an Immortal Seal? That was very likely. For example, Ullr had three of the lightning seals. It was also possible that Ullr had two of the Immortal Seal. In that case, there would still be endless disaster if he rashly killed Ullr.

According to Xu Tui’s initial thought, he might be able to find out if Ullr had the Immortal Seal after he refined it 100%. When the time came, he would decide if he should kill Ullr. At this moment, an accident had placed this difficult choice in An Xiaoxue’s hands.

It was a little difficult for An Xiaoxue. Should she kill Ullr or not? Killing might remove a huge disaster for the Blue Star, but it might also cause endless disasters, if he had the Immortal Seal. If she did not kill him…

To be honest, An Xiaoxue had basically made a decision after some consideration. Although An Xiaoxue was a woman, she was also an exceptional person. In terms of decisiveness, An Xiaoxue was even more exceptional than

Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was not around. It was best not to kill Ullr for the time being.

Firstly, she was worried that after killing Ullr, he would have the Immortal Seal and cause endless trouble. Secondly, Ullr was currently the strongest person in the Worldly Expeditionary Force other than Xu Tui. His role and position were rather difficult to replace.

Although Xu Tui had been trying his best to nurture a lightning-type supernatural being like Wen Xinglun and had even given him the official seal, Wen Xinglun had only grown for a short period of time. His current cultivation level was only at the Six Satellites Planetary realm. He could not replace Ullr for the time being..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1