Chapter 1763: Should He Kill Ullr? (4)

Chapter 1763: Should He Kill Ullr? (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If he objected this time, he would definitely not have a good time when he returned home in the future. If he could not return home… If he could not go home, he would have no future.

Therefore, this was Ruan Tianzuo’s only choice.

At this point, there was no doubt about the battle plan that Ullr had objected to. An Xiaoxue quietly looked at everyone and felt very gratified.

Xu Tui had spent a lot of effort to build the Worldly Expeditionary Force for so long. They were still very united.

Finally, An Xiaoxue’s gaze landed on Ullr. “My battle plan has been approved. Now, I will arrange for detailed combat missions and various emergency response plans. If you have any different opinions, you can express them on the spot. However, after the detailed battle plan is approved, anyone who fails to implement it will be punished according to military law!”

As soon as An Xiaoxue finished speaking, Ullr suddenly said, “I request to retain my objections. ”

“Sure! But you have to implement the current plan,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I will participate in this battle plan, but I want to make it clear that if you want me to be the main force against the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, I refuse!”

As soon as Ullr said that, not only did everyone’s aura land on Ullr, but An Xiaoxue’s mind power instantly locked onto him. Her gaze instantly turned cold. “Ullr, you want to resist the order?”

“I’m just expressing my opinion! After all, I don’t agree to implement this battle plan!” Ullr straightened his neck and said.

Ullr said this firstly to avoid danger. After all, it was also very dangerous for him to attack the Nine Satellites Planetary realm head-on. Secondly, he wanted to use this opportunity to force An Xiaoxue to change her mind.

Other than that, Ullr also had other thoughts. He wanted to take the opportunity to establish his prestige. Xu Tui’s prestige was like a mountain. He could not touch him, but An Xiaoxue’s was different.

However, Ullr did not know An Xiaoxue well. Or rather, he had underestimated An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue instantly stared at Ullr and said, “Ullr, let me confirm again. You want to resist the order? Those who resist the orders will be executed in the Worldly Expeditionary Force! ”

Ullr definitely did not dare to agree to the title of resistance order. “I didn’t resist the order. I was just expressing a different opinion…”

Before Ullr could finish his sentence, An Xiaoxue suddenly said coldly, “Ullr, are you bullying me because I can’t kill you?”

Almost instantly, An Xiaoxue’s mind power fluctuated crazily. At the same time, a strange spatial fluctuation rose. The moment An Xiaoxue attacked, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Wen Xinglun, Cui Xi, and Zhao Hailong attacked at the same time.

Ullr was already on high alert. A conspirator like him was on high alert at all times. However, An Xiaoxue’s methods at this moment were extremely strange. The moment he turned into a bolt of lightning and wanted to flash, he seemed to be restrained and trapped in an inexplicable space.

The space around him seemed to be separated from the world in front of him, allowing him to escape the world in front of him and seal his lightning in this small space. While he was shocked, Ullr was not as worried.

This was because at the same time, Ullr realized that he might have been restricted by An Xiaoxue’s strange ability in this space. However, the attacks of the others were also restricted and could not attack.

Therefore, An Xiaoxue could only restrict him but could not hurt him.

Dimensional Space Slash.

This was a new ability that An Xiaoxue had obtained after breaking through to the Seven Satellites. She could use the Dimensional Slash to cut out space and restrict the target in the form of a spatial cage.

At this moment, what trapped Ullr was this move—Dimensional Space Cage.

However, just as Ullr had discovered, An Xiaoxue could trap him, but she could not kill him. This spatial cage trapped Ullr, but at the same time, it protected him from others. Of course, An Xiaoxue still had other methods, but the price of using them was a little high.

Just as Ullr had just recovered from his shock and An Xiaoxue was about to use other methods, Zhao Hailong suddenly stabbed out with his spear.

Qu Qingshan, Wen Xinglun, Cui Xi, and Wen Shao stood firmly on An Xiaoxue’s side. After An Xiaoxue attacked, they were prepared to attack with all their might and assist An Xiaoxue in dealing with Ullr.

Even if An Xiaoxue wanted to kill Ullr, they would attack with all their might. However, the problem was that as soon as An Xiaoxue’s spatial cage appeared, although Ullr was standing in front of them, he lost his position in their mental perception.

Their abilities could not attack Ullr. All of them looked stunned. However, Zhao Hailong suddenly stabbed out with his spear after a short moment of shock. With a silver flash, Zhao Hailong’s silver spear suddenly rippled with layers of spatial ripples. It passed through the spatial cage cut out by An Xiaoxue’s dimensional space and appeared in the middle of Ullr’s forehead.

After the silver spear pierced half an inch into Ullr’s forehead, it suddenly stopped.

Zhao Hailong stood with his spear. Ullr’s face was pale as blood covered his face.

An Xiaoxue had a strange expression. Xu Tui had said last time that Zhao Hailong’s spatial silver spear was very extraordinary. Now, it was actually so powerful. Now, he could actually pass through her spatial cage and injure someone.

“Deputy Commander An, should we kill Ullr?” Zhao Hailong suddenly asked. For the first time, fear appeared in Ullr’s eyes..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1