Chapter 1768: An Xiaoxue L S Battle Merits (3)

Chapter 1768: An Xiaoxue l s Battle Merits (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment he swung it out, two thick and long earth-yellow spear-like lights blasted towards Qu Qingshan, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others.

Qu Qingshan and the others were already prepared. The attacks of the 12 people blasted towards one of them with all their might.

What stunned An Xiaoxue, who was watching the battle from afar, was that the concentrated fire of the 12 long-range supernatural beings from the Five to Seven Satellites did not obliterate the attack.

This earth-element Nine Satellites supernatural being was much stronger than she had imagined. Another bolt of lightning shot out like a snake. The lightning struck three times before it obliterated Tu Yigai’s attack.

It was Ullr.

In front of Qu Qingshan and the others, Ruan Tianzuo, who was at the peak of the Seven Satellites and had the strongest cultivation, stood at the front. He gathered everyone’s strength to withstand this attack. However, Ruan Tianzuo vomited blood on the spot and was severely injured.

On the other side, Mi Xin, who had sensed the commotion, was crawling out of his resting room with another Seven Satellites interrogator. He rushed over in a flurry. However, just as he arrived at the periphery of the battle, a saber light suddenly flashed. A large head instantly charged into the sky.

The moment the head soared into the sky, the saber light flashed again. Mi Xin’s head was split into four, and his new mental body crawled out.

Wen Xinglun, who had been waiting at the side, instantly overflowed with lightning. Under the lightning, Mi Xin, the Spiritual Secret Technique user, was destroyed on the spot.

Yan Lie still wanted to assassinate the Seven Satellites Interrogation Expert, but he was seen through. He slashed out with his sword. Yan Lie spat out blood and hid, but Wen Xinglun pounced at him from the sky and blasted him with lightning.

In the next moment, Yan Lie attacked again. Even though the Seven Satellites Interrogation Expert was on guard, he was still blasted to the ground.

The moment he hit the ground, countless vines swept up and suddenly restrained him. Mu Xingluan attacked. A saber light flashed, and a head flew up. When the light rose again, another person’s soul was destroyed.

However, this person shouted for help before he was killed, attracting the attention of Tu Yigai.

Tu Yigai looked in this direction. He was also furious when he saw that Mi Xin and the interrogator had been killed.

Suddenly, Tu Yigai realized that he had been wrong from the beginning. He should have been guarding Qiu Nian. He should ask for help and defend.

Asteroid 677 was a portal planet with an important cosmic tunnel. Especially after the previous incident, its defense had greatly increased. There were four known Eight Satellites Planetary realm experts and eight in the Seven Satellites. As long as they triggered the alarm, reinforcements would be able to rush over in three to five minutes at most.

A yellow light flashed around Tu Yigai’s body. He took large steps forward like a mountain and rushed towards the courtyard where Qiu Nian was.

Tu Yigai opened his communication device and used the simplest method to call the police. “I am the Sanctuary Elder, Tu Yigai. The planetary commander Qiu Nian has been assassinated. All bases, quickly organize reinforcements!” He roared as he ran, sending a message through a specific frequency.

Tu Yigai only saw a line of words. The alarm was being sent, so he did not have the time to read it carefully.

Cui Xi, Yang Huai, and Luo Murong had already formed a triangle and were rushing towards him. Cui Xi and the other two who were rushing over were like three small tanks as they charged towards a mountain.

The four lights collided. Even though Cui Xi and the other two were defending with all their might and had activated the armor on their bodies to the limit, it was still three against one.

But the three of them were still sent flying. The moment they flew up, they were already injured and vomited blood. Although they were not immediately severely injured and lost their combat strength, they were almost done.

However, the three of them still successfully stopped Tu Yi. Almost at the same time, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, and Wen Xinglun attacked Tu Yigai at the same time.

“Just based on you!” Tu Yigai sneered. He landed on one foot and pushed with his hands like a circle. A khaki-colored circle of light appeared. In an instant, even the strongest Ullr’s attack only caused layers of ripples on the Defense Light Barrier.

“That strong?” Wen Xinglun was shocked.

Ullr’s eyes widened. While his eyes were wide open, he had already activated the seal of the Lightning Division to the extreme. The lightning was once again enhanced. Lightning as thick as a bucket poured onto the defensive light barrier.

However, its effect was only to cause the earth-element defense light barrier to fluctuate violently. It could not be broken.

Tu Yigai punched out as if he had blasted out a small mountain.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun escaped at the same time. Ruan Tianzuo dodged slowly. The firebird phantom had just flashed when it was hit. It immediately let out a scream and spat out blood. Its aura rapidly decreased.

However, at the same time, An Xiaoxue, who had not attacked, suddenly attacked.

Dimensional Rupture!

A huge hole suddenly appeared in the earth-element defense light barrier that Ullr and Wen Xinglun could not break even with their combined strength.

Tu Yigai was shocked.

Zhao Hailong, who had been wandering at the edge, suddenly jumped up like a

dragon. He crossed a distance of nearly a hundred meters and stabbed Tu Yigai’s forehead like a dragon.

Tu Yigai did not care about Zhao Hailong’s attack. It could not hurt him. However, this spear gave him an extremely uncomfortable feeling. In a battle, intuition was very important. With a light kick from Tu Yigai, nearly a hundred earth-element spiritual spears stabbed out diagonally in front of him.

It blasted towards Zhao Hailong like a spear formation. If Zhao Hailong continued to attack, he would be blasted into a sieve by the earth-element spiritual spears. Naturally, he would not be able to hurt Tu Yigai..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1