Chapter 1761 Should We Kill Ullr? (2)

Chapter 1761 Should We Kill Ullr? (2)

"It's unlikely that it's Sixth Master." Tu Chengshan shook his head. "Based on the current situation, neither Yanzi nor Bing Zhen have the ability to use Spiritual Secret

Techniques. It's possible that they have someone backing them. Why don't we find an opportunity to interrogate Bing Zhen?"

"No!" Second Master rejected him firmly. "We must not provoke Yan Wuyu now. Completing the test of the multi-person teleportation quantum array core as soon as possible is the main mission."

"Second Master, if there's really an expert behind Bing Zhen and Yanzi, who else could it be other than the masters?" Tu Chengshan suddenly thought of a possibility.

"Speak!"

"Second Master, do you think it's related to the disappearance of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force?" Tu Chengshan suddenly said.

"Why did you suddenly make such a connection?"

"Yanzi! Yanzi's escape from the Blue Star Expeditionary Force is too suspicious. Moreover, the Blue Star

Expeditionary Force did pass by Asteroid 677," Tu Chengshan said.

"However, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force is unlikely to have a Nine Satellites' Spiritual Secret Technique user, right?"

"It's also possible for the Eight Satellites or even the Seven Satellites."

Hearing this, Tu Hou thought for a long time and nodded again. It was not surprising for Tu Chengshan. Second Master had always acted steadily.

"That's possible. If that's the case, we might be able to use this opportunity to find the whereabouts of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force."

Tu Chengshan was overjoyed. "Second Master, in that case, you'll have made another great contribution. If you manage to find the whereabouts of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force before the deadline set by the Holy Ancestor, you might be bestowed the position of Great Elder by the Holy Ancestor on the spot."

Tu Hou smiled and waved his hand, but he was not too happy. "Let's do it first. Don't be too anxious, but we have to be cautious. Be it on Asteroid 677, Yan Wuyu, or Bing Zhen, we have to keep a close eye on them."

"Then what about Tu Yigai's request for help?"

"The Nine Satellites Master in the Inner Hall, Huan Yu, is a friend of mine. I'll personally contact him and invite him over. It might take some time. Just let Tu Yigai wait quietly," Tu Hou said.

Asteroid 677, Blue Star Expeditionary Force's Fish Mountain infiltration base.

After receiving Yan Lie's second warning message, An Xiaoxue did not immediately convene a meeting with the captains. This was because An Xiaoxue knew that the information this time concerned Xu Tui's safety. She had to make her own judgment before she could call a meeting.

After receiving the information, An Xiaoxue thought quietly for more than half an hour until Ah Huang's voice sounded. "Xiaoxue, the secret message that Xu Tui left on the Spiritual Race's quantum network was a day ago. He said that everything was going smoothly and safely, but it's not convenient for the time being. He will find an opportunity to contact you.

"In addition, I left an inquiry message for Xu Tui in a special location on the quantum network. When he saw it, he should reply. However, I could not be sure of the time. It might be a day, or three to five days," Ah Huang said.

"What about the analysis of the relevant events?"

"Based on the current data analysis based on all the intelligence, the possibility of endangering Xu Tui's safety is less than 50%. Under special circumstances, it can reach 60%. For example, if the Spiritual Race that Xu Tui came into contact with is already suspicious of him," Ah Huang reported.

"What about future deduction?"

"Based on the big data, if no one in the Spiritual Race can break the Spiritual Shackles that Xu Tui left behind, the possibility of this matter endangering Xu Tui's safety will fluctuate between 30% to 80%. After all, there were many things that only needed suspicion and no evidence. If the Spiritual Shackles that Xu Tui left behind can be broken by an expert from the Spiritual Race, the possibility of this matter endangering Xu Tui's safety is as high as 100%," Ah Huang said.

"What are the chances that the Spiritual Race can break the Spiritual Shackles that Xu Tui left behind?" An Xiaoxue asked.

"Currently, there is no data on the Planetary realm powerhouses of the School of Radiation Influence in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary. We are unable to make very reliable data speculation.

"However, after countless years of accumulation by the Spiritual Race, even if there were not many experts in this area, there would definitely be many of them. Currently, the probability of the Spiritual Race breaking the Spiritual Shackles that Xu Tui had left behind was more than 90%. The only variable was the length of time.

"According to Yan Lie, the two interrogation experts who had come this time were both from the Seven Satellites. In that case, the next one might be from the Eight Satellites or the Nine Satellites. If the Eight Satellites or Nine Satellites could not do it, the Spiritual Race would definitely send the strongest relevant experts or even many people to cooperate. At that time, Xu Tui's Spiritual Shackles will definitely be broken," Ah Huang analyzed.

"It will definitely be broken! It would definitely endanger Xu Tui's safety. I understand!" An Xiaoxue's gaze gradually became determined. After thinking carefully for a few minutes, she had an answer. Or rather, she had made a decision. "Deputy commanders and captains, come to the temporary meeting room for a meeting." An Xiaoxue sent another notice.

In less than three minutes, other than Yan Lie, who was on a mission outside, everyone who was qualified to participate in the decision-making meeting arrived at the temporary meeting room.

They were Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Wen Xinglun, Cui Xi, and Zhao Hailong.

An Xiaoxue briefly told everyone about the warning message that Yan Lie had sent her a second time. While everyone was shocked, An Xiaoxue also expressed that this crisis might endanger the safety of Xu Tui, who was outside.

"Everyone, that's the situation. We were ordered by the regiment commander to hide here. Please think about how to deal with the situation next."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1