Chapter 1775: Primordial Sacred Edict And The Battle Of The Great Dao (3)

Chapter 1775: Primordial Sacred Edict and The Battle of The Great Dao (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Then, he began to refine the Spirit Sealing Array and the Earth Array roughly according to the method taught by Yan Wuyu.

Why was it called refining it roughly?

This was because the requirements for materials were extremely high, especially for the Spirit Sealing Array. Even Yan Wuyu could not afford it.

Fortunately, Xu Tui did not learn this to refine the Spirit Sealing Array and the Earth Array that he could use to save his life. Instead, he wanted to learn these two array abilities. Then, through the abilities of his powerful School of General Senses, he could replicate these two arrays and increase his combat strength.

It was just like the Frost Array Sword from before. Therefore, he only needed to hastily refine the prototype. He did not need to completely refine it.

Xu Tui learned the Earth Array rather quickly. After all, he was proficient in studying earth-element supernatural abilities and earth-element instantiation abilities. Not only did he learn the Earth Array, but he also learned the two forms of the Earth Array from Yan Wuyu. One was the Defense Form, and the other was the Attack Suppression Form.

After applying the Earth Array to the School of General Senses’ abilities, the power of Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula would at least double. If he became familiar with it in the future, its power might even increase by three to five times.

In comparison, Xu Tui learned the Spirit Sealing Array slower. For the past ten days, he had spent most of his time learning about the Spirit Sealing Array.

Other than the fact that the Spirit Sealing Array was extremely complicated, Xu Tui did not have any supernatural abilities or even a foundation.

Therefore, it was more difficult to learn. However, the Spirit Sealing Array tempted Xu Tui. It was really powerful, especially when dealing with the powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

The difficult thing to deal with the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was the physical body and the mental body. It would be different if it could directly target the mental body. Ten minutes later, the seven jade talismans in front of Xu Tui suddenly exploded at the same time just as they were about to gather.

Xu Tui was dejected. This was the 47th time he had failed.

Yan Wuyu was full of praise for him. “Again, you’re only one step away from success! There are movements of the seven Spiritual Jade Talismans, but the jade talismans at the back change faster. They attack later but arrive first. Then, they reach the same frequency and explode. Only then can their power increase explosively.”

Xu Tui thought for a moment and began to condense again. Two hours later, a powerful mental fluctuation suddenly exploded in front of him. The powerful fluctuation shocked Tu Qianshan and the others, who were monitoring outside.

Under such circumstances, Tu Qianshan’s mind power barges in without hesitation. “Get out. I’m researching.” Yan Wuyu shouted and cursed at the mind power of Tu Qianshan and the others. He looked at Xu Tui and laughed. “It’s already done. Next, you have to continuously train and increase your proficiency. Then, you can use it instantly during battle,” Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui nodded gently. He suddenly looked at Yan Wuyu. “Elder Yan, do you know any other arrays?”

“Other arrays?” Yan Wuyu looked at Xu Tui and stroked his beard. He chuckled.

“What else do you want to learn?”

“I just want to understand,” Xu Tui said.

“In theory, I know this array method. However, the difficulty of refining it is different from the difficulty of obtaining materials. It’s also practical. What I use the most is the Frost Array Earth Array and the Spirit Sealing Array. I had only refined the green wood array once. Their effects were relatively useless.

“Originally, what I wanted to refine the most was the lightning array. The lightning array was very powerful. If I successfully refined it and used the right materials, a set of lightning arrays might even have the possibility of killing a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

“However, the materials for the lightning array were too difficult to obtain. Up until now, I had not even collected a set of materials or successfully refined them. Why? Do you want to learn?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“A little. ”

“I can’t teach you that! However, I have a set of Energy Stats Array Refinement Handbook. I can give it to you when I’m done. If you want to learn it, you can study it yourself, ” Yan Wuyu said.

“I’ll study it myself?” Xu Tui frowned.

Of course, it was not that Xu Tui was unwilling to study it. It was just that studying these things was too time-consuming and laborious. If possible, Xu Tui wanted to learn the ready-made ones.

However, Yan Wuyu shook his head. “It’s not that I don’t want to help you scout the way. It’s just that the materials are rare. Without the materials, I can’t try to study them. But you’re different.” At the mention of Xu Tui’s difference, Yan Wuyu’s eyes suddenly lit up. “To be honest, I’m not bragging. You’re the most suitable person I’ve ever seen to study this Energy Stats Array.

“That was because other people had to invest a large amount of materials in their research. With the preciousness of these materials, even the Sanctuary Inner Hall would not be able to support me in a large number of experiments.

“After all, rather than fail and consume it, they might as well use it to refine other life-saving jade cores. But you’re different.

You would recover after a night’s sleep. Sigh, if I were dozens of years younger, I would really want to try your so-called School of General Senses,” Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a problem when he heard Yan Wuyu’s words. “By the way, Elder Yan, does no one in the Spiritual Race cultivate the abilities of the School of General Senses?”

“No one!” Yan Wuyu slowly shook his head. However, this made Xu Tui very puzzled.

“The Spiritual Race’s District is so vast. There are billions of cultivators. Why is Elder Yan so sure that no one is cultivating the School of General Senses?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“Because there are no techniques from the School of General Senses.”

“How can there be none? Our Blue Star can create such a technique ourselves. Someone in your Spiritual Race should be able to create it, right?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“It’s not that we can’t create a cultivation technique of the School of Perception Instantiation, but because of the Holy Decree!”

“Holy decree?” Xu Tui’s expression became extremely stunned. This was an answer that Xu Tui had not expected. There was only one person in the Spiritual Race who could issue a holy decree, and that person was the Holy Ancestor. In other words, the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had interfered in such an insignificant matter. This instantly made Xu Tui feel that something was amiss. “Elder Yan, what kind of holy decree?”

“Are you interested in this?”

“I think it’s very strange. Why would the Holy Decree interfere in this matter?”

“This is a primitive holy decree from 3,000 years ago. In the holy decrees of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary, it is listed as Article 47. In our Spiritual Race, all primitive Holy Decrees are ironclad rules. Anyone who cultivates, researches, or spreads the techniques of the ancient qi-trainers will be killed!” Yan Wuyu said slowly.

Xu Tui was stunned. Three thousand years ago, when the Spiritual Race had just appeared, something happened to the ancient Heavenly Court. The so-called ancient cultivation technique was actually the cultivation method of the School of Perception Instantiation.

On the Blue Star, the cultivation technique of the School of Perception Instantiation was a more modern term. However, in the Spiritual Race, it was called the ancient cultivation technique.

“Elder Yan, why did they issue such a holy decree?” Xu Tui asked.

Hearing this, Yan Wuyu shook his head. “The cultivators of the Spiritual Race and even various experts have carefully studied every primitive holy decree, but there are many who can’t understand the reason. There were all kinds of guesses about the Holy Ancestor giving such a holy decree. However, the answer with the highest recognition is that many people think that this involves the battle for the Great Dao!”

Xu Tui was stunned again. He heard the Battle of the Great Dao again. It was the so-called battle for the Great Dao within the Spiritual Race..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1