Chapter 1771: An Xiaoxue’S Prestige And Final Test (2)

Chapter 1771: An Xiaoxue’s Prestige and Final Test (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

For example, Cui Xi, Yang Huai, and the others. The other Extreme Branch students, such as Yan Lie, would appear and disappear mysteriously. It was very comfortable.

Suddenly, Luo Murong blamed himself. He had relaxed! He did not worked hard enough!

In the year or so of the extra-terrestrial battle, Zhao Hailong would practice his spear day after day as long as he had the time. Moreover, he did not practice anything fancy. He would do it back and forth.

Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Yang Huai, and the others also saw this. However, no one followed suit. They all felt that Zhao Hailong would not be able to learn anything from such a simple spear. He should be like them, putting in effort in cultivation and technique.

But now, Zhao Hailong had slapped their faces with reality—they were going in the wrong direction. Of course, they were not heading in the wrong direction. In Xu Tui’s words, Zhao Hailong’s path required comprehension. Not everyone could walk it.

But now, Luo Murong was anxious. He wanted to try a different ability!

This was because Luo Murong knew very well that the speed at which the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force increased their strength was not much different.

Currently, most of the members are the Five Satellites and the Six Satellites.

Based on some deductions, even if most of them broke through to the Eight

Satellites or even the Nine Satellites in the future, so what if they were the Nine Satellites?

At that time, most of the members of the expeditionary army would be the Nine Satellites. Luo Murong, Cui Xi, and Yang Huai would still be moving corpses after the battle. This realization made Luo Murong feel a little despair.

At the same time, he yearned for a new ability.

“I can do what Hailong can do. I can also persevere!” Luo Murong said. After saying that, he could not take it anymore and ran to the side to vomit.

“Murong, you’re still so lousy at this point!” Cui Xi did not forget to mock Luo

Murong. “Take a break. Leave this matter to a real man like me.”

Yan Lie suddenly flashed to Luo Murong’s side. He frowned when he saw Luo Murong vomit. “Are you done vomiting?

“It’s done… It’s just that I was too close to these corpses when I moved them just now.” Luo Murong wanted to explain himself, but before he could finish his sentence, Yan Lie disappeared again. “I’ll get someone to burn the biological information.”

Two seconds later, Dai Lijun came over under Yan Lie’s orders. He waved his flames at Luo Murong’s vomit without saying a word. “Remember to call me if you still want to vomit.” After being incinerated into ashes, Dai Lijun bade farewell and left.

This made Luo Murong, who had extremely strong self-esteem, feel even more ashamed. However, he also yearned for an ability. A different ability! When he left later, he could not leave behind any items with the biological information of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, including his hair.

That would expose the Blue Star Expeditionary Force.

Although the Spiritual Race was not much different from the Blue Star humans in terms of appearance, as long as they used technological methods to test and compare biological information, they would immediately be able to compare them.

On the other side, Ah Huang was reporting to An Xiaoxue.

“The total time taken for this battle was two minutes and 11 seconds. At the 40th second, the Defense Base of Asteroid 677 discovered the abnormal fluctuations of the Planetary Commander’s Office.

“However, they immediately received a distress message from me as a personal guard of Qiu Nian. The Planetary Commander’s Office had been ambushed by three Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

“Because of this distress message, the Planetary Defense Base is still gathering the combat strength of the other bases and asking for help from the other planets. For the time being, no reinforcements have been sent,” Ah Huang said.

An Xiaoxue nodded gently before heaving a sigh of relief. These were all the plans before the battle. Now, they were implemented one by one. The power fluctuations of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could not be concealed. The Planetary Defense Base would immediately sense it. Under normal circumstances, when the Planetary Chief’s residence was attacked, the Planetary Defense Base and even other bases would send reinforcements to save the Planetary Chief’s residence.

According to the information, although the defense of Asteroid 677 had strengthened since it was breached last time, in terms of conventional strength, there were only four Eight Satellites Planetary realms in the other four bases.

To be honest, as long as they did not all charge over, the Worldly Expeditionary Force could still deal with these forces.

However, once a large number of reinforcements arrived, the traces of the

Worldly Expeditionary Force that was attacking the residence of the Planetary Chief would be exposed. No matter how careful they were, they would leave behind traces.

Even if they killed all the reinforcements, as the scale of the battle expanded, the traces would not be erased. The risk of the Worldly Expeditionary Force being exposed would greatly increase.

In response to this, An Xiaoxue had designed a plan to take the initiative to call the police and scare the reinforcements.

The lineup of three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts was enough to make the garrison of the Planetary Defense Base not dare to rashly come to the Planetary Chief’s Residence to reinforce them. It would allow the Worldly Expeditionary Force to retreat calmly after cleaning up the traces.

Moreover, they could confuse the Spiritual Race after the incident. Three Nine

Satellites Planetary realm experts was a powerful interference factor. After all, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force did not nave the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

“Continue to monitor the movements of the planet’s Defense Base and the other Defense Bases. Inform me if anything happens. The rest of you, hurry up and clean up the battlefield.”

Two minutes later, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and Wen Xinglun personally scanned the battlefield with their mind power. After confirming that there were no problems, they led everyone and flew away silently at a low altitude..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1