Chapter 1774: The Primordial Sacred Edict And The Battle Of The Great Dao (2)

Chapter 1774: The Primordial Sacred Edict and The Battle of The Great Dao (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Over the past few days, Yan Wuyu and Yanzi had made slight adjustments to this multi-person quantum teleportation channel. Xu Tui had even participated in it. He had examined it carefully. In theory, he could confirm that there were no problems.

However, theories were theories. There would be a problem as long as the theory did not completely become a reality. The reason why Yan Wuyu agreed to Xu Tui’s participation was very simple. It was a strong request.

Xu Tui could not refine so many quantum array cores alone. However, after he participated, he could distinguish between real and fake.

If Xu Tui could not tell that Yan Wuyu had given him a flawed multi-person teleportation quantum array core in the future, he would have gone overboard. It was also because of this that Yan Wuyu was a little nervous during the first pressure test. If it failed, the engineering volume would be huge. It was very likely that the previous research direction or even theory was wrong. It would be difficult to succeed again.

Five seconds later, Yan Wuyu’s held breath relaxed. The first quantum teleportation channel did not collapse. It did not collapse, which meant that there was a high chance of success. As long as the three targets who had been teleported over were alive and there were no abnormalities, they would have succeeded.

Ten seconds later, he received a message from the other planet via teleportation. The test targets were all alive and there were no abnormalities. After the successful teleportation, the Three Satellites wanted to escape, but he was severely injured by the Nine Satellites Planetary realm guard.

“Continue the test,” Yan Wuyu ordered calmly.

Next, these three test targets began to be continuously thrown into the testing quantum teleportation channel. In a day, the three of them were thrown at least twice in every tunnel.

This was another major technical improvement in Yan Wuyu’s test. After the people were teleported from the multi-person quantum channel, the recovery time of the quantum fluctuation was 24 hours.

However, after this technological innovation by Yan Wuyu, the restoration time of the quantum fluctuations was reduced to 12 hours. Originally, they could only pass once a day. Now, they could pass twice a day.

The meaning of improvement was also extremely important. However, there was a price to such improvements. In the past, these quantum teleportation channels that were solidified on the planet only needed to invest a small number of Origin Crystals. At the start of 1,000 grams, they could activate the teleportation. If a multi-person quantum teleportation channel wanted to shorten the cooldown time, it would cost 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals to activate it.

The consumption increased tenfold. Of course, if he only invested 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals, the cooldown time of the multi-person quantum teleportation channel would still be 24 hours.

Under non-urgent circumstances, it was a little extravagant to consume 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals at a time for teleportation. However, under tense circumstances, it was very meaningful.

After a day, the first pressure test of the Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number One to Number Four was completely normal. Yan Wuyu brought Yanzi and Xu Tui along and continuously recorded the changes in the data after each test. They sensed the subtle changes in the quantum teleportation tunnels. They were extremely cautious and serious.

The reason was that according to the plan, these four quantum teleportation channels were actually tested for the Worldly Expeditionary Force or the Blue Star.

The first and second multi-person quantum teleportation channels were ordinary multi-person quantum teleportation channels. The third and fourth multi-person quantum teleportation channels were actually intergalactic multi-person quantum teleportation channels.

If the Worldly Expeditionary Force wanted to return home, they would have to use the quantum teleportation channel for more than three and four people. Therefore, Xu Tui paid special attention to channel three and four.

Fortunately, everything went smoothly.

On the night of the 21st of January, Xu Tui, Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi returned to the temporary camp on Planet White Mountain. Due to the Cooldown of the quantum fluctuations, they rested for half a day before continuing the test.

The others were resting, but Yan Wuyu, Xu Tui, and Yanzi were not. They were reviewing. Although the test was successful, they still had to carefully check and deduce the data collected after today’s test to see if they could discover any problems.

It would be best if there were no problems. If there were, they had to correct them immediately. It had to be said that pressure tests were the easiest to discover problems. Everyone quickly discovered a problem.

“The quantum teleportation channels for Number Three and Number Four need to be re-refined. Although this energy teleportation channel is stable, among the testing data collected, the energy impact that was experienced was the strongest.

“At the moment, it shouldn’t have any impact. However, there might be hidden dangers if we really have to undergo intergalactic teleportation in the future. We need to strengthen it in advance,” Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui was very satisfied with Yan Wuyu’s attitude. It was very good that he had resolved the possible problems in advance. Even if he refined a new quantum array core, it only took Yanzi and Yan Wuyu two hours to work together. After all, all of their raw materials had been handled previously.

After he was done refining, Yan Wuyu glanced at Xu Tui, who was guarding the side, and said, “Shall we continue?”

“Continue!” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui sat opposite Yan Wuyu. However, the two of them turned into a mental communication.

Ever since the previous conflict, Xu Tui had severely injured Tu Ying and captured Tu Qianshan and the others alive. This made Tu Qianshan and the others not dare to use their mind power to lock onto them and monitor them without restraint. However, the secret surveillance had always been there.

They still had to communicate with their consciousness when it was really important.

“I’ll continue to teach you how to refine the Spirit Sealing Array and the Earth Array today,” Yan Wuyu said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1