Chapter 1777: The Last Day And The Smile (2)

Chapter 1777: The Last Day and the Smile (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Upper Limit Faction felt that cultivating the ancient cultivation technique might mean that the upper limit of their cultivation in the future was relatively low. It was just that their potential in the future would be smaller or more difficult, so they prohibited it.

What was worth mentioning was that there was a more radical branch of the Upper Limit Faction. They believed that the ancient cultivation technique cultivated from the outside to the inside. Then, from the inside to the outside, they controlled more of the power of the world. If too many people cultivated, it would very likely cause the consumption of the energy of the world to be too great. They might even enter the Age of Doom.

Xu Tui could not be sure about these four factions. However, what really made him fall into deep thought was the theory of the radical branch of the Upper Limit Faction. If too many people cultivated the ancient qi-training technique, it would cause them to consume too much energy and enter the Age of Doom.

Did the Blue Star a hundred years ago enter the Age of Doom?

Xu Tui had studied the history of the Blue Star when he was in school. Later on, when he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and started studying the School of General Senses with Qu Qingshan, he studied the history of Huaxia again.

In terms of the Cultivationless Age, surreal forces or similar myths and legends were not rare in the history of Huaxia before the end of the Han Dynasty.

There were bean soldiers, Yu Ji at the end of the Han Dynasty, and so on.

However, if one looked at the history of Huaxia, from the Xia, Shang, Zhou, to the Spring and Autumn Warring States, to the Qin and Han Dynasties, the frequency of surreal power appearing was gradually decreasing.

From a scientific point of view, it was the advancement of human science and technology. They believed that certain super-realistic phenomena were just natural magical changes and not surreal forces.

However, if one were to interpret it from the perspective of the Cultivationless Age, would it be that from the Spring and Autumn Warring States Period onwards, it was the beginning of the Cultivationless Age?

In the Tang and Song dynasties, there were actually similar myths and legends. However, ever since the Ming and Qing dynasties, they became fewer and fewer. When China was established, they were almost extinct. In the next hundred years, science occupied everything. It was only when the Spiritual

Race’s expeditionary army invaded the solar system and almost destroyed the Blue Star Race that they changed the Blue Star.

The supernatural power reappeared. However, it was clear that the first batch of genetic cultivators, pioneers, such as Cheng Fengxi, the Fire God, Gavro, and the others, had only grown quickly outside the Blue Star after leaving it.

Could it be that the Blue Star a hundred years ago had really entered the Age of

Doom? If the Blue Star a hundred years ago had really entered the Age of Doom, then why had it entered the Age of Doom? If the Blue Star a hundred years ago had really entered the Age of Doom because of the ancient cultivation technique, wouldn’t that be terrifying?

This was not a battle for the Great Dao, but a choice of the Great Dao!

Xu Tui’s thoughts raced. He seemed to have grasped something, but he could not figure it out. In the end, he relied on his powerful willpower to pull himself out of this thought vortex. The problem returned to where it started.

What exactly was the so-called battle of the Great Dao? What were they fighting for?

Xu Tui vaguely felt that this so-called Battle for the Great Dao might involve the mystery of the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court 3,000 years ago. However, what kind of Battle of the Great Dao could destroy the terrifying ancient Heavenly Court 3,000 years ago?

On January 22nd, the pressure tests on Planet White Mountain continued.

The testing process today was the same as the 21st. A Five Satellites, a Four Satellites, and a Three Satellites were used for the pressure test. In terms of energy strength and fluctuations, the combination of these three people was several times stronger than before.

The test went smoothly. The four quantum teleportation channels were completely normal.

On the 23rd of January, the strongest Seven Satellites and two Six Satellites on death row were used for the pressure test. This test made all the guards present a little nervous.

If they passed the pressure test this time, then it would be up to one of them to take the test. However, at the same time, if they passed the pressure test this time, the possibility of safety would be very high even if they personally underwent the pressure test. There would not be much safety pressure.

Everyone’s attention was on the three condemned prisoners who had been released from the energy seal and thrown into the multi-person quantum teleportation channel.

Five seconds later, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when the quantum teleportation channel did not collapse. At this level, it meant that most of the quantum teleportation channels had been completed.

“Captain Qianshan, we are going to undergo an even stronger pressure test tomorrow. My idea is that at least one of the Nine Satellites will participate in the test tomorrow. Captain Qianshan, please arrange the candidates,” Yan Wuyu said.

“The Nine Satellites will begin the test tomorrow?” Tu Qianshan was a little hesitant and worried. After all, those who participated in the test were themselves or their comrades. If anything really happened, they would not even have a reason to say anything.

“Yes, in theory, we should be able to complete the final test in three to four days and submit the order to Second Master,” Yan Wuyu said.

“That’s good.” Tu Qianshan suddenly looked at Yan Wuyu and said, “Elder Yan, I have an idea. Can we have four to five death row prisoners undergo a more powerful pressure test first? That way, it might be safer to use the Nine Satellites for the test.”

“The strength of an individual’s energy is two different variables. Even if it could teleport four Planetary realms doesn’t mean that four Nine Satellites Planetary realms can safely pass through. According to the design, it was possible for four people to pass safely. However, this was only a safe advance..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1