Chapter 1770: An Xiaoxue’S Prestige And The Final Test (1)

Chapter 1770: An Xiaoxue’s Prestige and the Final Test (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Who are you? Don’t come over! I’ll kill Qiu Nian if anyone dares to come over!” The Eight Satellites Planetary realm, Tu Kaixian, who was guarding Qiu Nian alone, was extremely terrified. It had been a long time since he had such emotions in his life, but now, he was terrified.

Today, death was too close to him. As he threatened, Tu Kaixian crazily wanted to use his personal communication device to send a warning. He wanted to report to the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, and ask for help.

However, the reaction of his personal communication device only gave him despair—the signal was abnormal. Please try again later.

Tu Kaixian wished he could smash this trash!

Of course, the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, must have given the Ling Inquiry Disk that they could urgently contact when he sent their team over. However, the Ling Inquiry Disk was in the hands of Tu Yigai. Ever since the attack, Tu Yigai did not even have the time to activate the Ling Inquiry Disk.

Tu Kaixian had treated Qiu Nian as his last straw to clutch at. He instinctively felt that the wave of enemies in front of him should be targeting Oiu Nian that they had secretly imprisoned. Therefore, he wanted to use Qiu Nian’s life as a threat to save his life.

However, Qiu Nian was also extremely afraid. He could not understand where this wave of experts who could kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm came from. He was also very flustered.

“Kill!” Qu Qingshan, who had been injured previously, brought a group of long-range supernatural beings and surrounded them. He did not even blink when he heard Tu Kaixian’s threat. Everyone’s long-range attacks poured out.

This time, Lavis and Yin Ba, who An Xiaoxue had not allowed to attack previously, both participated in the battle.

Previously, An Xiaoxue did not let them participate in the battle because she was afraid that they would expose their tracks and the whereabouts of the Worldly Expeditionary Force. In fact, An Xiaoxue did not have the confidence to defeat the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the before this battle.

Although she, Jagren, Zhao Hailong, Wen Xinglun, and Ullr had no problems with their tactical deductions, tactical deduction was only deduction. Actual combat was the most important.

If they lost this battle, An Xiaoxue’s most important mission would prioritize protecting the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

However, she no longer had such worries.

Under the concentrated fire of more than a dozen long-range Six Satellites, Five Satellites, and even Seven Satellites’ supernatural beings, Tu Kaixian did not display the legend of the invincible defense of earth-element supernatural beings.

It was instantly shattered.

The most shocked one was Qiu Nian. Before he died, he only had one thought— why did the group of people in front of him kill him in the end?

Not far away, An Xiaoxue, who had just checked on Zhao Hailong’s injuries, began to give orders.

Among all the participants, Zhao Hailong was the most severely injured. He had already fainted. However, under Mu Xingluan’s full treatment, his life was fine. He just needed time to recover.

Ruan Tianzuo was also seriously injured and had lost his combat strength. As for the others, although Cui Xi, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, and the others were seriously injured, they could still move.

“Yan Lie, bring people to search and see if there are any targets you missed. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Wen Xinglun, search the planetary commander’s residence. Kill anyone who sees us.”

“Understood.”

At this moment, no one showed mercy. Although there might be many old and weak members of the Spiritual Race in the residence of the Planetary

Commander, this was a race war. If they were not careful, the Blue Star Expeditionary Force would be wiped out.

Therefore, An Xiaoxue’s orders were extremely cold-blooded. The others also carried them out extremely mercilessly.

“Mu Xingluan, Li Zheng, from now on, the two of you will do your best to maintain and treat Zhao Hailong’s injuries.”

“Understood!”

“Cui Xi, bring people to collect the corpses. Take away all the Planetary realm corpses. The rest of you, stand guard. If you discover a spy, kill them all without asking for permission! Ah Huang, report the situation of the other bases on Asteroid 677.” An Xiaoxue’s words were communicated with Ah Huang in private.

Under An Xiaoxue’s orders, the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force began to follow her orders. They were like a high-speed moving machine, but the division of labor was a little different.

However, some of the divisions of labor did not satisfy others.

For example, Luo Murong.

Luo Murong had always had a serious obsession with cleanliness. Although the

Dlanetarv war over the vears had mostlv cured Luo Murong of his obsession with cleanliness, he could only tolerate it. His obsession with cleanliness was still very serious.

For example, he was very depressed about following Cui Xi to move the corpses. After this battle, some of the corpses that needed to be moved were cut into eight pieces, some were charred, some had their intestines pierced through, and some were smashed. If an ordinary person saw this, they would vomit on the spot.

This would make Luo Murong, who was a clean freak, uncomfortable. There were some people in this world who had different thoughts from others, such as Luo Murong.

Luo Murong felt very uncomfortable moving the corpses and did not want to move them. However, he did not blame An Xiaoxue for giving the order. He did not have any complaints.

Luo Murong, who was pinching his nose and resisting the nausea from moving the corpse, glanced at Zhao Hailong from time to time, as well as Mu Xingluan and Li Zheng, who were guarding Zhao Hailong.

He was a little envious. He was not envious that Zhao Hailong had two women guarding him. Instead, he was envious of Zhao Hailong’s status and strength.

In Luo Murong’s opinion, Zhao Hailong had received special treatment because of his super strength. Even if he was not unconscious at this moment, he would probably be arranged for other matters.

Currently, in the Worldly Expeditionary Force, only a group of people with relatively ordinary strength and no characteristics were doing hard work like moving corpses..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1