Chapter 1773: The Primordial Sacred Edict And The Battle For The Great Dao (1)

Chapter 1773: The Primordial Sacred Edict and The Battle For the Great Dao (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The pressure test was not the most difficult step in the quantum teleportation channel, but it was the most terrifying step. This was because at the end of the pressure test, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race would definitely be used for the pressure test.

After all, after the multi-person quantum teleportation channel was built, the people who used it the most were the experts of the Spiritual Race. Therefore, be it objects, ordinary people, or captives, they had to be tested by a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race.

This was also because the higher-ups of the Spiritual Race were responsible for their lives. Even if a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse encountered an accident, they would not die. Under most circumstances, they would have the ability to deal with it.

However, the quantum teleportation tunnel was different. Once the quantum teleportation tunnel collapsed during the teleportation process, the power of the destruction would be something that no Nine Satellites Planetary realm could resist. It would only disappear in such a destructive power.

The Spiritual Race had tested this in the past. Of course, he was not sure about those above the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, such as the Nebula Realm or the Small Universe-level powerhouses.

Such an existence was too rare. It was impossible for them to test it. However, it was inevitable to use the Spiritual Race’s own Planetary realm powerhouses for the pressure test.

This was the reason why Can Li and Yan Jiuqu were afraid. They had participated in the test of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel previously. At that time, Yan Wuyu was the main one, and they were the only support.

However, they had used some methods to get Yan Wuyu’s son and daughter-in-law to participate in the test. Then, an accident happened. Yan Wuyu’s son and daughter-in-law disappeared along with the destroyed quantum teleportation channel.

Yan Wuyu vomited blood on the spot. Ever since then, he had been dejected. Not only did he not take another step forward, but not long after, he even resigned from his position of the second elder of the Inner Hall Sanctuary.

Currently, the second elder of the Inner Hall Sanctuary was Yan Jiuqu. And now, it was the last pressure test. Yan Wuyu’s upright laughter sounded inexplicably sinister to Yan Jiuqu and Can Li, especially Yan Jiuqu.

If one wanted to kill someone through other means, This pressure test was the most convenient. After killing them, there would be no need to take responsibility. No one would pursue the matter. In the end, it would only be summarized into one word—unlucky.

Faced with Yan Wuyu’s question, Tu Qianshan waved his hand and immediately, nine prisoners were sent over. Three of the prisoners were actually from the Muyas, two from the Great Xi Clan, and three from the Spiritual Race. The last one was from the vassal Fission Race.

Among the nine, the strongest was Seven Satellites, two were Six Satellites, one was Five Satellites, one was Four Satellites, two were Three Satellites, one was Two Satellites, and one was One Satellites.

“Only nine captives?” Yan Wuvu smiled and looked at Tu Oianshan. There was

an inexplicable chill in his smile.

“The chief said that Planetary realm death row prisoners are not easy to deal with. These nine people are already the limit. Moreover, we can’t use all of them as test subjects. However, using these condemned prisoners for three to four rounds of testing would basically confirm the safety of the multi-person quantum teleportation channel. At that time, us guards will participate in the test on the spot,” Tu Qianshan said.

“The guards will participate in the test on the spot!” Yan Wuyu chuckled. “Am I choosing the personnel?”

“Of course. You’re the expert. The Chief said that he has to listen to you when it comes to testing,” Tu Qianshan said.

“Hehe, the Chief is a sensible person.” Yan Wuyu smiled. When he looked around, he suddenly made Tu Ying, who had already recovered from his injuries, shiver. Why did he feel that this old man had ill intentions?

“Alright, then hurry up and test. We’ll strive to complete the final pressure test within five days. At that time, I’ll be able to live a carefree life. You guys will also be able to relax,” Yan Wuyu said.

“It’s been hard on you, Elder Yan,” Tu Qianshan said.

“Bing Zhen, one each for One, Two, and Three Satellites. Send them to Number One Quantum Teleportation Tunnel, ” Yan Wuyu ordered.

“Alright.” Xu Tui’s figure flashed. He immediately kicked the three Planetary realm death row prisoners to the entrance of the Number One Quantum Teleportation Tunnel. “Captain Qianshan, please remove the seals on their bodies,” Xu Tui said.

“You want to undo it?” Tu Qianshan hesitated.

“What’s the point of this test if you don’t undo it and don’t let them release their energy aura?” Xu Tui had learned a lot from Yan Wuyu’s tests over the past few days. He retorted.

Yan Wuyu smiled, looking like he didn’t even know this.

“I’ll undo it.”

“Yanzi, send a letter to the Nine Satellites on the other side first. If these three people appear alive and the multi-person quantum teleportation channel is not destroyed, get them to throw these three people over from the second quantum teleportation channel,” Yan Wuyu instructed.

“Alright, Grandpa.”

Yanzi and Bing Zhen were Yan Wuyu’s testing assistants. As a result, they obtained a lot of freedom of movement. Ten seconds later, when the light of the number one quantum teleportation channel lit up, Tu Qianshan, Yan Jiuqu, and the others held their breaths.

This first pressure test was very important. If he succeeded, the danger of the subsequent pressure tests would be very small. If he failed, the danger of the subsequent pressure tests would be indescribable.

The teleportation process usually took three to five seconds. Usually, it would pass in the blink of an eye, but this time, it felt exceptionally long. Actually, it was not just Tu Qianshan and the others. Even Yan Wuyu, Xu Tui, and Yanzi were very nervous..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1