Chapter 1776: The Last Day And The Smile (1)

Chapter 1776: The Last Day and the Smile (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s forbidden to cultivate the techniques of ancient cultivators. Does it involve the battle of the Great Dao?” Xu Tui only had a vague idea about the Battle of the Great Dao. Shang Long had also mentioned this to him before. However, the problem was that they were all talking about the Battle for the Great Dao. Then what exactly was the Great Dao that both sides were fighting for?

If the ancient cultivation technique was one of the Great Dao that both sides were fighting for, it did not make sense. Within the Blue Star, the ancient cultivation technique, which was the School of General Senses, had long declined. There were only about a hundred people who had started cultivating.

There were only five to six people who had cultivated to the Planetary realm and above. It could not be considered an inheritance or a Great Dao.

The Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race had even issued a primitive holy decree forbidding the Spiritual Race from cultivating the techniques of ancient cultivators. How could this be considered a Battle for the Great Dao?

If he wanted to defeat his enemies, he had to understand them. If the ancient cultivation technique was an enemy, should he let a portion of the Spiritual Race cultivate it? But why was it forbidden? It was even completely banned in the form of the primitive holy decree.

Xu Tui could not understand.

“You can’t understand?” Yan Wuyu also smiled and shook his head when he saw Xu Tui’s puzzled expression. “I can’t understand it either. Not to mention anything else, if we use the method of the ancient qi cultivators, everyone can kill enemies above their level as long as they master it. I don’t understand why there is such a primitive holy decree.”

“Then why did you say that it’s a Battle for the Great Dao?” Xu Tui asked.

“This is actually a debate that has been going on on the Spiritual Race’s quantum network for a long time. A portion of the cultivators expressed their different opinions on the Internet. They are roughly divided into the Great Dao Faction, the Overly Interpretation Faction, the Danger Faction, the Upper Limit Faction, and so on,” Yan Wuyu said.

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s too complicated. These things are actually semi-public on the Spiritual Race’s quantum network. You can search for them and study them yourself,” Yan Wuyu said with a smile.

“Yeah, sure.” Xu Tui immediately gave Ah Huang an order.

Tu Qianshan and the others did not dare to monitor Xu Tui and the others at all times. It was naturally much more convenient for Xu Tui. However, considering that there were also surveillance cameras on the quantum network, Xu Tui was still very careful. He would not use Ah Huang for no reason.

Ah Huang’s search efficiency was very fast. It quickly found a large amount of relevant information for Xu Tui. Moreover, it was intelligent and removed the redundancy. It summarized a large amount of information for Xu Tui.

Even so, the word count still exceeded 200,000. Before he looked at these opinions about the Battle of the Great Dao, Xu Tui first read an urgent message from Ah Huang.

The emergency message came from An Xiaoxue. It roughly reported that Qiu Nian had been targeted. Then, the Worldly Expeditionary Force launched a surprise attack on the planetary chief’s residence.

In the end, he felt inexplicably gratified when he saw that the Worldly

Expeditionary Force had killed the earth-element supernatural being of the Spiritual Race, Tu Yigai, at the cost of severely injuring two and lightly injuring six people.

He also felt a little relaxed. A few months ago, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was a huge mountain that suppressed the Worldly Expeditionary Force.

At that time, Xu Tui would have to use all his strength to deal with a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. In the end, Xu Tui would be able to deal with two or even three Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

But now, the Worldly Expeditionary Force could work together to kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm even if Xu Tui left. This was a huge improvement.

Xu Tui believed that in the near future, the Worldly Expeditionary Force might be able to kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm without any damage. This was a huge increase in strength for the Worldly Expeditionary Force and the Blue Star. At the same time, Xu Tui received a message that An Xiaoxue and the others had already moved from Asteroid 677.

“Ah Huang, tell Xiaoxue that I already know and that I’m very safe for the time being. The plan to return home is at a critical moment. There will be results soon. Let them continue to lie low. What we need to do now is to wait quietly for the time to return home. We have already seen hope of returning home,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

“Tell Xiaoxue that her orders can be publicly given to all the members of the Worldly Expeditionary Force,” Xu Tui said.

“Roger that.”

After dealing with this matter, Xu Tui began to read the comments about the 47th primitive holy decree on the Spiritual Race’s quantum network that Ah Huang had gathered. Ah Huang gave Xu Tui a preliminary summary.

It could be said that these words were the words of keyboard warriors in the Spiritual Race. However, there was no lack of logic.

The Great Dao Faction had the most supporters. They felt that the prohibition of cultivating the ancient qi techniques was a principle set by the Holy

Ancestor for the sake of the Battle for the Great Dao. Many people of the Spiritual Race felt that cultivating the ancient qi techniques might provide a certain mysterious power to a great and mysterious existence. This existence might be able to threaten the Holy Ancestor, so the Holy Ancestor banned it.

Xu Tui frowned when he heard that. Was that possible? A little. However, Xu Tui felt that it was a little unreliable. Cultivation would provide a great existence with a mysterious power? Of course, it was also possible that Xu Tui’s understanding was not high enough.

The Overly Interpretation Faction was much simpler. They thought that the world had interpreted the Holy Ancestor’s primitive holy decree too much. Perhaps it was because the technique of this ancient qi technique was weak or not suitable for the cultivation of the Spiritual Race that the Holy Ancestor had such a primitive holy decree.

The Danger Faction was similar to the Overly Interpretation Faction.

Cultivating related techniques would bring harm to the Spiritual Race or the Holy Ancestor, so it was forbidden..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1