Chapter 1772: An Xiaoxue’S Prestige And The Final Test (3)

Chapter 1772: An Xiaoxue’s Prestige and the Final Test (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Half an hour later, after the group of people from the Worldly Expeditionary Force returned to the Fish Mountain Base, Ah Huang sent back news that although the Planetary Defense Base had gathered their forces, they still did not dare to send reinforcements. They only sent a reconnaissance team to investigate the vicinity of the Planetary Chief’s residence.

What made the commander of the Planetary Defense Base even more depressed was that the 13th Main Seat Elder, Mu Sheng, and the commander of the Northern Military Region, Huo Xiao, had all brought the Nine Satellites

Planetary realm that they could use to the Western Star Field to surround the

Blue Star Expeditionary Force. As a result, Asteroid 677 could not mobilize a Nine Satellites in a short period of time after they suffered an attack from the Nine Satellites.

The pressure that the three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts gave them was too great. It could be said that he would still have the confidence to face a

Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert if he brought all 30 Planetary realm experts over, but he would only be swept away by three Nine Satellites.

Therefore, they did not dare to move without the help of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Half an hour later, the reconnaissance team sent by the commander of Asteroid 677 took the risk of death to infiltrate the center of the battlefield and send back first-hand information.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who had ambushed the residence of the Planetary Chief had already disappeared. A third of the Planetary Chief’s residence had been destroyed. The Planetary Chief’s personal guards had all disappeared.

The officer only dared to quickly arrive at the planetary chief’s residence.

Twenty minutes later, the Defense Commander of Asteroid 677 braced himself and sent an emergency notice to his superior, the Governor’s Mansion of the Northern Star Field, and the headquarters of the Northern Star Field Military Region.

The residence of the Planetary Chief of Asteroid 677 was ambushed by three unknown Nine Satellites Planetary realms. The residence of the Planetary Chief was destroyed, and the fate of the Planetary Chief was unknown.

The commander had yet to realize how much of a misunderstanding it would cause the Spiritual Race in the future if he reported this unconfirmed information. But now, he only wanted to shift the blame.

Under force majeure, his responsibility would be smaller if the Planetary Chief’s Office was destroyed. What was the factor of force majeure? The attack of three Nine Satellites Planetary realms was a factor of force majeure.

Therefore, this was something that the commander of the Asteroid 677’s Defense Base had to insist on.

He had to insist on it!

The residence of the planetary chief, which was similar to an important node in a port, had been pounced on. The whereabouts of the planetary chief were unknown, and his life and death were unknown. After layers of reports from the Spiritual Race, it naturally caused a huge commotion.

However, within the huge and bloated Spiritual Race, it took time for such a huge commotion to be transmitted layer by layer.

rlhvvo hours after the battle, Zhao Hailong, who was seriously injured and unconscious, finally woke up under the treatment of Mu Xingluan and Li Zheng. An Xiaoxue came to visit immediately.

An Xiaoxue had come to visit not only because Zhao Hailong had a powerful ability like the spatial silver spear, but also because Xu Tui had said that he had to try his best to let every member of the Worldly Expeditionary Force return home alive.

Other than that, whether Zhao Hailong woke up or not had changed with An Xiaoxue’s next plan.

“Miss An, I estimate that I will be able to recover my basic mobility in four hours. However, it will take at least a day for me to participate in the battle. I’m afraid I will need three to five days to recover if I want to attack with all my might,” Zhao Hailong said.

“Then I’ll wait another four hours for you.” After saying this, An Xiaoxue left. However, when she followed another private lounge, she suddenly stopped.

An Xiaoxue knew that this was Luo Murong’s personal room. The sound of golden sabers piercing through the air rang out in the room. An Xiaoxue spread her mind power in and realized that Luo Murong was practicing his saber. He was constantly practicing his slash. He looked extremely focused.

“You?” An Xiaoxue suddenly interrupted Luo Murong.

“Miss An, I’m fine. I’m very normal. I just want to work harder,” Luo Murong, who had been interrupted, said.

An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “Yes, but there might be unexpected situations in the next few days. Remember to reserve your combat strength at all times. Don’t go overboard.”

Luo Murong nodded gently. An Xiaoxue quickly left. She turned around and the shrill sound of the golden saber piercing through the air rang out again and entered An Xiaoxue’s ears.

An Xiaoxue roughly understood what Luo Murong meant. Back then, Zhao Hailong had trained his spatial silver spear like this. However, the question was, could this method be replicated? Could Luo Murong succeed? An Xiaoxue did not think highly of it.

In the meeting room of the Fish Mountain Lurking Base, An Xiaoxue gathered the captain-level candidates again. “All injured people, recover with all your might. Cui Xi, Yang Huai, bring people and gradually destroy the Fish

Mountain Lurking Base from the structure three hours later. Try to destroy the Fish Mountain Lurking Base without using firearms. In four hours, we will all evacuate the Fish Mountain Lurking Base of Asteroid 677,” An Xiaoxue ordered.

Ullr, who was participating, was stunned. “Weren’t we not discovered? Why are we in such a hurry to leave?”

“Precisely because we were not discovered, we have to take this opportunity to leave quickly.”

“Why?”

“Because in a few days, more than three or even more Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts might arrive at Asteroid 677. If we are still around, the possibility of us being exposed will increase greatly! Alright, carry out the order.”

This time, Ullr opened his mouth but did not voice any doubts.

In the battle at the Planetary Chief’s Office, An Xiaoxue had already proven her ability without Xu Tui. Her prestige had already soared in the Worldly

Expeditionary Force. It was no longer something that Ullr could question.

Central Star Field, Planet White Mountain.

Yan Wuyu, who had been testing for several days without sleep, suddenly looked at Tu Qianshan with a smile. “Captain Qianshan, the object, live, and human tests have been completed. Next, we would have to undergo the most crucial and important final test, the pressure test. Captain Qianshan, are you ready for the Planetary realm powerhouse who is undergoing the pressure

test?”

Yan Wuyu’s smiling expression made the expressions of Can Li and Yan Jiuqu, who were nearby, change at the same time. They carefully shrank back..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1