Chapter 1778: The Last Day And The Smile (3)

Chapter 1778: The Last Day and the Smile (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Even if the test is successful, at most three people can pass at once. After all, the quantum frequency is only that strong,” Yan Wuyu said.

“Let’s give it a try. Although they are different variables, there are often problems with the extreme test. If there are no problems with the extreme test, then there won’t be any safety problems if we personally test it,” Tu Qianshan insisted.

Seeing this, Yan Wuyu chuckled. “Alright.”

On the 24th of January, according to Tu Qianshan’s request, the four strongest death row prisoners were teleported at the same time. While everyone was nervously waiting, the four quantum teleportation channels passed this additional extreme test.

Tu Qianshan and the others also heaved a sigh of relief. If there were no problems with this, there would basically be no problems with their future tests. However, there had to be such a test.

On the 25th of January, the pressure test began again. “Captain Qianshan, there are only three people in the pressure test. Let’s not do the extreme test. Although this extreme teleportation is safe for now, there might be accidents if we use it too often,” Yan Wuyu said.

“Alright. Which of the Nine Satellites Planetary Realms will do it?” Yan Wuyu asked.

“I’m the captain. I’ll go first!” Tu Qianshan gritted his teeth and made such a decision. He had no choice. Tu Qianshan, the captain, did not have many restrictions on the other Nine Satellites Planetary realms. Therefore, he took the initiative to participate in the test first. Later on, it was easy to manage.

After all, if he caused a scene in front of the Confidential Chief because of this, he would definitely be scolded for being incompetent.

One was a Nine Satellites, and two were Eight Satellites. The three people who participated in the test wrote their wills according to normal procedures. To be honest, the situation was quite scary. Their foreheads were covered in sweat when they stepped into the first quantum teleportation channel. If anything really happened, they would disappear silently. They were testing it with their lives.

When Tu Qianshan and the other two returned from the Number Two Quantum Teleportation Tunnel, he waved his fists excitedly. He had succeeded! If this wave was successful, there would be no problems with the subsequent tests.

What made Tu Qianshan look forward to even more was a great contribution! A few days later, the testing of the multi-person Teleportation Quantum Array Core was successful. The few of them, especially him, would definitely make a great contribution.

The rest of the tests were normal.

On the 26th of January, the pressure test continued. The participants were two

Nine Satellites Planetarv realm and an Eight Satellites. The Deoole

participating in the test today were Tu Qianfeng and Tu Shengsha, the two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and another Eight Satellites.

The test went smoothly.

On the 27th of January, before Yan Wuyu and Xu Tui set off for the Testing Canyon, Yan Wuyu suddenly sent a mental voice transmission to Xu Tui and asked, “It’s going to officially begin today. Are you ready?”

Xu Tui nodded slightly. He understood what Yan Wuyu meant.

“What about over there? Are you ready?” Yan Wuyu asked again.

“I’ve already received their message. They’re already prepared,” Xu Tui said.

“Then I’m relieved. Let’s go!” Yan Wuyu said and laughed. As he laughed, he said, “Sigh, it’s finally the last day!”

This made Tu Qianshan extremely puzzled. “Elder Yan, why are you laughing? What last day? You seem to be in a good mood today?”

“Today is the last day of the pressure test. After today’s tests, the mission is about to be completed. I can report the matter of the multi-person teleportation quantum array core to Second Master. I can bring my granddaughter and grandson-in-law to enjoy family life. Tell me, am I happy? Yan Wuyu smiled.

“You should be happy!” Tu Qianshan also laughed. After this test mission was completed, their mission would be completed. At the same time, it would be a great contribution. Therefore, Tu Qianshan was also very happy.

Xu Tui also smiled when he saw that Tu Qianshan and Yan Wuyu were very happy. However, at this moment, only the heavens knew that the smiles of the three of them were different..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1