Chapter 1779: A Plan To Escape And A Person’S Fight (1)

Chapter 1779: A Plan to Escape and A Person’s Fight (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 27th of January 2142 of the Blue Star Calendar, on Planet White Mountain, the Testing Canyon.

Yan Wuyu, Xu Tui, Yanzi, Can Li, Yan Jiuqu, and the others stood in front of the four quantum channels for multi-person teleportation. Their expressions were slightly relaxed.

On the other hand, the four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, Tu

Qianshan, Tu Qianfeng, Tu Ying, and Tu Shengsha, were extremely nervous. The reason was that the main test members of the final pressure test were three of them.

Although there was a high chance that there would not be any problems during this test, they were still a little worried. As usual, there was a will before the test. Although they did not use their previous wills, this gave Tu Qianshan and the others some psychological pressure.

Tu Qianfeng, Tu Ying, and Tu Shengsha were personally undergoing the ultimate pressure test today. When the three of them stood in front of the first quantum tunnel of teleportation, Xu Tui’s body swept past two faint auras of mind power.

Xu Tui glanced at the mountain in the distance. This was the aura of the two Nine Satellites Planetary realms lurking in the dark. As there were three Nine Satellites participating in the test, their surveillance mission became more important. After all, this was the most critical moment of this test.

Tu Ning and Tu Rusong, who had been ordered to monitor the situation in secret, did not dare to be careless at all. After all, Chief Tu had specially instructed them to keep a close eye on Bing Zhen (Xu Tui) as there might be a problem with this person.

Xu Tui sensed these things and calculated the power to monitor him. Including the Nine Satellites Planetary realm guarding Planet White Mountain, he had discovered seven Nine Satellites Planetary realms and 24 Planetary realms below the Nine Satellites.

There were more than 30 Planetary realm experts. In front of such a luxurious lineup, they could only use their wits.

“The three of you, when you are teleporting later, don’t restrain the energy fluctuations in your bodies, but don’t agitate them either. Just wait quietly like normal teleportation.” Yan Wuyu gave a routine explanation. Tu Ying, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha, who were about to undergo the pressure test, nodded at the same time.

“Alright, I’ll release the Origin Crystals.” Seeing the three of them nod, Yan Wuyu took half a step into the first quantum teleportation channel. As usual, he sprinkled 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals at the location where the Origin Crystals were placed. Then, he moved his mind power slightly and guided the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

However, when he was luring the 10,000 grams to activate the Origin Crystal, Yan Wuyu’s mind power trembled and slightly collided with an energy node in the first quantum teleportation channel.

The energy of the Number One Quantum Teleportation Tunnel surged slightly and trembled slightly.

However, this was a normal phenomenon. After all, 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals were activated at the same time. It was normal for the boundless Origin Energy to cause a little trembling.

There was no need to mention Can Li. On the surface, he was Second Master’s man. But at this moment, his life and death were controlled by Xu Tui. He did not dare to leave 100 meters away from Xu Tui. He did not even dare to discover the problem, let alone not notice it.

The technician who was really sent to keep an eye on Yan Wuyu was actually his old enemy, Yan Jiuqu. However, Yan Wuyu had done it secretly. There were normal fluctuations to begin with, so Yan Jiuqu did not notice anything unusual.

“Prepare for teleportation.” Yan Wuyu took three steps back. Then, the three Nine Satellites Planetary realms, Tu Ying, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha, who were undergoing the extreme pressure test, stepped into the number one quantum teleportation channel at the same time.

Everyone, including Yan Wuyu, Tu Qianshan, Yan Jiuqu, and Tu Ning and Tu Rusong, who were secretly monitoring, were staring at the first quantum teleportation channel. As long as the teleportation test was successful, the multi-person quantum array core would be considered a success.

Tu Qianshan had even prepared the good news. Once he succeeded, he would report the good news to the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan. Of course, he wanted to report the good news to Second Master more, but he did not have the right to contact him directly.

Buzz!

The silent but infrasonic shockwave that wanted to tear apart their eardrums suddenly resounded silently, causing everyone present to reveal a painful expression. Blood even flowed out of the eyes and ears of a few Five Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Tu Qianshan and Yan Jiuqu’s eyes widened. Shock appeared on Yan Wuyu’s face. At Yan Wuyu’s age and with such rich experience, even if he was not the Best Actor, he was still an experienced actor.

Xu Tui and Yanzi also looked shocked.

The number one quantum teleportation channel collapsed!

There were no dust or earth-shattering movements, but every superb individual could sense the terrifying and boundless quantum storm in the collapsed quantum teleportation tunnel.

Under such a quantum storm, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm would definitely die.

Ten seconds later, Captain Tu Qianshan’s knees suddenly went limp. He knelt in front of the collapsed quantum teleportation channel and instantly had tears streaming down his face. At least seven to eight Planetary realm experts lost all their strength and knelt in front of the collapsed quantum teleportation channel.

Tu Qianfeng, Tu Ying, and Tu Shengsha, who had disappeared along with the collapse of the Number One Quantum Teleportation Tunnel, were their captains and good brothers. They were also the saviors of some of them. Tu Qianshan broke down!

The four of them had cooperated in countless battles. They had thought of dying in battle and that one day, they would not even have a corpse left. However, they had never thought that the three of them would disappear without a trace during the test.

At this moment, Tu Qianshan’s heart ached!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1