Chapter 1786: Tracking Method And Escape (1)

Chapter 1786: Tracking Method and Escape (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Earth Spirit was a mysterious material in a tracking technique of the Spiritual Race. At the same time, it was also the name of this tracking technique. To be precise, the Earth Spirit Tracking Technique was a tracking technique unique to the earth-element lineage of the Spiritual Race. It was a mysterious substance that could be attached to earth-element energy during ordinary cultivation that was collected by the Nine Satellites supernatural beings. It was a substance that was born with earth-element energy.

In front of everyone, it was like soil and air. It was a very normal existence. However, a portion of the earth-element Nine Satellites supernatural beings in the Spiritual Race could sense this earth element. As for how to get the Earth

Spirit into the body of the target, it was very simple.

Eat!

When it mixed into the food, it would attach to the consumer’s body. It would only dissipate after about 20 days. This earth spirit was a substance that was naturally nurtured by the earth. When it was mixed in food and water, almost no one could pick it out. In the past half a month, the food and water that Xu Tui, Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi ate every day had been mixed with Earth Spirits.

In reality, Xu Tui placed great importance on this. He had to carefully scan the food every day with his mind power. He even used his microscopic perception, afraid that he would be affected. But he did not notice the existence of the Earth Spirit.

Naturally, Xu Tui, Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi had Earth Spirits in their bodies. Tu Qianshan activated the tracking technique and immediately sensed the auras of the three special Earth Spirits that they had dealt with.

The moment he sensed it, Tu Qianshan’s expression changed. Their locations were different. The three wisps of Earth Spirits belonged to Bing Zhen (Xu

Tui), Yan Wuyu, and Yanzi. However, at this moment, one of the wisps of Earth Spirit was extremely far away from the other two wisps.

It had to be known that at this moment, in the concept of Tu Qianshan, Yan Wuyu, Yanzi, and Bing Zhen should be on the same planet. They should be in the testing valley of Planet White Mountain. The locations they sensed should be together.

There was a problem! Something must have gone wrong. The funny thing was that up until now, the information that Tu Ning had replied to him was that everything was normal.

“Activate the quantum teleportation channel. I want to return to Planet White

Mountain.” At the same time that he gave the order, Tu Qianshan took out his Ling Inquiry Disk and immediately contacted Tu Chengshan. Due to the fact that someone was on duty, the Ling Inquiry Disk was not being received by the confidential chief, Tu Chengshan. Instead, it was being received by a staff officer, but he received it very quickly.

“Please report to Chief Tu immediately that something has happened to Planet White Mountain. The four multi-person teleportation quantum channels used for the test have all been destroyed. One or two of the three people, Yan Wuyu, Yanzi, and Bing Zhen, have already escaped Planet White Mountain,” Tu

Qianshan roared.

“In addition, our quantum intelligence communication might be hijacked. Please try your best to use the military independent communication frequency or the Ling Inquiry Disk,” Tu Qianshan added.

“Alright, immediately.” The staff officer was still very professional.

After saying this, Tu Qianshan had already arrived in front of the emergency quantum teleportation channel between the testing planet and Planet White Mountain. He flashed and entered.

Thirty seconds later, Tu Chengshan, who was dealing with matters in the Sacred Spiritual Planet’s Sanctuary, received the report. His gaze turned cold and he disappeared from the Sanctuary. “Order the two elders on standby to immediately provide emergency support to Planet White Mountain. I’m about to set up a temporary quantum teleportation channel to Planet White Mountain.

“Contact the guards of Planet White Mountain. I want to know the current changes on Planet White Mountain. Order him to blockade Planet White Mountain with all his might. Order our family’s Spirit Chasing Master to track the three earth spirit elements with all his might. Report the location changes to me every minute.”

Tu Chengshan quickly gave out orders. He had considered almost all the situations. However, many things happened at the same time. In a hidden base in the Desolate Mountains in the north of Asteroid 433, An Xiaoxue stepped forward and gently hugged Yanzi. “Yanzi, welcome back.”

“Grandpa, this is Deputy Commander An Xiaoxue,” Yanzi introduced.

Before Yan Wuyu could speak, An Xiaoxue bowed slightly to him. “Elder Yan, welcome to the Worldly Army.”

“Worldly Army?” Yan Wuyu smiled slightly and nodded, but he did not say much.

Xu Tui had already told An Xiaoxue about Yan Wuyu. He had been considering the words ‘Worldly Army’ recently. In the past, the Worldly Demon Slayer Team was based on the entire Blue Star. However, with the addition of Yan Wuyu and the use of Can Li, Xu Tui felt that he should change his name.

The Worldly Army was independent of the Worldly Demon Slayers. It was a more direct army. Other than the current expeditionary army, it was basically the same as the Worldly Pioneer Raiders in the past.

Xu Tui had also considered the reason for protecting Yan Wuyu. Currently, only he knew the impact that Yan Wuyu would have on the entire Blue Star after he joined the Worldly Army. In a few years, this influence might be subversive.

Of course, there was also Can Li!

Actually, it was equivalent to stealing and transferring some of the top technology of the Spiritual Race to another planet. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have spent a few precious seconds sealing Can Li’s mental body at the moment of life and death.

What was important to the Core Refinement Master was mind power. With mind power, he could refine the core.

Under An Xiaoxue’s lead, the Worldly Expeditionary Force immediately got someone to bring Yan Wuyu to an independent underground room after an extremely simple and short welcome..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1