Chapter 1781: A Plan To Escape And A Person'S Fight (3)

Chapter 1781: A Plan to Escape and A Person's Fight (3)

Tu Qianshan became nervous when he heard Yan Wuyu's words. "Elder Yan, no matter how difficult it is, we have to find the problem first. We can test it after we solve it."

"That's right." Yan Wuyu nodded. "That's true. However, if we want to find the problem..." Suddenly, Yan Wuyu looked at himself, then at Can Li and Yan Jiuqu. He said, "I see. The three of us, the core refiners who specialize in the quantum teleportation channel, will personally test it. During the teleportation process, we will sense and search carefully. We should be able to find the problem and solve it." After saying that, Yan Wuyu looked at Can Li and Yan Jiuqu.

Yan Jiuqu nodded gently. "This method is also feasible."

Can Li shook his head. "No, this won't do. The three of us are considered top experts. We have to leave one person here to deal with any technical accidents that might happen."

"That's true. Then stay here. My granddaughter, Yanzi, is also an expert in this field. She can also participate in the personal test. As for Bing Zhen, stay here and help us keep an eye on it," Yan Wuyu arranged.

"No, this won't do." Tu Qianshan suddenly objected.

Hearing this, Yan Wuyu was stunned at first. Then, he said, "Oh, I understand. Captain Qianshan is worried that I will be with my granddaughter! Then Can Li will come with us, or Captain Qianshan will arrange for a Nine Satellites Planetary realm or Eight Satellites to accompany us."

"No, no. I didn't mean that," Tu Qianshan quickly explained. "I was worried that if something happened to you during the teleportation, Second Master would probably kill me. I'll send the other Planetary realms for the test. You guys can do the research."

"It's useless." Yan Wuyu shook his head. "If we could really discover the problem, we would have done so in the previous tests! If we want to discover the problem now, we have to test it ourselves to have the possibility of discovering the problem.

"However, Captain Qianshan, don't worry. Our cultivation levels are not the Nine Satellites. There shouldn't be any problems when we test the teleportation. This has been verified previously."

Tu Qianshan was a little hesitant. To be honest, Yan Wuyu had already convinced him. He was not afraid of Yan Wuyu and Yanzi teleporting over together. There was also a combat team led by a Nine Satellites Planetary realm over there.

As long as Bing Zhen did not go over, there would be no problems. He was worried that if anything happened to Yan Wuyu during the teleportation, the second master would really kill him.

"Elder Jiuqu, is Yan Wuyu's plan feasible?" Tu Qianshan asked Yan Jiuqu for verification.

"It's feasible."

After receiving an affirmative answer, Tu Qianshan immediately made a decision. "Alright, Elder Yan, we'll do as you say. However, you have to be extremely careful when you test and examine."

"Don't worry. I don't care about my own life and death anymore. However, my granddaughter is in her prime. I can't let anything happen to her." Yan Wuyu smiled.

Then, after a simple preparation, Yan Wuyu, Yanzi, and Yan Jiuqu stepped into the second quantum teleportation channel at the same time. Under everyone's nervous gazes, the second quantum teleportation channel did not collapse.

Tu Qianshan heaved a sigh of relief. A few seconds later, Yan Wuyu returned from Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number Three. However, he did not go to Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number Four immediately.

"I think I've discovered a little problem, but I need to personally rebuild the first quantum teleportation channel," Yan Wuyu said.

"Sure."

Yan Wuyu looked around and said, "I need a quieter place. I have to reprocess the spare multi-person teleportation quantum array core. When I'm refining and processing it, no one can observe it with their mind power to avoid interfering with me."

"Don't worry, Elder Yan."

Hearing that Yan Wuyu had found a problem, Tu Qianshan heaved a sigh of relief. After all, this was closely related to their lives. An hour later, Yan Wuyu completed the refinement and processing. Then, in front of everyone, he set up a number one quantum teleportation channel at the end of Planet White Mountain.

"Captain Qianshan, I need to personally head to the testing planet to set up the array core," Yan Wuyu said. "Who's going with me?" Yan Wuyu asked.

Tu Qianshan was a little hesitant. "Elder Yan, why don't we let Elder Jiuqu go?"

"Him?" Yan Wuyu sneered. "I'm still worried if he goes. I'm afraid that he'll do something to me! Among this group of people, he's probably the only one looking forward to my failure."

"How is that possible?" Yan Jiuqu quickly explained.

Yan Wuyu sneered and did not say anything else. However, it made Tu Qianshan have an idea. After all, they knew about the conflict between Yan Jiuqu and Yan Wuyu. It was not an exaggeration to say that they were irreconcilable.

"Why don't you accompany me, Captain Qianshan?" Yan Wuyu said.

"This..." Tu Qianshan glanced at Xu Tui. However, after thinking about it, he did not think much of it. After all, the most important thing to them was to keep an eye on Yan

Wuyu. There was still Yanzi. As for Bing Zhen, although there might be a problem, it was much less important. "Alright. I'll accompany Elder Yan. Do you want to bring more people?" Tu Qianshan said.

"Bringing another Eight Satellites is equivalent to two Eight Satellites and one Nine Satellites. It can be considered another test," Yan Wuyu said.

"Sure." Tu Qianshan was not afraid at all with Yan Wuyu accompanying him for the test. A minute later, Yan Wuyu, Tu Qianshan, and an Eight Satellites Planetary realm cultivator stepped into the multi-person quantum teleportation channel at the same time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1