Chapter 1780: A Plan To Escape And A Person ‘S Fight (2)

Chapter 1780: A Plan to Escape and A Person ‘s Fight (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Far away, Tu Ning and Tu Rusong, who were lurking in the dark, were not only shocked, but also glad. Fortunately, the two of them were hiding in the dark. Otherwise, they might have been one of the three people undergoing the extreme pressure test today.

“How could this be?” After the pain, Tu Qianshan suddenly turned his head and stared at Yan Wuyu with a murderous gaze.

Yan Wuyu was still acting like an experienced actor. He looked like a fool. “That shouldn’t be the case! The first few stages are normal. Logically speaking, the probability of success is more than 99%. There’s only a 1% chance of an accident happening. Why was it destroyed? That shouldn’t be the case.” Yan Wuyu was like a fool.

Tu Qianshan suddenly stood up and rushed in front of Can Li and Yan Jiuqu. He stared at the two of them with a murderous gaze and said sternly, “Tell me, what exactly is going on? Why did it collapse? Everything was fine up front! Why did the last stage collapse!” The death of his three close comrades made Tu Qianshan lose control of his emotions.

Looking at Tu Qianshan’s almost crazy expression, Can Li sighed. “Captain Qianshan, this is the meaning of undergoing an extreme pressure test.

Actually, to a certain extent, this test has temporarily succeeded.”

“They’re all dead. Success? Success my ass!” Tu Qianshan was furious.

“Based on the current results, this multi-person quantum teleportation channel can’t follow the energy fluctuations of three Nine Satellites Planetary Realm experts. But it could withstand two Nine Satellites and one Eight Satellites.

“In other words, in theory, this multi-person quantum teleportation channel could teleport two Nine Satellites and one Eight Satellites at the same time in the future. As long as it did not teleport three Nine Satellites at the same time, there would be no problem. Or rather, it’s also possible to teleport two Nine Satellites at the same time,” Can Li said.

Tu Qianshan was stunned. It seemed that this made sense. However, Tu Qianshan, who had lost his comrades, looked at Yan Jiuqu.

“That’s the theory,” Yan Jiuqu said.

Tu Qianshan was stunned. He could not accept it. His comrades, who had returned alive from hundreds of life-and-death battles, had died just like that. Yet from what they said, this seemed to be a value.

At this moment, Yan Wuyu, who had been in a daze, suddenly shouted, “No, there must be a problem! If I did not find this problem, it would be a hidden danger in the future. Once multiple quantum teleportation channels were set up multiple times, the probability of this hidden danger erupting would be multiplied. I have to find them. Otherwise, it would be hard to say how many people would die in the future. We have to find it!”

After Yan Wuyu said that, Tu Qianshan composed himself and suppressed his griet. “HOW are we gomg to tind It”‘

Tu Ying, Tu Qianfeng, and Tu Shengsha were already dead. They had died silently, but his mission still had to be completed. Yan Wuyu composed himself and turned to look at Tu Qianshan. He said three words that made the expressions of all the Planetary realm powerhouses present change. “Continue the test!”

Tu Qianshan instinctively felt a sense of fear. The other Planetary realm powerhouses nearby even subconsciously took a step back. Even Tu Ning and Tu Rusong, who were hiding in the dark, became worried.

Do you think they are afraid of death? Probably. If Second Master asked them to fight the enemy on the battlefield, they would definitely not frown. However, they were really afraid of taking such a gamble test.

“Captain Qianshan, I still need a high-level Planetary realm to help me with the test.”

As soon as Yan Wuyu finished speaking, Tu Qianshan did not say anything. Wherever Yan Wuyu looked at those Planetary realms, those Planetary realms either avoided Yan Wuyu’s gaze or lowered their heads.

They were afraid. With the death of these three Nine Satellites Planetary realms, they were really afraid. Yan Wuyu looked around, but not a Planetary realm dared to look him in the eye.

“This…” Yan Wuyu looked at the captain, Tu Qianshan.

Tu Qianshan naturally understood his subordinate’s worries, but he also understood that this matter could not be delayed. If Yan Wuyu really requested to continue the test, he could not refuse because this was a military order.

Once the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, knew about this, they had to cooperate with Yan Wuyu to continue the test. But now, there was more or less room for negotiation.

“Elder Yan, how about his? We can continue the test as this is also necessary! However, before we continue the test, can we study it carefully and investigate it? We can continue the test after we find the problem and solve it. Otherwise, this group of brothers…” Tu Qianshan had a difficult expression.

Actually, Tu Qianshan said these words more for himself. This was because there were no problems with the passage of mid- to low-level Planetary realms. If there were problems, it looked like it was the passage of the Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

In that case, he would definitely have to use the Nine Satellites Planetary realm if he wanted to continue the test. At that time, even if he applied again and transferred the two in the dark, he, Tu Qianshan, would probably have to participate in the test.

He was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert and an elder of the Sanctuary. It would be too aggrieved and helpless if he disappeared from the test without a trace.

That was why Tu Qianshan said that.

Yan Wuyu was stunned for a moment. He had originally wanted to take the initiative to say that he would do the test himself. He did not expect Tu Qianshan to give him a way out and immediately change his words.

“That’s right. We should find the problem first. However, this problem is difficult to find, ” Yan Wuyu said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1