Chapter 1787: Tracking Method And Escape (2)

Chapter 1787: Tracking Method and Escape (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Due to the constant excavation of the structure by the dwarf robots, there were already enough rooms in this lurking base over the past few days. During this time, Ullr wanted to follow them, but he was stopped by Zhao Hailong. “Ullr, according to the military order, no one is allowed to come into contact with Yan Wuyu other than An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie before we confirm their

safety. ”

After the last battle of the planetary commander, An Xiaoxue’s prestige had increased exponentially. Ullr no longer had the right to question her.

In the underground room, Yanzi and Yan Wuyu were standing. An Xiaoxue, Cui Xi, and Yan Lie each held a set of precise instruments and kept scanning Yanzi and Yan Wuyu. Qu Qingshan used the microscopic perception in his powerful mental perception to carefully sense the auras in Yanzi and Yan Wuyu’s bodies.

“Elder Yan, Yanzi, please forgive me. There’s a high chance that Second Master will use a tracking method on you, so we have to check,” An Xiaoxue explained.

“Understood.” Yan Wuyu was very open-minded about this. It was for safety. To be honest, there were many strange techniques in the Spiritual Race. Even Yan Wuyu did not know many of them. Who knew if there were any tracking techniques? Therefore, Yan Wuyu had to be careful.

Three minutes later, the four of them shook their heads in unison. Including Qu Qingshan’s microscopic perception, he did not discover any suspicious tracking methods.

This was good news, but in An Xiaoxue’s opinion, it was even worse. What was the possibility of Second Master not applying tracking methods on Yanzi and Yan Wuyu? In An Xiaoxue’s opinion, this possibilty was zero!

Under such circumstances, they could not find any tracking methods or traces. This could only mean one thing—the tracking methods used by Second Master and the others were extremely brilliant, so brilliant that their Worldly Expeditionary Force could not discover them.

This could even be said to be catastrophic news. This meant that if they could not find or block the possibility of tracking, the Worldly Expeditionary Force lurking here might be exposed.

An Xiaoxue made a decision after three seconds of consideration.

“Elder Yan, Yanzi, we can’t discover or find the tracking method that Second Master and the others used to enter your bodies for the time being. We have to use a stupid method for safety. However, this stupid method is not too convenient for you. We still need the cooperation of the two of you,” An Xiaoxue said.

“With Second Master’s caution, there must be a tracking method on us. Since we can’t discover it, fine. Let’s use a stupid method.” At his age, Yan Wuyu was still very clear about many things.

“It’s fine. Everything is for safety! Also, you’d better remind the regiment commander,” Yanzi said.

“Yes, I will.”

With the two of them’s agreement, An Xiaoxue began to use stupid methods.

The stupid method was actually very simple. It was to block the materials. The known shielding materials on the Blue Star had been tested on mind power, technological detection and remote sensing methods, and various supernatural abilities. Many composite shielding materials were effective. Because of the quantum dimensional chain, she brought a lot this time.

For safety reasons, An Xiaoxue gave them a total of three layers of protection. The first safe method was to let Yan Wuyu and Yanzi put on thick shielding suits. These thick shielding suits were originally used for concealment in the wilderness, but they were used here now. Other than being a little heavy and stuffy, and life was not convenient, it could be overcome.

The second safe method was the shielding compound film. It covered the two floors of the underground room where Yan Wuyu and Yanzi lived, forming a shielding safe house. The two of them could not leave this safe house for the time being. For a certain period of time, they could only move around in the safe house. Of course, each of them had a room.

The third safety method was to simply coat the underground, inner, and outer walls of the entire base with shielding materials seized from the Spiritual Race. In theory, even if it could not completely isolate tracking methods, it could greatly reduce the tracking distance.

These safety methods were only on the surface. An Xiaoxue still had deeper safety methods. For example, she, Li Zheng, Mu Xingluan, and Yanzi were all living in this safe house. One was to protect them, and the other was to

The so-called surveillance was not because they did not trust Yanzi. In fact, Yanzi was definitely trustworthy to be able to bring back the cores of the quantum teleportation array that had passed the safety test. However, the safety of the entire Worldly Expeditionary Force could not be placed on this absolute trust. Who knew if the Spiritual Race had any magical methods?

Living together was the best way to discover problems.

Similarly, Yan Wuyu also had someone accompanying him, Qu Qingshan and

Yan Lie.

Xu Tui had specially instructed Qu Qingshan to accompany Yan Wuyu.

Qu Qingshan was from the School of General Senses. Furthermore, he was previously a university teacher and had seen the world. Firstly, he could accompany Yan Wuyu. Secondly, Xu Tui hoped that Qu Qingshan could get along well with Yan Wuyu. He could obtain the array theory from Yan Wuyu during their usual exchanges and improve himself.

Yan Wuyu knew about fire-element arrays and had them.

If Qu Qingshan could master the fire dragon array that Yan Wuyu knew about, his combat strength would instantly increase by more than two times.

Xu Tui had already deliberately pointed this out to Qu Qingshan through Ah Huang. He wanted him to serve Yan Wuyu well and strive to obtain and learn the Fire Dragon Array in a short period of time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1