Chapter 1788: Tracking Method And Escape (3)

Chapter 1788: Tracking Method and Escape (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Perhaps after he mastered it, Qu Qingshan would have the strength to resist or even severely injure a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

On the expeditionary army’s side, everything returned to calm after An Xiaoxue dealt with it.

Xu Tui, who was far away on Planet White Mountain, was racing against time to escape. After the four multi-person Teleportation Quantum Tunnels collapsed, Xu Tui used instant teleportation to escape the siege of the two Planetary realm experts, Tu Ning and Tu Rusong. Then, he did not hesitate to use the fastest speed to rush to the second quantum teleportation tunnel on Planet White Mountain.

Tu Qianshan, who was far away on the testing planet, noticed something unusual. He immediately contacted Tu Chengshan. Originally, this should have been what Tu Ning wanted to do, but he was delayed by various unexpected situations.

It only took 35 seconds from the time Tu Qianshan used the Ling Inquiry Disk to transmit the news to Tu Chengshan. It took another 15 seconds from the time Tu Chengshan began to give orders to the two Nine Satellites planets that had been on standby for emergency reinforcements to them quickly entering the emergency quantum teleportation channel to Planet White Mountain.

In just 50 seconds, two powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realms arrived at Planet White Mountain.

Tu Qianshan also arrived at Planet White Mountain. At this moment, including Tu Ning, Tu Rusong, the guards on Planet White Mountain, and these two people, there were already five Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who had rushed over to surround Xu Tui. There were also nearly 20 high-level Planetary realm experts.

Such a lineup was very luxurious. Once Xu Tui was caught and held back, there was no possibility of him escaping. However, neither Tu Qianshan nor Tu Chengshan expected Xu Tui’s speed to reach an unprecedented terrifying level at this moment.

The second quantum teleportation channel of Planet White Mountain was about 6,000 kilometers away from the testing canyon of Planet White Mountain.

According to the average Nine Satellites Planetary realm, it would take three minutes to fly at full speed. The faster ones, such as the wind-type or the extremely fast Nine Satellites Planetary realm, would take about two minutes.

Under normal circumstances, it would take Xu Tui three to four minutes to get here. However, Xu Tui could move 150 kilometers at an extremely fast speed when he used teleportation without considering the consumption. It only took a second from the time he activated to the end of the teleportation.

Within 41 seconds, Xu Tui teleported 40 times. Before the reinforcements arrived at Planet White Mountain, he had already arrived in front of the Defense Base of the Number Two Quantum Teleportation Tunnel when the garrison on Planet White Mountain had just received the order from Tu Chengshan.

This Defense Base was in a semi-open state. Semi-opening meant that the passage had to be verified.

Xu Tui had already investigated the information here. The commander of this defense base was only a Six Satellites. There were a total of four Planetary realm experts.

Xu Tui had already changed into the combat uniform unique to the Spiritual Race before he landed. When he flashed into the base and entered the tunnel, he emitted a powerful Planetary realm aura. At the same time, Planetary realm guards immediately welcomed him. “Sir, please show me your identity and access order…

As soon as he finished speaking, Xu Tui took advantage of the fact that this person was unprepared to hypnotize him after the spiritual resonance. Then, he used spiritual radiation and Spiritual Concealment to give the order.

“Who is it?” The other Planetary realm guards noticed something amiss. However, Xu Tui’s figure appeared near him the moment he noticed the abnormality. An ice seal sealed him into an ice sculpture.

The Frost Nova was activated again and again. In less than three seconds, the entire Defense Base turned into a frost world. The guards here below the Planetary realm were directly killed by the Frost Nova. Those above the Planetary realm would become ice sculptures and be killed by Xu Tui.

The only survivor was the hypnotized Five Satellites Planetary realm who had verified Xu Tui’s identity.

“Open the quantum teleportation channel for me. At the same time, lower the safety door,” Xu Tui ordered.

The hypnotized Five Satellites Planetary realm naturally took care of him. The red emergency communication device in the command center in the base sounded. At the same time that the safety door began to descend, the hypnotized Five Satellites Planetary realm picked up the call under Xu Tui’s signal.

The order of Planet White Mountain’s garrison sounded in the communication device. “Seal off the second quantum teleportation channel immediately and lower the safety door. No one is allowed to pass. Without my orders, no one is allowed to start the safety door.”

“Roger that.” After replying, the Five Satellites Planetary realm hung up.

The guard of Planet White Mountain who was giving orders was also a little puzzled. Wasn’t this subordinate too bold? He did not take the initiative to reveal his identity after receiving his orders. Instead, he hung up on him. He was a little bold. But in this emergency, he did not have the time to fuss over it and continued to give the order to blockade since Tu Qianshan was urging him even more. Then, he still had to gather at the location indicated by Tu

Qianshan.

With a bang, the three safety doors of the second quantum teleportation tunnel fell one after another.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the safety door close. As long as the safety door fell, even if several Nine Satellites Planetary realms chased after him, it would still take dozens of seconds or even longer to break through the safety door.

This was the time he needed to use the quantum teleportation channel here to safely evacuate. Otherwise, he would have turned into ashes if someone

destroyed the quantum teleportation channel during the three to five seconds of teleportation.

This was the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had to lower the safety door before leaving.

He activated his mind power and shot out an icicle. It shattered the heads of the four Planetary realm experts. The mental hammer shattered their mental bodies. Only then did Xu Tui step into the quantum teleportation channel. He activated it and disappeared.

Tu Qianshan, who had activated the tracking technique, also roared crazily,

“Quick, there’s a target here at the second quantum teleportation tunnel base!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1