Chapter 1785: Three Quests And Tracking Secret Technique

Chapter 1785: Three Quests and Tracking Secret Technique

(3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

The closer he got, the more accurate his senses became.

Tu Ning was also a little flustered. He did not immediately pull out the Ling

Inquiry Disk. Instead, he activated the secret technique to track the Earth

Spirit. This secret technique to track the Earth Spirit was very fast. It could be activated in a second. However, the moment he activated it, Tu Ning’s face turned pale when he turned around to look at the testing valley. “The canyon!”

The Earth Spirit I sensed is in the direction of the canyon.”

“What!” When Tu Rusong exclaimed, many thoughts flashed through his mind.

He instantly turned around and pounced in the direction of the testing canyon. Three seconds! He would be able to arrive in three seconds.

Tu Ning also crazily activated his power and chased towards the testing valley. An extremely terrifying thought flashed through his mind at this moment.

Xu Tui suddenly appeared in the Testing Canyon. Just now, he had tried his best to escape far away, but he had teleported back quickly. That was why he had such a time difference. The moment he appeared, the Ice Array Sword blasted towards Yan Jiuqu without hesitation.

Yan Jiuqu, who was not proficient in battles, did not even have time to react before the Ice Array Sword turned him into an ice sculpture. However, the five Five Satellites Planetary realms guarding the canyon attacked Xu Tui at the same time.

Xu Tui stood where he was and forcefully used the Vajra Set to receive the attacks of the five Planetary realm experts. He took it head-on. Five layers of the eight-layered Vajra Set disappeared. However, the result was that the five of them were frozen by Xu Tui’s ice seal.

Xu Tui took a step forward, and Yan Jiuqu, who had been sealed into an ice sculpture, shattered into pieces. While the corpse was put into the quantum dimensional chain, his gaze shifted. The seven small swords formed by mind power instantly formed a Spirit Sealing Sword Formation.

The moment it erupted, the seven mind power-condensed Spirit Sealing Sword Formation could be seen with the naked eye. While the sword light instantly weakened the power of Yan Jiuqu’s mental body, the Spirit Sealing Array directly sealed Yan Jiuqu’s mental body in place.

This was Xu Tui’s slight change to the Spirit Sealing Array. He had practiced it many times in the past, but this was his first actual combat. He felt that there were still many areas that he needed to improve.

However, this thought only flashed through his mind. He could only study this when he was free.

Xu Tui took advantage of the moment when Yan Jiuqu was being controlled by the Spirit Sealing Array to attack Yan Jiuqu’s mental body with his mental hammer. Amidst his indignant and extremely angry resentment, Yan Jiuqu’s powerful mental body instantly dissipated after being hit twelve times. In the distance, Tu Ning and Tu Rusong were rapidly catching up. They were about to catch up.

Xu Tui glanced at it, but his figure flashed into the second quantum teleportation channel. According to what Yan Wuyu had taught him, an energy wrapped in mind power accurately struck a node in the second quantum teleportation channel.

Silently, the second quantum teleportation channel began to collapse.

Xu Tui’s second mission after he returned was to kill Yan Jiuqu. Then, his third mission was to destroy the remaining quantum teleportation channels. The reason was very simple. Yanzi could deduce the intergalactic quantum array core based on the research of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

In that case, there were still many Masters in the inner hall of the Spiritual

Race’s Sanctuary. As long as they found a few brilliant Core Refinement Masters and studied it every day, they would be able to follow the instructions and refine a multi-person teleportation quantum array core again with enough time. Then, they would complete the pressure test again.

At that time, the Spiritual Race would really have the technology of a multi-person teleportation quantum array core.

Xu Tui knew best how terrifying the changes brought about by this technology were. It could be said that the multi-person teleportation ability brought about by An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Seal was the number one factor that the Worldly

Expeditionary Force had been able to do whatever they wanted in the Spiritual Race’s Northern and Western Star Fields in the past half a year.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to destroy the remaining three quantum teleportation channels. He flashed in front of the Number Three Quantum Teleportation

Tunnel. A stream of light blasted in. The Number Three Quantum Teleportati Tunnel began to collapse silently like Number Two. A terrifying quantum storm began to appear.

When he flashed to the quantum Teleportation channel of Number Four, Tu

Ning and Tu Rusong had already caught up to the sky above the testing valley. Seeing this scene, Tu Ning’s eyes widened. The worst-case scenario had already happened.

“Bing Zhen, how dare you!”

“Bing Zhen, stop!”

Tu Ning and Tu Rusong shouted at the same time. Most of the time, such a roar was useless. Yet they were still willing to roar. Xu Tui followed the same pattern. A stream of light was accurately blasted into the Number Four Quantum Teleportation Channel, it then began to collapse. A quantum storm surge silently.

Tu Ning and Tu Rusong attacked Xu Tui with their strongest abilities.

“You’re late.” The smile on Xu Tui’s face widened. Before Tu Ning and Tu Rusong’s attacks landed, his figure suddenly turned illusory and disappeared.

The divine demon abnormality—Teleportation.

In an instant, Xu Tui appeared 150 kilometers away.

Xu Tui’s mind power had already reached the late-stage of the eighth star halo without the enhancement of his main planet. It was easier for him to teleport than before. His main planet of mind power could increase to nine star halos when it was enhanced by other new stars, but he did not break through nor did he experience the power of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. He felt that this was just a pure superposition of power. It did not have the power of the Nine Satellites that Shang Long had made him experience back then.

The consumption of 150 kilometers of teleportation was very small for Xu Tui. He could use it continuously. After dodging the attacks of Tu Ning and Tu Rusong, Xu Tui began to quickly teleport without caring about the consumption. His current target was the Number Two Quantum Teleportation Tunnel, which was also the closest to him. This was the best way for Xu Tui to escape Planet White Mountain.

However, he had to make a time difference. Otherwise, Xu Tui’s subsequent escape route would be very troublesome and difficult if he could not leave Planet White Mountain through the second quantum Teleportation channel.

“Ah Huang, report the latest information to me at any time. Start trying to control the military network of the defense fortress of Planet White Mountain’s Number Two Quantum Teleportation Channel.”

“Understood! However, this way, my existence will be completely exposed.”

“Then let’s expose you completely. You’ve already been partially exposed! Besides, even if you’re completely exposed, it’ll be extremely difficult for them to completely eliminate you on their network,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood!”

Just as Xu Tui was teleporting at an unprecedented speed toward the second quantum teleportation channel, Tu Qianshan, who was on the testing planet, suddenly froze.

Tu Qianshan, who had just taken another sip of his wine, suddenly realized that the number two quantum teleportation channel not far from him was beginning to collapse. A terrifying quantum storm had already come out of it.

“Did… Did the test fail again?”

While Tu Qianshan was in shock, he did not expect that something had happened to Yan Wuyu, Xu Tui, and the others after they escaped. Instead, he instinctively thought that Yan Wuyu’s tests or actions might have caused such a change.

“Tu Ning, what happened? Why is the second quantum teleportation channel…”

Before the message could be sent, Tu Qianshan’s gaze suddenly became straight. Number Three! The number three quantum teleportation channel also began to silently collapse. The quantum storm had already swept out.

“This… How could this be? Something happened. Something must have happened!” While Tu Qianshan was exclaiming, the quantum teleportation channel of Number Four also began to collapse.

Til Oianshan’s eves widened like conner hells- He was about to go crazy from

anxiety.

“Contact Tu Ning and Planet White Mountain. I’ll confirm the situation of Yan Wuyu and the others.” Tu Qianshan roared and activated the secret technique to track Earth Spirit on the spot.

In the secret hiding base of Asteroid 433, An Xiaoxue had just received Yan Wuyu and Yanzi, who had arrived through two quantum teleportation channels..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1