Chapter 1789: Confidentiality Chief’S Pursuit And The Last Two Steps Of Homecoming (1)

Chapter 1789: Confidentiality Chief’s Pursuit and The Last Two Steps of Homecoming (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The second quantum teleportation channel of Planet White Mountain led to a planet called Planet Changlin.

Planet Changlin was the location of Lu Fu, the seventh star of the Spiritual Race’s Central Star Field. At the same time, it was also the planet where the cosmic tunnel node was. Not only that, but Planet Changlin was also very prosperous. If the core planets of the Sacred Spiritual Planet and the other four Star Fields were considered super-first-line planets, then Planet Changlin was a first-line planet.

Moreover, it was one of the few planets in the Spiritual Race that could become a S-list planet. Its economy was extremely prosperous. According to the intelligence, there were as many as eight quantum teleportation channels connected to the public on Planet Changlin.

Of course, the most important thing was that Planet Changlin was the territory of Feng Ye’s organization. Furthermore, it was one of the most important territories under Feng Ye’s organization.

Xu Tui had done his homework before he chose to escape to Planet Changlin.

As long as he arrived at Planet Changlin, it would be more troublesome for Second Master’s thick-skinned tracking team to mobilize the top forces on Planet Changlin.

At that time, Xu Tui would have plenty of time to escape.

The Number Five Quantum Teleportation Channel Defense Base on Planet Changlin was connected to the second quantum teleportation channel on Planet White Mountain.

Compared to the nervousness of Planet White Mountain, the atmosphere in Planet Changlin’s Number Five Quantum Teleportation Tunnel was very relaxed. Xu Tui took a deep breath after he completed the teleportation. He walked toward the pass of the Defense Base with a smile on his face. At the same time, he took out his identity jade core.

The guard at the checkpoint was only a quasi-planet.

He glanced at Xu Tui’s identity information. Although he was a staff member, he still had to maintain a certain level of respect for the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. He nodded slightly and said, “Please activate your Spiritual and supernatural being auras and fuse them with the identity jade core to verify your identity.”

This was the Spiritual Race’s unique way of verifying their identities.

This made it impossible for anyone to impersonate the identity jade core. The Spiritual Aura could not be impersonated to begin with. Once the Spiritual Aura and the supernatural being’s Aura were combined, no one could impersonate it.

A faint light and coldness appeared on the jade core. That was the aura emitted by Xu Tui’s ice-type supernatural ability.

Everything fit.

“Verification passed. Mr. Bing Zhen, the individual clearing fee is 50 grams of Origin Crystals. I wish you a pleasant journey.”

Xu Tui happily handed over the Origin Crystals. Then, he quickly passed through the defensive tunnel of the base and left the defensive base of the quantum teleportation tunnel. He instantly turned into a stream of light and left. He managed to escape. However, he could not be careless.

“Ah Huang, send a message to Xiaoxue and the others. Tell them that I’ve successfully escaped Planet White Mountain and am about to head to the cosmic tunnel. Then, I’ll try to find the end of the cosmic tunnel that leads to the solar system in the cosmic tunnel and try to return to the solar system alone. Once I returned to the solar system, I would immediately set up a multi-person quantum teleportation channel to fetch them back. The estimated time was five to 30 days. The Worldly Expeditionary Force will continue to silently lurk.”

Xu Tui’s tone and expression were very relaxed when he gave this order. He had already passed the most difficult moment on the way home with the Worldly Expeditionary Force. At the same time, he had completed the most impossible step. Now, it was the second last step. Xu Tui would turn around first and cross the high- temperature fire screen of the solar system and return to the Blue Star.

Then, Xu Tui set up the multi-person quantum tunnel in his hand to bring the Blue Star Expeditionary Force home.

Previously, when Yanzi and Yan Wuyu went over, they had already brought along half of the four sets of multi-person quantum teleportation array cores and intergalactic quantum teleportation array cores. After they went over, they would hand them over to An Xiaoxue.

As long as Xu Tui returned to the Blue Star, he would be able to bring them home.

This was Xu Tui’s plan to return home. He was never worried about transmigrating through the high-temperature fire screen. Just as Shang Long had said, the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system had a protective effect on the Blue Star humans. When they transmigrated, the Blue Star humans suffered much less damage.

Xu Tui had already passed through it once when he went to the Muyas’ Star Field more than a year ago. He had experience now. At that time, he had just broken through to the Planetary realm. Compared to then, his mind power was several times stronger, and his teleportation was also several times stronger. As long as he found the cosmic tunnel to the solar system, Xu Tui would be able to transmigrate there.

Of course, it was not completely without danger. He would encounter many Spiritual Race beings in the cosmic tunnel. If he was not careful, he would be interrogated and attacked. However, Xu Tui, who was already prepared for this, felt that these dangers should not be much. It would not be long before he could bring the Worldly Expeditionary Force home.

“I’ve already left a message for Xiaoxue at the designated location on the quantum network. At the same time, I received a new message from Xiaoxue,” Ah Huang said.

“Speak.”

“Xiaoxue told you to be careful of Second Master and the others’ possible tracking methods! Up until now, they have not found any tracking methods or elements on Yanzi and Yan Wuyu. However, in theory, especially since Second Master is usually very cautious, he will definitely leave a tracking method or tracking element on you. If you can’t find it, it means that the technique is very advanced. Xiaoxue told you to be extremely careful,” Ah Huang said.

“A brilliant tracking element?” Xu Tui nodded gently. He had remembered these words. He pinched two Soul Crystals and flew towards the cosmic tunnel node defense base on Planet Changlin while recovering his mind power. When he was on Planet White Mountain, Xu Tui had crazily teleported 40 times in a short period of time. He had used up 20% of his mind power, although in terms of quantity, he still had a lot of mind power..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1