Chapter 1783: Three Quests And A Tracing Secret Technique (1)

Chapter 1783: Three Quests and a Tracing Secret Technique (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet White Mountain.

Other than the faint auras of Tu Ning and Tu Rusong, the two Nine Satellites Planetary realms, staring at Xu Tui, everything else was normal. It was very calm.

Tu Ning of Planet White Mountain thought that Yan Wuyu and Yanzi had both arrived at the testing planet opposite. It was very safe to be watched by Captain Tu Qianshan.

On the other side, Tu Qianshan, who was on the testing planet, thought that

Yanzi was on Planet White Mountain while Yan Wuyu had just returned to Planet White Mountain. These two important targets were both on Planet White Mountain.

Without a target to supervise for the time being, Tu Qianshan immediately relaxed a lot. He even took out the Five Fruits Wine that he liked to drink and took a sip. It was very comfortable. Under the precise plan and with Ah Huang’s cooperation, they had entered such a strange calm situation.

Yanzi and Yan Wuyu had already escaped. The watchers did not know yet. However, Xu Tui knew that he did not have much time left. He did not know if the Spiritual Race had any other tracking methods on them, but such a situation would definitely not last long. There was one more extremely important thing he had to do before he escaped.

“Hey, I’m going to relieve myself,” Xu Tui greeted Tu Ning.

It was normal for people to have urgent needs. Although it was fine if a Planetary realm powerhouse did not pee or poop for a few days, under normal circumstances, it would be comfortable to solve this matter.

“Mm.” Tu Ning nodded slightly in agreement.

As he had been instructed by Xu Tui that the control chip that Xu Tui had planted in his head would explode if it was more than 100 meters away from him, Can Li quickly said, “I’ll go too.”

At the same time, Can Li gave Tu Ning a look. Over the past few days, Can Li had followed Xu Tui to relieve himself. He had no choice but to give him such a look. It meant that he would use such an excuse to follow Bing Zhen as a surveillance. Otherwise, it would definitely arouse suspicion if he kept following Xu Tui to relieve himself.

Tu Ning heaved a sigh of relief when Can Li took the initiative to follow him. However, he still glanced at the place where Tu Rusong was hiding and gestured for him to pay attention. The other Planetary realm experts guarding the canyon did not move. After all, it had been so many days, but there were no signs of escape.

Moreover, although Bing Zhen had frozen four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts with his own strength last time, that was based on an unequal situation. The other Planetary realm powerhouses could only defend but not attack because they were concerned about Yan Wuyu’s life. They were ruthlessly bullied by Xu Tui.

However, it was different now. Therefore, these Planetary realm experts were not worried that Bing Zhen would escape. Moreover, Yanzi and Yan Wuyu were not around, so Bing Zhen would not be able to escape alone.

The washroom in the canyon was about 1,500 meters away from the quantum teleportation tunnel. Tu Ning and Tu Rusong’s mind power could cover it.

Of course, because of the scene where Xu Tui and Yan Wuyu had joined forces, they no longer dared to use their mind power to keep an eye on Xu Tui and the others, especially when they were in the washroom.

Their mind power was still paying attention to this area.

Under their gazes, Xu Tui and Can Li walked into the washroom one after another. The moment he walked into the washroom, Xu Tui sent a voice transmission to Can Li’s consciousness, “I’m leaving. Cooperate a little and let me obediently detain your mental body. I can help you find a new body in the future. If you don’t cooperate, your soul will dissipate now.”

Shock appeared in Can Li’s eyes. Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission instantly told him everything he wanted to express. Can Li was stunned on the spot. “You… You can’t escape.” Can Li stammered in his anxiety.

“I can escape. You still have three seconds to make your choice,” Xu Tui said as he stared coldly at Can Li.

Can Li’s expression was extremely bitter. Although he knew that he would not have a good ending when he was captured and controlled by Bing Zhen, he was still looking forward to it.

He hoped that Yan Wuyu, Bing Zhen, and the others would obediently create a multi-person teleportation array core for Second Master and submit to him. Then, he would have a chance to peacefully deal with Bing Zhen.

However, he did not expect Bing Zhen to want to escape.

“Actually, Second Master is a person who keeps his promises. There will be many benefits if he agrees to you. Besides, even if you escape, Elder Yan and Yanzi won’t be able to escape,” Can Li said.

Consciousness communication was extremely fast.

“Yanzi and Elder Yan have already left. You still have a second.”

This news shocked Can Li again. He did not expect Yan Wuyu and Yanzi to be able to escape silently. This was simply…

However, this also confirmed his previous doubts. The newly built first quantum teleportation channel seemed to be different. From the looks of it, there was indeed a problem.

“I’ll… cooperate.”

Almost at the same time that Can Li agreed, Xu Tui placed his large hand on his head. He squeezed gently, and Can Li’s head exploded. Can Li’s mental body suddenly appeared. A blank Soul Crystal appeared in Xu Tui’s palm. Due to Can Li’s obedience, Can Li’s mental body was sealed into the Soul Crystal.

“I’ll keep your body. In the future, I’ll try my best to clone a brand new body for you.” As he spoke, Xu Tui threw Can Li’S mental and physical body into the quantum dimensional connection at the same time. The entire process only took a second because of Can Li’s cooperation.

Can Li was also a core refiner. He had participated in the test the entire time over the past few days. Furthermore, because of Second Master’s request, he had sensed and participated in the multi-person Teleportation Quantum Array

Core..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1