Chapter 1792: Confidentiality Chief’S Pursuit And The Last Two Steps Of Homecoming (4)

Chapter 1792: Confidentiality Chief’s Pursuit and The Last Two Steps of Homecoming (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

One minute and 40 seconds later, Xu Tui arrived in front of the cosmic tunnel Defense Base on Planet Changlin. It had to be said that Planet Changlin was really prosperous. There was a long queue in front of the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Base. There were at least 30 people.

The passing speed was about half a minute. Fifteen minutes. It would be very dangerous if he waited here for 15 minutes. In the next moment, Xu Tui passed through the long queue and arrived in front of a Planetary realm powerhouse ranked fourth. He was an Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

“Sir, can I buy a seat for you? I have something urgent to attend to! Give me your seat. Go and queue again. How about 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals?”

The Eight Satellites, who had been proposed by Xu Tui, rolled his eyes at Xu Tui. Who did he look down on with 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals?

“5,000 grams of Origin Crystals.” Xu Tui increased the price.

The Eight Satellites looked at Xu Tui but did not speak.

“Ten thousand grams of Origin Crystals. I really have something urgent to attend to,” Xu Tui said sincerely.

This price really surprised the Eight Satellites. 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals was a large sum of wealth to him. However, at this moment, he saw that Xu Tui had increased the price so quickly and so much. He instantly became greedy and wanted to stretch it out. He was hesitating. Should he offer 15,000 grams of Origin Crystals or 20,000 grams?

After all, such a great injustice was rare.

Just as he was hesitating, a Nine Satellites who was queuing in front of the

Eight Satellites suddenly turned around and said to Xu Tui, “Brother, give me

10,000 Origin Crystals. I’ll sell you my location.”

“Okay!” Xu Tui took out 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals without hesitation and completed the transaction in an instant. He stood in the position of the Nine Satellites and was ranked second.

“Haha, queuing for 20 minutes to earn 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals is worth it!” The Nine Satellites was extremely excited as he weighed the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals that he had just obtained.

The Eight Satellites who was intercepted was stunned. He glared at the Nine Satellites.

“What are you doing? Who are you blaming if you’re unwilling?”

In an instant, he was glared at by the Nine Satellites. He was filled with regret. 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals were gone because of greed.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui easily walked into the checkpoint of the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Base and took out his identity jade core.

“Hello, earth-element supernatural being, Cui Xi. Please send your spiritual aura and supernatural being’s aura into the identity jade core for verification.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s spiritual aura and the thick earth-element supernatural being’s aura fused into the identity jade core. The identity jade core lit up. The verification passed.

“Mr. Cui Xi, the toll is 50 grams of Origin Crystals.”

After Xu Tui paid 50 grams of Origin Crystals, he strode into the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Changlin. A minute later, he disappeared from the cosmic tunnel.

The identity jade core of Cui Xi was not fake, it was real! The planetary commander of Asteroid 677, Qiu Nian, had personally organized it. Back then, when Xu Tui asked Qiu Nian to do this, he had to do three to four identity jade cores, especially Xu Tui. He could be an ice-element supernatural being or an earth-element supernatural being. It was very convenient to change his identity.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui dared to enter the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Fortress with a wanted order.

Just as Xu Tui entered the cosmic tunnel’s Defense Base and cleared the level, the two emergency quantum teleportation channels to Planet Changlin were successfully built. Tu Chengshan and the tracking expert, Tu Sanli, stepped into the emergency quantum teleportation channel at the same time.

Xu Tui had already disappeared into the cosmic tunnel when they appeared on Planet Changlin. Almost as soon as he came out of the quantum teleportation channel, Tu Chengshan urged the tracking expert, Tu Sanli, “Quick, quickly lock onto the exact location of this Bing Zhen.”

In the next moment, Tu Sanli, who had activated the tracking technique, suddenly had a very difficult expression..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1