Chapter 1793: The Arrangement Of Feng Ye (1)

Chapter 1793: The Arrangement of Feng Ye (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Chief Tu, the tracking aura on the target, Bing Zhen, suddenly became blurry. It seems to have left Planet Changlin.” The tracking expert, Tu Sanli, who had just arrived at Planet Changlin, frowned.

“That’s impossible.” Tu Chengshan immediately rejected the idea. “I’ve already issued a wanted order for the Defense Base on Planet Changlin through the Sanctuary Security Division. Unless he physically crosses space, he won’t be able to leave Planet Changlin.”

Tu Chengshan said that because even if Bing Zhen’s physical body crossed space, he would not be able to travel far in these few minutes. The tracking aura would not become blurry.

Tu Chengshan also knew this tracking technique. He could activate the Earth Spirit. Comparatively speaking, his perception of the subtle changes in the Earth Spirit was not as sharp as the tracking experts like Tu Sanli. This could only benefit from the accumulation of time. And time was the most limited thing for a person.

“Chief, it’s not that he’s crossing space with his physical body. If he crosses space with his physical body from Planet Changlin, unless he flies more than half a day in advance, it’s impossible for my tracking technique to be blurry. However, the aura of Earth Spirit I was tracking now was indeed very blurry. Wait a moment. I need to confirm the characteristics of the Earth Spirit that I sensed,” Tu Sanli said.

“Then hurry up.” As he waited, Tu Chengshan urgently contacted the other staff officers in the second main seat and asked them to obtain information about the clearing of Planet Changlin through the Security Division.

This was the trouble with Planet Changlin. If it was on most other planets, the confidential chief, Tu Chengshan, would have directly revealed his identity and received cooperation.

However, in the previous battle for Yan Wuyu, Sixth Master had suffered a hidden loss. Now, if he wanted to reveal his identity in Sixth Master’s firm territory, he would definitely encounter all kinds of delays.

He could only circle around to obtain relevant information. Although he had to make a big round, the reputation of the second main elder still exists. He was still very fast at obtaining relevant information.

Ten minutes ago, Bing Zhen appeared at the Defense Base of Planet Changlin’s Number Five Quantum Teleportation Tunnel and successfully passed. At that time, there was no wanted order for Bing Zhen. Ever since the wanted order was issued, Bing Zhen did not appear at the various clearing points on Planet Changlin.

Therefore, a team of pursuers had been sent to the Planet Changlin’s Defense Base due to Bing Zhen’s wanted order, but there was no result.

Bing Zhen had already left Planet Changlin. If he really left, how did he leave?

Tu Chengshan looked up at the starry sky and frowned. Two minutes later, Tu Sanli, who had been tracking the aura of Earth Spirit Number Three, suddenly opened his eyes and heaved a sigh of relief. “Chief, it’s confirmed.”

“Where is it?”

“Chief, the aura of Earth Spirit on Target Number Three, Bing Zhen, will be in a blurry state for a period of time, and the blurry signal will also fluctuate irregularly. This signal form will only appear after the target enters the cosmic tunnel,” Tu Sanli said.

“He’s already entered the cosmic tunnel?”

Tu Chengshan was about to veto it when he suddenly remembered the tragedy of Asteroid 677. The people he sent over to secretly interrogate Asteroid 677’s Planetary Chief, Tu Yigai, and the others had all died tragically.

Most of the important members of the Planetary Chief’s Office died tragically with them. In the beginning, Tu Chengshan thought that it was done by the Sixth Master. After all, Yanzi and Bing Zhen’s original identities were Qiu Xuan from Asteroid 677.

Under such circumstances, other than secretly sending people over to investigate again, Tu Chengshan admitted that he had suffered a loss in silence. Although the Sanctuary did not fully intervene in the death of a planetary chief, it would not look good if it blew up.

However, at this moment, Tu Chengshan suddenly realized that something was wrong. Could Qiu Nian’s death be to protect Bing Zhen? In that case, there must be someone else and an expert behind Bing Zhen!

Who was the expert behind Bing Zhen? Was it the Sixth Master, Feng Ye? Or someone else? If that was the case, it would not be a troublesome matter for Bing Zhen to successfully pass through the cosmic tunnel defense fortress on Planet Changlin.

In the eyes of most cultivators in the Spiritual Race, the jade core was holy and untouchable. Everyone could only have one. However, in the hands of the people who could control it, they could get a few as long as they had enough money.

In other words, it was very likely that Bing Zhen had changed his identity and entered the cosmic tunnel.

“Let’s go to the cosmic tunnel to chase after them! Order, Team 4, Team 5, Team 6, Team 7, and the Mountain Attack Team to be on standby at the cosmic tunnel node near Planet Changlin. Wait for the tracking personnel to arrive. Tu Qianshan, reach the cosmic tunnel node near Planet Changlin immediately.”

Tu Chengshan gave a series of orders. The reason why he gave such an order was that Tu Chengshan understood the tracking characteristics of Earth Spirit.

Earth Spiritual Track was extremely magical. Other than the stupid method of entering a safe house that had an extremely good effect, there was almost no way to restrain it during the duration of the effect.

However, the Earth Spirit also had a weakness. For example, Earth Spirit was still effective in the cosmic tunnel, but it would be greatly interfered with and suppressed by the cosmic tunnel. All Planetary realms, even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, would be completely suppressed by the cosmic tunnel..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1