Chapter 1794: The Arrangement Of Feng Ye (2)

Chapter 1794: The Arrangement of Feng Ye (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Especially when his mind power left his body and sensed it, it was ten times stronger. It was said that there were no exceptions to this suppression other than the experts of the small universe.

With a tenfold suppression, his mental perception, which was the most commonly used Tu Chengshan, could be extended to about 4,500 meters. In the Spiritual Race, he could be considered a person with a relatively far perception distance, but it was not the furthest.

However, after he entered the cosmic tunnel, the distance of his mental perception would shrink by ten times to 1+50 meters.

For superb individuals, the distance of their mental perception or the distance of their mind power was their maximum combat radius. His supernatural ability could cover a radius of 4,500 meters with him as the center. Now, it was only 450 meters.

Similarly, the tracking effect of the Earth Spirit was still effective in the cosmic tunnel, but it was more than ten times suppressed. There was still a direction to follow in the cosmic tunnel, but it would become very blurry.

The reason was very simple. In the cosmic tunnel, both the tracker and the Earth Spirit were naturally suppressed by the cosmic tunnel. So the tracking effect plummets.

However, it was still effective. Therefore, more superb individuals who knew tracking techniques had to lead teams to pursue them separately in the cosmic tunnel. The cosmic tunnel was also very vast.

Of course, it was much simpler than searching in a Star Field.

Five minutes later, Tu Chengshan brought the tracking Expert, Tu Sanli, and used his special rights to quickly pass through the cosmic tunnel node defense base on Planet Changlin.

They passed in less than a minute when Feng Ye, who was recuperating on his private planet, received a report from his confidential secretary, Feng Qianliu.

“Sixth Master, there’s an urgent report from Planet Changlin. Tu Chengshan has personally appeared on Planet Changlin. He should be chasing after Yan Wuyu’s grandson-in-law, Bing Zhen. They even issued a wanted notice for Bing Zhen through the Security Division,” Feng Qianliu said.

“A wanted order for Bing Zhen?” Feng Ye suddenly became energetic. He stood up very naturally and paced with his hands behind his back. During this period of time, his mental body had almost fused with his physical body. In a few days, he would be able to go out and meet people.

“Under normal circumstances, Bing Zhen is unimportant. Even if he ran away, Tu Chengshan would not personally chase after him. There’s only one reason why Tu Chengshan came to chase after him personally—Yan Wuyu has also escaped.” Suddenly, Feng Ye laughed.

“It looks like Yan Wuyu might have something real in his hands! No wonder Second Brother was so decisive back then. Back then, we got lucky. Unfortunately, he beat us to it,” Feng Ye said.

“Sixth Master, then now, we can play the trick of a mantis stalking a cicada or an oriole behind. We are experts when it comes to tracking tracks,” Feng Qianliu said with a smile.

“You mean to send people to secretly follow behind Tu Chengshan’s men and snatch food from the tiger’s mouth?”

“Sixth Master is brilliant!” After laughing, Feng Qianliu suddenly became murderous. “When the time comes, I’ll take the opportunity to take revenge for the last time. Last time, they killed three of our Nine Satellites. This time, we have to return the favor!”

Feng Ye smiled and nodded. Feng Qianliu was a hero among women, but she was also more vengeful. It could be considered a flaw.

“Then go. Be careful,” Feng Ye said.

“Sixth Master, I’ll personally lead the team. Six Wind Shadow teams will go over.”

“Okay!” At the same time that Feng Ye agreed, he looked at Feng Qianliu and said, “If Tu Hou appears, don’t hesitate. Inform me immediately and set up an emergency quantum teleportation channel. I will also go over in the shortest time possible.”

“Sixth Master, but you…” Feng Qianliu was a little worried.

“Don’t worry. This body has already fused 99% with my mental body. It’s impossible for it to completely fuse with me in this life. However, at this level of fusion, the impact on my combat strength is negligible,” Feng Ye said.

“I understand.” With that, Feng Qianliu quickly left.

Near the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Changlin. Xu Tui, who had left Planet Changlin, was actually a little dumbfounded when he entered the cosmic tunnel.

The army!

There were many armies!

If Xu Tui did not have a strong mental fortitude, he would have thought that he had been tricked. He was blocked at the node of the cosmic tunnel by Second Master’s men. After observing for a while, he realized that the bustling army was all advancing in one direction. The middle and back of the army were also carrying a large number of supplies.

There was no end to this advancing army. There might be more than 100,000 people.

Xu Tui’s first thought was why the Spiritual Race was still gathering an army.

rlWventy days ago, when he, Yan Wuyu, Yanzi, Can Li, and the others were heading to Planet White Mountain under the protection of Tu Qianshan and the others, they also saw a massive army of the Spiritual Race.

At that time, Xu Tui roughly knew from Yan Wuyu that the Spiritual Race was gathering an army. They had already gathered at least two million troops. There was a military operation against the solar system, and it might be a joint effort of the three races.

Xu Tui had not thought about this recently when he was meticulously planning to escape and return home. He immediately remembered this matter when he returned to the cosmic tunnel today and discovered such a large number of troops.

It had been almost 20 days, but the Spiritual Race was still gathering an army.. What exactly were they doing? What kind of operation against the solar system required millions of Spiritual Race troops?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1