Chapter 1796: Pounce Expert And Two Ends Blocked (1)

Chapter 1796: Pounce Expert and Two Ends Blocked (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui became more and more shocked as he walked through the cosmic tunnel. He walked forward in four to five hours. He passed by 15 cosmic tunnel nodes. In such a long cosmic tunnel, the Spiritual Race’s army and various supply convoys were endless.

Where exactly was the Spiritual Race going to send such a massive army to the solar system this time?

Xu Tui could not figure it out along the way. Along the way, he once again witnessed the magnificence of the cosmic tunnel. The exploration of the cosmic tunnel of the solar system was completed in less than two hours.

However, the cosmic tunnel in the Milky Way seemed to have no end. During this time, Xu Tui also encountered seven to eight branch tunnels of the cosmic tunnel. There were three branches of the cosmic tunnel. After a 15-minute journey, he reached the bottom. It was as if he had entered a dead end.

The end of the branch tunnel was a cosmic tunnel node. However, this cosmic tunnel node was sealed. Or rather, it had a natural identification. Not everyone could enter. The other five branches of the cosmic tunnel seemed to have no end. He did not know where they led to.

Xu Tui quickly explored the longest branch tunnel for 30 minutes before returning the way he came. If he continued to explore like this, there would be no end or goal.

For now, business was more important.

These branch tunnels were narrower. The widest place was only a thousand meters. Moreover, there were very few cosmic tunnel nodes marked on the star map in the branch tunnels. It looked more secretive.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized that compared to the Spiritual Race or the three major races, the Blue Star humans knew too little about cosmic tunnels.

Perhaps Little Six should know a lot. However, Little Six was staying in the body of a Seven Satellites guard as the commander of the Heavenly Court. He was currently in Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain. It was not convenient for him to communicate with Xu Tui at any time.

Xu Tui felt that he could try to get Little Six to transform into one in the future. This way, he could communicate with Xu Tui at any time.

What Xu Tui did not know was that his exploration behavior had caused trouble for the pursuers behind him. Among the people who had brought the cosmic tunnel to track Xu Tui, there were only five people who could sense that Earth Spirit had used a tracking secret technique.

In the earth-element lineage, not everyone could sense the Earth Spirit. Only cultivators with relatively pure earth-element supernatural abilities could sense Earth Spirit and use a tracking secret technique.

The five of them, including Tu Sanli, Tu Chengshan, Tu Qianshan, and Tu Ning, were originally tracking together. However, the further they chased, the more scattered the auras became.

The cosmic tunnel was too ruthless in suppressing the tracking technique and the Earth Spirit. In the end, even the tracking expert, Tui Sanli, could not be 100% sure of the direction at the fork in the road.

Under such circumstances, Tu Chengshan could only split his forces. He split the large group into five tracking teams. At an uncertain fork in the road, he could only send out a tracking team to track them. He also had to consider the problem of the strength ratio.

A tracking team had to be equipped with at least two Nine Satellites Planetary realms. They also had to be equipped with someone who could track and sense the Earth Spirit Secret Technique.

Fortunately, Tu Chengshan had personally led a team to chase after him. He had mobilized quite a number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. While most of the tracking teams heading to the fork in the road eliminated that possibility after half an hour, there was no effective communication method in the cosmic tunnel. They could only return quickly according to their previous agreement.

On Xu Tui’s side, after five hours of medium-speed flying, a look of joy gradually appeared on his face.

Under normal circumstances, the cosmic tunnel was cold and silent. Although it was not as cold as the universe, it was definitely not warm.

The scorching aura represented a possibility—it was close to the separation line between the cosmic tunnel of the solar system and the cosmic tunnel of the Milky Way—the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system.

Xu Tui was a little excited. He would be able to go home soon!

The high-temperature fire screen of the solar system naturally protected the Blue Star humans. Where the Spiritual Race could not pass, the Blue Star humans could. Moreover, his current teleportation could definitely pass through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system.

Xu Tui could not help but speed up in his excitement. The scorching sensation became stronger and stronger. He felt that the temperature had almost turned from minus to zero. It should not be far. He would be able to reach it in another ten minutes or so.

However, in the next second, as the cosmic tunnel in front of him suddenly tunneled through, a fortress-like light screen suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s vision.

The entire light screen spanned the entire universe tunnel. The cosmic tunnel here was less than 2,000 meters wide.

This fortress-like light screen was formed by five towers of different colors. The energy circulation emitted by the five towers cycled and finally formed a light screen that blocked the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui’s heart sank. This place was sealed off. How could he go home? Was this place a temporary closure or a normal closure? Or was it because of the war?

However, Xu Tui shook his head after he thought about it. The millions of troops that the Spiritual Race had conscripted were clearly not gathered here. It should not be because of the war.

Then why? Xu Tui thought about it. While he was prepared for battle, he quickly approached the sealed light screen at a standard speed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1