Chapter 1790: Confidentiality Chief’ S Pursuit And The Last Two Steps Of Homecoming (2)

Chapter 1790: Confidentiality Chief’ s Pursuit and The Last Two Steps of Homecoming (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, Xu Tui had to maintain his mind power at all times for the rest of the time. Just as Xu Tui successfully cleared the level and left the fifth quantum teleportation channel base on Planet Changlin, Tu Qianshan, who had just connected to Planet White Mountain, suddenly frowned.

“Are you sure that the second quantum teleportation channel base has been sealed?” Tu Qianshan asked.

“Lord Qianshan, it’s already closed. The three safety gates have all fallen. Even if you and I attack with all our might, it will probably take us half an hour to break in,” the guard of Planet White Mountain said.

“The target is currently near the second quantum teleportation tunnel base. Everyone, move closer to the second quantum teleportation tunnel base and search. Listen to my instructions at any time.” After giving the order, Tu Qianshan activated the tracking secret technique to sense the Earth Spirits. He was stunned!

It had disappeared!

Tu Qianshan, who was flying at high speed, suddenly stopped. His eyes widened and he was stunned. That was impossible! As long as the Earth Spirits entered their bodies, even earth-element Nine Satellites supernatural beings like them who could sense the Earth Spirits would not be able to expel it out of their bodies. They would probably wait for it to be naturally expelled.

The only way to prevent himself from being tracked was to use a stupid method and use multiple shielding materials to isolate the target so that they could not track him. Now, all three targets have disappeared.

This responsibility…

Four seconds later, just as Tu Qianshan was sweating profusely, he suddenly sensed another earth spirit aura. Under his shock, Tu Qianshan’s expression suddenly became extremely ugly.

This was a flash of the earth spirit! This situation could only happen under one possibility—Teleportation! The tracking target had just undergone quantum teleportation. When quantum teleportation was carried out, the Earth Spirit in the target’s body would flicker and he would not be able to sense it for a short period of time. In other words, the target had entered the quantum teleportation channel. He could also sense that the aura of the Earth Spirit had suddenly become extremely far away.

“Bastard!” Tu Qianshan cursed at the garrison of Planet White Mountain. “I told you to close the quantum teleportation channel. Did you close it or not!” “I gave the orders in time and confirmed that the safety door was closed!”

“Shut up. F*cking safety door. The target has already escaped through the second quantum teleportation channel!”

“The safety door really fell!” The garrison of Planet White Mountain tried his best to defend himself.

“Shut up. See you in front of the second quantum teleportation channel base.” The target had already escaped, but he was still stubborn. At this moment, Tu Qianshan really had the intention to kill.

In a private manor on the Sacred Spiritual Planet, Tu Chengshan was looking anxiously at the emergency quantum teleportation channel that was being constructed in front of him. If Tu Qianshan was in front of him now, he would want to break his neck. He was just one step away. Why did he make such a huge mistake? “Quick, faster!”

“Chief, it’ll be done soon. Another three minutes, another three minutes.” The teleportation array architect broke out in a cold sweat.

Tu Chengshan nodded and instantly disappeared. A second later, he appeared deep in the manor. In a quiet room deep in the manor sat three old men with earthen yellow hair, brows, and beard. These three old men emitted almost pure earth-element power fluctuations.

“How’s the tracking going?” Tu Chengshan asked.

“Chief, the aura of Target 1 has disappeared. The only thing we can confirm is that the aura of Target 1 has disappeared directly from the Central Star Field.”

“Chief, Target Number Two is the same as Target Number One. His aura has disappeared from the Central Star Field. We can’t track him down at the moment. According to the current situation, he might have entered the anti-shielded safe house. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have disappeared so completely.”

Tu Chengshan had a dark expression. The first target was Yan Wuyu, and the second was Yanzi. They were the most important targets, but they had all disappeared.

It was simply..

“Continue tracking. Don’t stop. Report to me immediately if you find anything! I dont believe that they can still hide in the safe house and not come out.” After saying that, Tu Chengshan looked at the third old man. “What about Target Three?”

“Chief, we are locating Target Number Three.” There was an extremely large spiritual diagram in front of Old Man Number Three. He sensed and compared the spiritual diagram as he corrected the location.

“Locating? Isn’t he on Planet White Mountain?” Tu Chengshan said anxiously. The third target was Bing Zhen. The previous preliminary information said that he was still on Planet White Mountain.

“Chief, just now, the Earth Spirit in Target Three’s body blinked. It should have passed through the quantum teleportation channel and left Planet White Mountain. Currently, it’s still in the Central Star Field. It’s locating a specific planet. Please wait a moment.’

In the next moment, Tu Chengshan cursed at the Ling Inquiry Disk that had been maintaining its communication device. “Tu Qianshan, what are you doing? Bing Zhen had already escaped Planet White Mountain. Could you be any more stupid? Report in detail. I want all relevant information related to the pressure test on Planet White Mountain.”

Tu Qianshan, who was rushing to the second quantum teleportation tunnel with all his might, had a bitter expression. “Chief, it’s very likely that Bing Zhen left through the second quantum teleportation tunnel on Planet White Mountain. However, according to the garrison on Planet White Mountain, he has already ordered the second quantum teleportation tunnel to be closed. I’m rushing over now. If he can pass through here and leave, it’s very likely that Bing Zhen has fled to Planet Changlin..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1