Chapter 1791: Confidentiality Chief’S Pursuit And The Last Two Steps Of Homecoming (3)

Chapter 1791: Confidentiality Chief’s Pursuit and The Last Two Steps of Homecoming (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Planet Changlin?” Tu Chengshan’s expression suddenly became gloomy. As the confidential chief of the Second Master, he was naturally clear about the information on Planet Changlin. This was one of the most important territories of the Sixth Master’s business. The people here were not people he could command with just a word.

“Build an emergency quantum teleportation channel to Planet Changlin immediately. Two! Order Team Four, Team Five, Team Six, Team Seven, and the Mountain Attack Team to set off immediately and head for Planet Changlin.” Tu Chengshan gave the order.

“Issue an urgent wanted order to tne General Otnce ot Planet cnangnn In my name through the Sanctuary Security Division. The wanted person is Bing Zhen,” Tu Chengshan ordered.

Just as the confidentiality chief, Tu Chengshan, finished giving the order, the old man who had been tracking the aura of Target Number Three also nodded at Tu Chengshan.

“Chief Tu, Target Number Three is indeed on Planet Changlin of the Central Star Field. He is currently moving at high speed. However, I have to personally reach Planet Changlin to sense where he is and the direction of his movement,” Tu Lisan, who was tracking, said.

“Okay, come with me to Planet Changlin later. This goal is very important.” Tu Chengshan had a gloomy expression. Yan Wuyu and Yanzi had escaped, and to them, the truly important targets were Yan Wuyu and Yanzi. The current situation was to capture the third target, Bing Zhen, at all costs. Then, he would interrogate Bing Zhen and capture Yan Wuyu.

The importance of a multi-person quantum teleportation channel had been displayed at this moment. If it was a multi-quantum teleportation array core, they only needed to structure a multi-person quantum teleportation channel at this moment. Not only would it be convenient, but it would also save them a lot of money. Even though Tu Chengshan and the others had a large number of quantum array cores that they urgently used, they had to consume a large amount of money every year.

“Chief Tu, we have just confirmed that the four multi-person quantum teleportation channels that Yan Wuyu had previously established for the pressure test have all been destroyed. The two quantum teleportation channels that Yan Wuyu and Yanzi escaped through have also been destroyed,” Tu Qianshan reported.

“Trash!” Tu Chengshan cursed and asked, “Where are the others?”

This question made the corner of Tu Qianshan’s mouth turn even more bitter. He knew what Tu Chengshan was asking. Tu Chengshan was asking about the last hope of researching the cores of a multi-person quantum teleportation array—Can Li and Yan Jiuqu.

This was the last resort of the cautious Second Master and Tu Chengshan.

Even if there was a problem with Yan Wuyu, as long as there were no problems with his technical principles, as long as they spent time in the future, Can Li and Yan Jiuqu could either reverse-engineer or research and develop a multi-person teleportation quantum array core.

This was the fundamental reason why Second Master insisted on Can Li and Yan Jiuqu participating.

But now…

“Chief Tu, Yan Jiuqu has already been killed by Bing Zhen. His soul has dissipated, and Can Li has mysteriously disappeared. His corpse has not been seen, but it’s very likely that he has also been killed by Bing Zhen!”

“You guys!” Tu Chengshan roared angrily. In an instant, he was so angry that he did not know how to curse.

Under the heavy protection and surveillance of the seven Nine Satellites Planetary realms, nothing was protected. Although Tu Qianshan and the other two Nine Satellites had been tricked to death by Yan Wuyu, his performance this time was too incompetent.

Tu Chengshan didn’t even know how to explain the current situation to Second Master. Only he knew how much Second Master was looking forward to the multi-person teleportation quantum array core.

“Hurry to Planet Changlin immediately. Capture Bing Zhen at all costs. This is your last chance.” Tu Chengshan suppressed his anger and gave the order.

At the same time, this was also the last chance to salvage the situation.

On Planet Changlin, Xu Tui was quickly flying toward the defense base of the cosmic tunnel.

Planet Changlin was very large. The gravity was more than twice that of the Blue Star. This caused Xu Tui’s flying speed to decrease exponentially. Despite that, he still flew toward his target at a constant speed. Under normal circumstances, it would take some time for Planet White Mountain to discover his whereabouts.

By the time they realized that Xu Tui had probably entered the cosmic tunnel. However, Xu Tui suddenly received Ah Huang’s warning after flying for less than two minutes. “Xu Tui, just now, the Planetary Commander’s Office on Planet Changlin issued a wanted order for you to the various bases. They’ve already discovered that you’re here on Planet Changlin.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“They’ve already discovered that I’m here on Planet Changlin? So fast? Is the arrest warrant confirmed?” Xu Tui instantly frowned.

Xu Tui made a judgment in an instant. Second Master might really have an accurate tracking method on him. This would be troublesome. At the same time, Xu Tui already knew how much time he had. According to Yan Wuyu, the fastest time for the inner hall of the Sanctuary to set up an emergency quantum teleportation channel was six minutes.

Only a few people could achieve this speed. Most of the time, it would take more than 12 minutes. But the architects who served Second Master and the others would definitely be able to do it within 10 minutes.

Six to ten minutes.

In an instant, Xu Tui began to teleport again. His teleportation distance this time was 100 kilometers. At this distance, he consumed even less mind power. Under the current circumstances, Xu Tui had to maintain his mind power at all times. If he really could not get rid of the tracking method, Xu Tui would have to face a high-intensity continuous battle. He had to plan it well..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1