Chapter 1795: The Arrangement Of Feng Ye (3)

Chapter 1795: The Arrangement of Feng Ye (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui realized that not only were there people from the Spiritual Race in this army, but there were also a large number of vassals of the Spiritual Race. Half of them were vassals.

According to what Tu Chengshan had vaguely revealed previously, the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan were conducting a joint military operation against the solar system. The number of troops gathered by the three races had to exceed six million.

It might even be close to 10 million!

Oh my god! What kind of military operation was this?

Xu Tui only thought about this question for three seconds before he gave up. He also gave up on tracking. He would not be able to stop the military operation against the solar system organized by an army of nearly 10 million. Even if hundreds of thousands of Spiritual Race soldiers or three to five Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts rushed into the solar system, the Blue Star would be finished.

Xu Tui was not a savior.

Currently, he only had one thought in his mind. He would follow the direction of the solar system in the cosmic tunnel and find the place where the cosmic tunnel of the Milky Way was blocked by the high-temperature fire screen. He would teleport back to the solar system and bring the Worldly Expeditionary Force home.

If these million troops really charged into the solar system, then even if the Blue Star Expeditionary Force died in battle, they would die in their hometown and their heroic spirits would return!

Due to the extremely small size of the solar system, the cosmic tunnel was almost a line. However, the cosmic tunnel in the Milky Way felt like it was curved. Furthermore, it had branches. It was extremely easy to get lost without guidance.

However, Xu Tui had done his detailed homework before he came.

Previously, he had not taken over the various defense bases on the Spiritual Race Planet with Ah Huang for nothing. This included Ah Huang, who had been collecting information on the Spiritual Race’s quantum network for a long time. It had gained a lot.

In the cosmic tunnel, the sense of direction was extremely weak. However, the Spiritual Race had used their own methods to indicate the location of the cosmic tunnel over the years. Using the nodes of the various cosmic tunnels as markers, the basic directions of passage were indicated through artificial guards and markers that could be left in the cosmic tunnels.

It would definitely not indicate the direction of the high-temperature fire screen.

However, Xu Tui had a way. The Spiritual Race’s star map would mark the solar system. In that case, the distance between the various planets and the solar system would be marked. A very small number of these planets had cosmic tunnel nodes.

In theory, Xu Tui only needed to find these planets that were closer to the solar system and had cosmic tunnel nodes to find the direction of the high-temperature fire screen in the cosmic tunnel. Moreover, although the cosmic tunnel was wide, it would not take long to explore it.

At the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Changlin, Xu Tui roughly identified the direction and walked down the cosmic tunnel. Among them, no one asked about Xu Tui’s identity after an officer checked his identity.

Originally, he wanted to leave directly. However, he saw six Planetary realm commanders of the Extreme Branch. The mind power of the Extreme Branch was relatively weak. Xu Tui’s School of Radiation Influence ability could affect it silently.

Thus, Xu Tui slowed down. He activated his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, Spiritual Concealment, and advanced hypnosis at the same time. In an instant, he silently controlled the Extreme Branch division commander of the vassal race. “I’ll ask and you’ll answer. You don’t have to make a sound. You just have to think of an answer in your heart.”

“Understood.”

Xu Tui had spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation, so he could interrogate them without anyone noticing. “Where is the destination of your military operations?

“I don’t know.”

“Then how are you going to advance?”

“The messengers of the commander at the front will continuously guide us to the gathering point.”

Xu Tui was stunned. Even a division-level military unit did not know their destination. This…

Although the commander was a vassal, wasn’t this level of confidentiality too high? He asked a few more questions, but he did not obtain any valuable information. Xu Tui looked at the marching team that was like a dragon and sped up to leave.

If he wanted to know the final destination of this team, he had to infiltrate this team and follow them all the way. However, it was obvious that this team was going in the opposite direction of Xu Tui.

Moreover, Xu Tui did not have such thoughts. Now, he wanted to bring the Worldly Expeditionary Force back to the Blue Star. If the three races really organized an army of nearly 10 million to charge into the solar system, Xu Tui would only have one last thought.

He would use the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in his hand to leave behind the last group of survivors for the Blue Star humans, or rather, the Huaxia humans.

Then, Xu Tui followed the plan he had confirmed previously and quickly moved forward in the cosmic tunnel. However, what Xu Tui did not know was that more than ten minutes after he began to advance quickly in the cosmic tunnel, Tu Chengshan had also gathered a large number of people.

“Chief Tu, the target should have escaped in this direction.” Tu Sanli, who was tracking, closed his eyes and sensed for a few seconds. He instantly pointed in the direction where Xu Tui had escaped.

“Let’s go and chase after him”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1