Chapter 1797: Pounce Expert And Two Heads Blocked (2)

Chapter 1797: Pounce Expert and Two Heads Blocked (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the cosmic tunnel, everyone’s mind power and various perception abilities were suppressed by the natural power of the cosmic tunnel. It was only when Xu Tui was five kilometers away from the blocked light screen that the guards in the blocked light screen noticed Xu Tui with their naked eyes.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui did not deliberately hide himself. If he had deliberately hidden himself in the shadows of the cosmic tunnel and approached, he would have to be three to four kilometers away.

“Who is it?” someone shouted from one of the towers.

Xu Tui could not sense this person’s cultivation even though his mental perception was suppressed. Currently, his mental perception radius is about seven kilometers. Under normal circumstances, he could only sense a radius of about 700 meters in the cosmic tunnel.

However, Xu Tui realized that when he activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the seal of the Star Lord Ji Shui that had been completely refined, the power of these seals seemed to be able to resist or resolve the natural pressure of the cosmic tunnel.

His mental perception range could expand to a certain extent after he activated the seals of the Longevity Emperor, the Ji Shui Star Lord, the Huo De Star Lord, and Lord Nandou.

Under normal circumstances, he would only be able to activate two seals, mainly the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the seal of the Ji Shui Star Lord. The distance of Xu Tui’s mental perception could roughly

double.

If he activated all the seals, Xu Tui’s mental perception range would at most double. However, that would be more distracting.

But it was also Xu Tui’s advantage if he used it at the critical moment.

Xu Tui slowly approached the screen of light 2,000 meters away. The guard opposite him could not sense his aura. He could sense the guard’s aura when he activated the seal.

Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui would have taken the risk if it was just the Planetary realm of the Seven Satellites.

Could he rush over? Could he kill them?

However, Xu Tui threw this thought away five seconds later. Five seconds later, when he was 1,300 meters away, five figures appeared on the five towers that blocked the light screen. Every figure was in the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. At the same time, a figure appeared in a place that looked like a door at the center of the blocked light screen. It was Nine Satellites.

“Who is it? What are you doing here?” The person who asked was the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui revealed his identity as a jade core. “I have nothing to do, so I came to take a look at the legendary High -Temperature Fire Screen of the solar system.”

The Nine Satellites guarding this place stared coldly at Xu Tui and said, “This place is temporarily under military control. If you want to sightsee, come back in the future.”

Xu Tui quickly squeezed out a fawning smile when he heard that. “Sir, I’m even more curious if I can’t see you. May I ask how long the military is in charge here?”

“I don’t know.” Nine Satellites, who was guarding the door, glanced at Xu Tui angrily. Then, he waved at Xu Tui impatiently. “If there’s nothing else, leave quickly. Don’t cause trouble here.”

“Sir, please reveal something. It’s not easy for people like us who have not entered the Sanctuary to swim through the cosmic tunnel.” Xu Tui made a request.

This question annoyed Nine Satellites. He glared and scolded, “Who should I ask if you ask me? If you want to know, ask Elder Mu Sheng if you have the ability! Get lost quickly. If you continue to talk, take it first.”

Xu Tui retreated continuously when he heard that. An indescribable decadence welled up in his heart. He roughly understood the cosmic tunnel blockade screen set up by the 13th Main Seat Elder of the Spiritual Race, Mu Sheng.

Xu Tui did not know about the internal affairs of the Spiritual Race, but Yan Wuyu, Can Li, and the others did. Previously, during the test on Planet White Mountain, Can Li had been Xu Tui’s expert at gathering information.

The mystery of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had disappeared. The 13th main elder, Mu Sheng, was still in the process of tracking and encircling them. Although the deadline was not up, Mu Sheng was still facing another major responsibility.

The collapse of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been destroyed in Mu Sheng’s hands. Then, Mu Sheng would have to connect to the solar system again and personally pass through the solar system to set up a new intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Although the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system was weaker than a hundred years ago, the difficulty was still the same. It had to be known that a hundred years ago, it was achieved with the help of the Holy Ancestor. Now, although it had greatly decreased, it was still very dangerous.

Under such circumstances, it was basically impossible to barge through here.

Even if he teleported through the blocked light screen, it would not work. Even Xu Tui had to choose a location if he wanted to teleport through the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen. This could not be done in an instant.

Therefore, this path was blocked.

The onlv thing that made Xu Tui feel gratified was that since the Spiritual Race was still trying to set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel to the solar system, they did not have a direct channel to the solar system.

This made Xu Tui even more curious. Since they had not found a direct tunnel to the solar system, what did the Spiritual Race want to do with an army of millions?

Xu Tui had no choice but to return the way he came. However, the frustration in his heart was indescribable. This road home was blocked. The path that was originally the most unlikely to appear was actually blocked!

Xu Tui had never considered this problem before. Currently, he only has two choices. He had to think of a way to attack or find a new way.

From the looks of it, attacking forcefully was the last resort.

There should be more than one Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator behind this sealing light screen. This sealing light screen should also have a powerful defensive function. If he could not break through it in one go, he would immediately face an endless stream of reinforcements from the Spiritual Race and be surrounded..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1