Chapter 1798: Pounce Expert And Two Heads Blocked (3)

Chapter 1798: Pounce Expert and Two Heads Blocked (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He confirmed a new plan—to find the other end. He had to find another port between the solar system and the cosmic tunnel of the Milky Way.

This port must exist. In the middle of the port was definitely the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system. However, it would probably take a long time to find it. Of course, the cosmic tunnels were not as boundless as the universe. Xu Tui estimated that he would be able to explore most of them in three to five days if everything went smoothly.

The only problem was that it was easier to be exposed by wandering in the cosmic passageway. There were also pursuers.

Soon, Xu Tui adjusted his mood and came up with a search plan. In theory, as long as he followed the other direction of the main tunnel of the cosmic tunnel and continued to explore, the possibility of finding the other end of the tunnel would be very high.

However, there was another possibility. What if it led to the intergalactic system?

Soon, Xu Tui determined the plan. He would first explore along the main road of the cosmic tunnel. If necessary, he would capture a captive and ask him. If he really could not, he would consider attacking the blockade.

Fifteen minutes later, five figures going against the current suddenly appeared in his line of sight.

Why did he say that it was going against the current?

This was because the vast Spiritual Race army was advancing towards the top of the cosmic tunnel. These five figures were facing downwards. At this moment, it was very obvious.

Xu Tui instinctively moved a little closer to the Spiritual Race army. He could be considered to be leaning against the edge of the army. He was not that eye-catching.

From afar, Xu Tui activated the seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the Ji Shui Star Lord, and the others to expand the range of his mental perception in the cosmic tunnel to 2,000 meters.

Earth-element!

The five of them had a thick earth-element aura.

They were chasers! Xu Tui was instantly certain. Xu Tui slowly circulated his mind Dower. The divine light of the Longevitv EmDeror Seal of the South Pole

had already been injected into the main planet of mind power. The divine light of the Star Lord Ji Shui Seal had already been injected into the new star of the Blizzard Domain.

The Ice Array Sword was ready. His left eye under the helmet of his combat uniform began to form a black and white vortex. The divine demon abnormality was already prepared.

Xu Tui was hesitating. Should he launch a pounce in advance? Among the team in front of him, there were three Nine Satellites Planetary realms. The aura of one of them was very familiar.

Soon, Xu Tui determined that he was Tu Chengshan.

Tu Chengshan, the confidentiality chief! Xu Tui was shocked that this guy had personally come to chase after him. He instantly gave up on the idea of a pounce and changed his strategy. Once there was an abnormality, he would immediately teleport away with all his might.

In the cosmic tunnel, although teleportation was also suppressed, it was still much faster than flying speed. However, when they were nearly 1,000 meters away, Tu Chengshan and the others still did not look at Xu Tui.

This was because most of them were wearing the same combat uniform. It was difficult to tell with the naked eye. At 500 meters, the five of them still did not look at Xu Tui.

This surprised Xu Tui. Their tracking secret technique did not seem to be very effective. The two sides passed each other with a distance of about 700 meters between them.

Xu Tui went up, and they went down. He felt an indescribable sense of absurdity. The enemy chasing after him had passed by him and did not notice him. Tu Chengshan and the others continued to descend. When the vertical distance between the two sides was 700 meters, Tu Chengshan and the others suddenly stopped.

The person who stopped them was an old man who was protected by four people. He was the tracking expert with the strongest tracking ability, Tu Sanli. “Chief Tu, that’s not right.”

“What’s wrong?”

“Just now, I sensed that the aura of the third Earth Spirit that I was tracking suddenly became stronger. The aura of the Earth Spirit in front of me suddenly became weaker. The target might be nearby,” Tu Sanli said.

“Doesn’t that mean…” Tu Chengshan’s expression suddenly changed.

Tu Chengshan suddenly realized that they might have brushed past the enemy just now. In an instant, the aura around Tu Chengshan surged as he looked up.

Xu Tui, who had vaguely heard these words, instantly activated it. He fled upward at full speed. His escape was a stark contrast to the army advancing at a low speed.

Tu Chengshan immediately realized that the person who had escaped was his target, Bing Zhen. They gave chase immediately!

Tu Chengshan waved his hand. He and the other three Planetary realm experts chased after Xu Tui at full speed. Tu Chengshan turned into a yellow light and was extremely fast. It was more than double the speed of the other Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

At this rate, he would soon catch up to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui immediately teleported while he was in shock. The moment Tu Chengshan and the others chased after them, the tracking expert, Tu Sanli, also carefully activated a defensive light screen and slowly caught up.

He was not strong in battle, but he was very careful. Five seconds later, Tu Sanli suddenly felt his vision blur. The person who had been chased by Chief Tu suddenly appeared in front of him. This was the Origin Crystal powder that Xu Tui had planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker when he fled. He, who had fled far away, instantly teleported back through the status of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

Xu Tui had made up his mind to kill this tracking expert from the beginning. Otherwise, he would probably not have the time to search for a tunnel in the next few days. Instead, he would have to face continuous pursuit.

The moment the two sides passed each other just now, Xu Tui had already realized that the tracking secret technique on Tu Chengshan’s side had probably been affected in the cosmic tunnel. It was not too effective..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1