Chapter 1799: Pounce Expert And Two Heads Blocked (4)

Chapter 1799: Pounce Expert and Two Heads Blocked (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment he teleported back, Xu Tui’s Ice Array Sword instantly condensed and blasted toward the tracking expert, Tu Sanli.

“Chief, save…” Tu Sanli instantly crushed all his life-saving methods and shouted for help.

However, the Ice Array Sword was a method that could kill a true Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert. Tu Sanli’s life-saving method was not enough. In an instant, Tu Sanli was frozen into an ice sculpture. Xu Tui took a step forward. The ice sculpture shattered, and Tu Sanli’s mental body appeared.

The Spirit Sealing Array and the mental hammer blasted out at the same time. In a second, Tu Sanli’s mental body shattered on the spot.

Instant kill!

It was worth mentioning that a few hundred meters away, there were probably more than 10,000 troops in the Spiritual Race and dozens of Planetary realm experts. However, at this moment, they were all watching the show.

No one stopped him. Even after Xu Tui killed Tu Sanli, they were still watching the show. They were still commenting. They were a very standard crowd.

Tu Chengshan, who was chasing after him, also noticed the problem. He turned into a yellow light and turned around to chase after them. Xu Tui’s attention instantly landed on the Spiritual Magnetic Marker that he had placed above the cosmic tunnel when he saw the yellow light approaching.

After Tu Chengshan caught up, he teleported and instantly disappeared. Then, he quickly fled upward.

“Bastard!” Looking at the disappearing Bing Zhen, then looking at the killed tracking expert, Tu Sanli, he could not even catch a trace of his mental body’s aura. Tu Chengshan was furious. He felt like he had been tricked.

Looking at the tens of thousands of spectators at the side, Tu Chengshan was even more furious! He killed a guy who was still laughing and pointing. He was so angry! This group of military men actually thought that it was an internal vendetta.

It was so…!

However, these things could not be explained in a few words. After killing the most out of line bystander to vent his anger, Tu Chengshan could only continue to chase after him with the others.

Tu Chengshan also knew the secret technique of tracking earth spirits.

However, the problem was that his tracking technique was far inferior to Tu Sanli’s. It was still useful outside the cosmic tunnel, but in the cosmic tunnel, it was too suppressed. He could barely track it in one direction and was not very useful.

But at this moment, he could only chase after them. Not long after, Tu

Chengshan passed through another cosmic tunnel node and headed to a planet. He gave an order to the other two tracking experts on the Sacred Spiritual Planet to gather with them.

This was because Tu Chengshan knew very well that without the help of the tracking experts, they could only track in the general direction of Bing Zhen in the cosmic tunnel. He would not even be able to notice when he passed by Bing Zhen again.

Therefore, he had to mobilize tracking experts to gather. This might waste some time, but it was necessary. While the tracking experts were gathering to reassemble the tracking team, Xu Tui followed the cosmic tunnel all the way up.

Xu Tui even changed into a combat uniform. However, after running for an hour, he did not discover any pursuers. It seemed that his strategy of taking the risk to kill the tracking expert was correct. Therefore, he was no longer anxious. He pinched the Soul Crystal in his hand to recover his mind power as he moved above the cosmic tunnel.

The higher they went, the more troops the Spiritual Race had, and the more supply troops there were. Four hours later, Xu Tui noticed Tu Qianshan and the others. However, Tu Qianshan did not notice him. The two sides passed each other.

Xu Tui calmed down and continued to explore. However, the higher he went, the more Spiritual Race armies there were. It was also because of the gathered armies that they did not have any more interrogations.

Five hours later, Xu Tui suddenly stopped. He was also stunned. The wide cosmic tunnel ahead was actually sealed off by a dense army of the Spiritual

Race.

He was blocked again!

He was blocked at both ends!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1