Chapter 1800: The Real Target Of The Million Army Of The Spiritual Race (1)

Chapter 1800: The Real Target of the Million Army of the Spiritual Race (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

If there were more than 10,000 soldiers, there would be no end to it. If there were more than 100,000 soldiers, the world would be in chaos.

This was a sentence that was commonly seen in many ancient military books on the Blue Star. Xu Tui had read it many times, but he did not have a deep understanding.

Even in the extra-terrestrial of the solar system, after integrating the Worldly Demon Slayers and becoming the commander-in-chief of the extra- terrestrial forces of the Blue Star to a certain extent, even though he had seen it in various reports, the intergalactic warriors stationed in the extra-terrestrial of the Blue Star had already exceeded 200,000, and the interstellar migration had already exceeded five million, he had never seen so many people gathered together.

However, Xu Tui had really seen it in this cosmic tunnel in the Milky Way. The cosmic tunnel here was three to four kilometers wide. At this moment, it was still tightly blocked. Even with Xu Tui’s powerful eyesight, he could not see the end.

The army gathered here had already blocked more than ten kilometers.

Under normal circumstances, the cosmic tunnel would not be blocked like this. There was only one possibility. They had arrived at the planet where the army was gathered. Compared to the wide cosmic tunnels, it was at most three to four people passing through the nodes of the cosmic tunnels leading to various planets at the same time.

It was normal for the army to be blocked here.

Should he go to this planet to explore? He might be able to investigate and find out about the military plan of the Spiritual Race to mobilize millions of troops. Of course, the danger and difficulty were extremely great.

Xu Tui gave up on this dangerous thought after he thought about it. Now, bringing the Blue Star Expeditionary Force home was the first factor. Even if he died, he would die in the solar system.

If the nearly 10 million troops gathered by the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan really charged into the solar system, Xu Tui would be able to preserve enough fire seeds for the Blue Star.

If there was enough time, they could even immigrate a large number of Huaxia humans. In that case, if this was the first factor, he had to think of a way to pass through the blockade of the endless army.

At first glance, it was very difficult. However, if one analyzed it carefully, it was still very feasible. The gathering of the army happened to be Xu Tui’s chance. If there were only tens of thousands of elite troops gathered here, Xu Tui would not be able to escape.

However, it was obvious that the Spiritual Race army gathered here came from various planets and even vassal races. More importantly, all the technological communication devices in the cosmic tunnel were ineffective. Even the Ling Inquiry Disk was useless.

The natural suppression of the cosmic tunnel made the modern military management system of the Spiritual Race completely ineffective. Here, command became extremely chaotic. They could only rely on the commanders of the various forces to command and pass down orders.

Of course, after so many years, the Spiritual Race also had some ways to contact each other in the cosmic tunnel. It was only limited to emergency warnings. They still could not communicate remotely.

This way, Xu Tui’s chance would come.

Xu Tui, who was already wearing the Spiritual Race’s combat uniform, mixed into the army that was crowding the cosmic tunnel and kept moving forward.

Not long after, he found his target. He hypnotized a regiment commander who was only at the third level of the Planetary realm and even took away his badge. At the same time, he learned the details of this army.

Then, Xu Tui walked forward in the cosmic tunnel. How should he put it? The elites of the Spiritual Race army gathered here were all different. Some of the military phalanxes were orderly. Even though they were waiting here, they still maintained a military phalanx. Military law was strict.

Xu Tui took the initiative to stay away when he saw such a formation. If he went up to such an elite force, he would definitely be investigated. Moreover, he would not be able to easily get away with it.

Xu Tui moved forward. Most of the troops that looked messy and had complicated personnel would not investigate him. He made an excuse to look for the higher-ups and see if he could enter the planet in advance. If that was the case, Xu Tui would pass.

Occasionally, Xu Tui would give out some specialties of the Spiritual Race, such as drinks. These things were all the stockpiles of the defensive bases that the Worldly Expeditionary Force had destroyed previously. Moreover, because they could not bring much, they had brought high-end rare goods.

It was as if he could casually give it away and they would immediately become brothers. Of course, the Spiritual Race language that Xu Tui had learned from Yanzi during this period of time was also very useful.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui obtained a lot of detailed information. In front of him, they were indeed queuing to enter a cosmic tunnel node ahead. The planet that the node of this cosmic tunnel led to was called Planet Green River. It was a planet under the jurisdiction of the Seventh Star Road in the Southern Star Field and was considered a relatively remote planet.

However, in terms of location, it was a little better than Asteroid 677.

In the Spiritual Race, planets ranked in the sequence were much inferior to planets with names.

Currently, this was already the 15th day of mobilizing an army to Planet Green River. As the ability to pass through the cosmic tunnel node was limited, even if it did not stop day and night, there would only be about 150,000 people a day on the transit planet, including the supplies.

Many troops had been waiting here for three to four days. There had been several armed battles.

According to this number, there were already more than two million troops of the Spiritual Race that had entered Planet Green River. The final army gathered might be about three million. Of course, it might be more.

Although most of the soldiers were at the Transmutation Realm and Planetary realms did not even occupy 1%, it was still terrifying..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1