Chapter 602 - 602 You’Re So Naive (1)

602 You’re So Naive (1)

The battle recordings of Yanzi were not from a bird’s eye view. They were all taken from the perspective of the combatants’ personal communication devices. They had also been processed through a certain level of technical synthesis. It did not look as shocking as it did at the scene. However, they still broke out in cold sweat.

The elites who could be gathered by Zhu Lang and Li Zhen to watch battle videos and study battle tactics had the ability to see the essence of things through the basic phenomena.

The first key point was that Yanzi had the ability to instantly kill a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator. Furthermore, she had the ability to kill several people in a second. She could easily kill at least three Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators at once.

The second key point was that Yanzi’s combat distance was very far! From the battle recording, it could be determined that Yanzi’s combat distance was at least 300 meters. That was the least. On a broader scale, Yanzi’s combat distance might be as high as 500 meters.

A terrifying existence that could instantly kill a Genetic Evolution Realm expert within a 500-meter radius. Are you afraid?

Based on this deduction, there was probably no cultivator on the entire Mars battlefield who could withstand the attack of Yanzi without any contact. The strongest person on the entire Mars battlefield was only at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

There was a battle video that indirectly proved that Yanzi’s attacks were not invincible. A Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator displayed a certain level of resistance and almost broke out of the trap.

However, he only lived a second longer than the others.

“This woman from the Spiritual Race can be said to be the key. If we kill her, there is still hope for the construction of the Second Mars Base. If we could not kill her, we would probably be defeated. Not to mention building the second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector, it was impossible to defend the second energy overflow tunnel. Even this unknown thing will fall into the hands of the extraterrestrial elites,” Zhu Lang said as he looked at the six red fire slips above his head.

Everyone present was thinking silently. A being who could instantly kill a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator. It also meant that everyone present might be instantly killed by Yanzi. In an instant, it was the difference between life and death.

No matter how knowledgeable one was and how strange one’s abilities are, what can they do to her if she doesn’t give them any chance to use it?

This was probably one of the greatest changes to human society on the Blue Star in the Great Genetic Age. The importance of an individual’s strength was infinitely increased.

Before the Great Genetic Age, no matter how strong a person was or how professional their training was, it was the limit to kill eight to ten people in this battlefield mode. But now, a supernatural-type who could kill a hundred or even a thousand people in a war was no longer a legend.

Xu Tui was also thinking. He had already strengthened the Vajra Barrier to Level 2 genetic ability chain. Could it withstand the attack of this Yanzi? He would not have cared if it was any other Genetic Evolution Realm. He would do a handstand on the spot if the Vajra Barrier, which had been strengthened to Level 2 genetic ability chain, was broken.

However, the combat strength that the Spiritual Race’s Yanzi displayed made Xu Tui feel uncertain. She was too powerful! More importantly, the battle recordings they saw were of Yanzi’s seemingly ordinary attacks.

That was not her full potential. What if this woman’s full potential was released? How strong would her combat strength be?

Xu Tui was not confident. If he was hit by this woman from afar, he would be reduced to ashes before he could do anything. That would be a huge loss!@@novelbin@@

To be honest, Xu Tui had several offensive tactics. However, none of them could be completely implemented.

There was only one reason—Yanzi could instantly kill a Genetic Evolution Realm expert!

Everyone was silent.

“I’ll lead the way. I might be able to withstand this woman’s attack!” Xiang Daoxing, who had stopped breaking through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm, was the first to speak. His current cultivation should be a level higher than the Level A Genetic Evolution Realm, but it was not much stronger.

“I’m a soldier. Charging into battle is my duty! I’ll fight with you,” Zhu Lang said with a faint smile as usual.

“I’ll wait for an opportunity to cooperate at the back. If my attack succeeds, I might be able to kill Yanzi.” This time, it was An Xiaoxue who spoke.

Then, there was a short silence. Just as Xu Tui was about to speak, another voice sounded. “Although I’m a supernatural being, I’m behind them. I’ll attract Yanzi’s firepower.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard this voice. It was Li Zhen! It was the extremely slippery Li Zhen, who was always following behind Xu Tui to take advantage.

Li Zhen chuckled when he saw Xu Tui’s stunned gaze. He then puffed out his chest and said, “I’m also a soldier.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“I’ll also participate in the frontline battles.”

“You can’t. You’re injured. You should stay at the back.” Seeing that it was Cui Xi who spoke, Zhu Lang smiled and refused.

“I think I can withstand the attack of that Yanzi!” As he spoke, Cui Xi took a step forward and the Vajra Barrier surged out. The Vajra Barrier, which was originally extremely pale, actually turned golden. It was a serious golden color!

Just as Zhu Lang was expressing his doubts, Li Zhen silently punched out. His fist had already turned into an icicle fist. It was ruthlessly pierced into Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier. The icicle fist shattered.

Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier did not even shake.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He spread his mental perception over and vaguely felt that Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier seemed to have changed a little.