Chapter 605 - 605 Just A Benefits Collaborator

605 Just a Benefits Collaborator

In outer space on Mars. A huge meteorite was rapidly approaching Mars at an extreme speed. On the meteorite, Fire Eye Number Three kept adjusting the direction of the meteorite. It was mainly because of the small meteorites and space trash. If he crashed into these things at high speed, he would be half dead even if he did not die. Therefore, although he was flying at high speed in outer space, he was actually very careful.

A small group of meteorites suddenly appeared in Fire Eye Number Three’s vision. It was composed of dozens of large meteorites. Such meteorites were very common in space. If they were lucky, a certain meteorite would be captured by a certain planet. If the quality was enough, it would become a satellite. However, most of them were either devoured by planets or fell to their destruction into certain planets.

There were only a few words to describe the meteorite cluster in outer space—not to be trifled with!

Even though Fire Eye Number Three was at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm, he still controlled the meteorite under him to avoid the meteorites from afar. At the same time, he kept trying to accelerate.

The aura of the Fire Slip that he sensed with his secret technique became stronger and stronger. The Fire Slip might have already appeared on Mars.

!!

Although the envoy had arrived, if he could rush to Mars’ outer space before the end of the battle, he would be able to get a share of the profits in the future, regardless of whether he did contribute or not.

Moreover, the reason why he could be an inspector was that he was the only Genetic Transmutation Realm expert in the entire extra-terrestrial who could attack during the energy tide on the Mars battlefield.

This was something that the position of an inspector had given him. Of course, there were also restrictions. This was also the reason why he rushed to Mars.

Fire Eye Number Three avoided the meteorite cluster from afar. However, Fire Eye Number Three’s gaze suddenly froze. He sensed a hint of danger. Almost at the same time that he sensed danger, sword lights suddenly blasted out from the asteroids diagonally opposite him.

Fire Eye Number Three’s expression changed, but he did not panic. Large patches of earth screen rose. The meteorite under his feet seemed to come to life as extremely thick stone shields rose. At the same time, an extremely sharp stone spear materialized and was ready to attack.

Just as the sword formation approached, a light flashed behind Fire Eye Number Three. Fire Eye Number Three, who had sensed the abnormality, instantly turned around. The moment he turned around, the stone shield had already spun behind him.

At the same time, the light had already enlarged infinitely and instantly pierced through Fire Eye Number Three’s head. The sword light pierced through his head and instantly surpassed the meteorite under Fire Eye Number Three. The flying speed of this sword light was much faster than the flying speed of the meteorite.

The sword formation changed at this moment. It changed from charging to blocking. It firmly blocked the flying meteorite. The rapidly flying meteorite began to decrease its speed.

Three minutes later.

Two figures flew onto the meteorite one after another. One of the men instantly retracted his sword formation and happily searched the corpse of Fire Eye Number Three. The other middle-aged man had a flying sword circling above his head. His aura was awe-inspiring.

“How unlucky. Senior Brother, he’s a pauper! We didn’t gain anything!” He Yunfeng kicked Fire Eye Number Three’s corpse with a look of disdain.

Ji Qianli, who was standing in front of the meteor, glanced at He Yunfeng. “If you don’t like it, it belongs to me. I’ll subsidize Xiaoxue.”

He Yunfeng was stunned. His look of disdain changed drastically. He quickly opened his fingers slightly, and Fire Eye Number Three’s corpse instantly disappeared. “How can I not like it! If I handed this thing in, it would be at least an A-rank flying sword! I had taken another step towards my target of the Myriad Swords,” He Yunfeng quickly said.

Ji Qianli stared at He Yunfeng. “Take it out. I haven’t taken a photo yet. I want to take a photo and take a sample to submit the mission. And you, take out 50% of the income this time to subsidize Xiaoxue.”

He Yunfeng took out Fire Eye Number Three’s corpse again. He looked at Ji Qianli and gritted his teeth. “Senior Brother, isn’t 50% a little too much? Look at my combat uniform. It’s full of patches.”

He Yunfeng lifted the customized combat uniform for Ji Qianli to see. There were patches on the combat uniform. But there were more than a thousand flying swords that were flickering and had a sharp aura. The corners of Ji Qianli’s mouth twitched. He could not wait to kick He Yunfeng off the asteroid.

The Myriad Sword Technique was a huge pit! Ever since He Yunfeng, who majored in the Myriad Sword Technique, appeared, the Genetic Miracle’s finances had become tight. It was as if they had not eaten their fill.

“In order to make up for the operations of the research institute, Xiaoxue spent a third of her year doing clearing missions on the Blue Star. Aren’t you embarrassed? Also, the new student that Xiaoxue accepted for us went to Sea Paradise to fight in the arena for the sake of cultivation. Aren’t you embarrassed?”

He Yunfeng chuckled when he heard that. “This… It’s good for young people to undergo more training.”

“Scram! Ji Qianli cursed, “When did I lack your cultivation resources when you were cultivating back then? When did I ever let you earn money and obtain cultivation resources?”

He Yunfeng’s expression froze. “Senior Brother, didn’t I do this for…”

“Alright, I know what you’re saving up for! I want it more than you do! That matter is important. But the inheritance of our Genetic Miracle is more important! Aren’t you afraid that Xiaoxue’s new student will scold you? Aren’t you embarrassed to visit him empty-handed? There’s also Bian Yuan. I wonder if he can recover this time. If he can…”

He Yunfeng was stunned when he heard that Bian Yuan could recover. “If Bian Yuan recovers, wouldn’t our Genetic Miracle have another huge pit?”

“You also know that you’re a huge pit?” Ji Qianli glared at He Yunfeng. “I told you to switch course, but you didn’t.”

“Senior Brother…” A helpless smile suddenly appeared on He Yunfeng’s face. “You were the one who guided me when I cultivated the Myriad Sword Technique. You said that Master’s Myriad Swords ability could not be lost. You tricked me…”

“But I also told you that the cost is huge.” Ji Qianli glared.

Seeing that Ji Qianli was angry, He Yunfeng instantly cowered. “Alright, alright, alright. Senior Brother, I understand! I’ll give all the gains this time to Xiaoxue. I’ll also prepare a greeting gift for that new student.”

“It’s good that you know! Alright, the mission is completed. Remember to report it. I’m going back. Be careful.” With that, the flying sword flashed and turned into a huge sword. Ji Qianli stepped on it and rode his sword into the distance, disappearing into outer space.

He Yunfeng lay on the meteorite. “A greeting gift? Xiaoxue’s student is my grand-disciple. I had to prepare a gift that could suppress him. I wonder if a larger Origin Crystal would do?”

…

Five kilometers away from the second combat circle.

Over 10,000 extraterrestrial elites had already formed a combat team. The Black Eagle was stepping on a floating mechanical spirit beast as he carried out the final mobilization and preparations before the battle. At the same time, he was also waiting for the arrival of the envoy of the Sacred Spiritual Race.

Within a five-kilometer radius of the energy overflow tunnel, the technological weapons of the Blue Star humans had already lost their effectiveness. Therefore, the extraterrestrial elites dared to gather openly.

On the crater, the Blue Star humans were also making their final preparations. The command of the battlefield had been handed over to Feng Xuanbiao. However, Feng Xuanbiao only had absolute command over the elites of the Huaxia Sector. He could only indirectly command and issue relevant military orders to the heads of these alliances for other elites from the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector.

There would definitely be a discount on the implementation. To put it more bluntly, the Huaxia Sector will definitely be fighting a tough battle! As allies, the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector could fight a smooth battle or defend their positions. It was impossible to attack and defend with their lives.

After all, the benefits were distributed there.

The assault team formed by Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Cui Xi, An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui, and the others had already slowly mixed into the crowd and spread out. This was Zhu Lang’s opinion, as well as Xu Tui’s.

The combat power of the woman called Yanzi who had instantly killed a Genetic Evolution Realm expert was too strong. The assault team should not gather together. It would attract too much attention. They did not want to be wiped out!

At the same time, the upper echelons of the various sectors were also engaged in the final game.

The deputy director of the Genetic Committee of the European Sector, Doge Antheus, also secretly contacted the India Sector. “Mr. Nilab, there’s news that will affect the success of the Mars base of the India Sector. I think you need to know about it.”

Two people selling him similar information in a row attracted Nilab’s attention.

“Maiponeo told me the same thing, but I refused!” Nilab said.

“That’s a pity. Maiponeo’s information and mine are probably the same.” Doge Antheus smiled.@@novelbin@@

“Are you serious?”

“There’s no need to lie to you! Without this information, your Mars base still has a chance of being successfully built. However, it’s also very likely that you will fail because of this factor!”

“What are the chances?”

“Personally, I think it’s 80%.”

Hearing this, Nilab fell silent. Stability was the most important thing for a qualified leader. “How much do you want?” After a moment of silence, Nilab felt that the India Sector could withstand another failure to establish a Mars base, but he could not! He was fully in charge of this operation. If he failed, his status would probably be greatly shaken.

“How much did Maiponeo want?”

“Thirty percent! But I refused!” Nilab said.

“Then I want twenty percent. If you agree, we have a deal,” Doge Antheus said.

Twenty percent of the shares were already within Nilab’s tolerance. After some thought, Nilab returned another price. “Fifteen percent.”

“Sure, deal!” Without any hesitation, Doge Antheus agreed.

Nilab was more or less a little stunned by how readily Doge Antheus made the deal. “Why?”

“It’s not in line with the interests of our European Sector! We prefer to see many heroes standing side by side, not one family dominating!”

“Aren’t you allies?” Nilab laughed.

Hearing this, Doge Antheus laughed. “We are not allies! We were just collaborators of benefits! Now, I think that your India Sector needs a Mars base,” Doge Antheus said.

“The most fundamental reason is that we are naturally on opposite sides, right?” Nilab asked.

Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the European Genetic Committee, smiled but did not say anything.

“Alright, deal!” Nilab agreed readily!

…

At the same time, Wei Bin also received a call from Maiponeo.

“Old friend, I think that you need reinforcements in the second origin energy combat circle! I have 3,000 elites on my side. They are already on their way to reinforce you.”

“Is that so?” Wei Bin smiled. “Then I have to thank you for your kind intentions! However, I wonder if they can make it in time to participate in the battle?”

“This… They should be able to make it in time.”

“I hope so! Mr. Maiponeo, if the elites of your America Sector can kill Yanzi, we will give you 10% of the new base that is about to be built! At the same time, I allow you to send people to study the six fire slips!” Wei Bin said.

Maiponeo was speechless.

At the same time, a Genetic Evolution Realm expert from the India Sector suddenly appeared in Area 30 of Mars. “I’m in Area 30. The coordinates are…”

“Roger that, Sir Itavi. I’ll be right there.”

In less than five minutes, an Aerospace Combat Jet flew closer. It carried this Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator from the India Sector and rushed to the crater where the second energy overflow tunnel was.

Under the crater in Area 24, Yanzi had arrived.

The battle was about to begin!