Chapter 608 - 608 Fiery Meteor Shower And An Xiaoxue’S New Ability (3)

608 Fiery Meteor Shower and An Xiaoxue’s New Ability (3)

“Protect the Lord!” Cancheng shouted and pushed out his hands like a circle. An extremely thick screen of flames instantly faced the silver light. However, just as Cancheng thought that he could block it, a silver light suddenly flashed and disappeared!

It instantly appeared in front of Yanzi.

Whoosh! It blasted in.

Luo Hu’s expression changed slightly. Yanzi, who was activating the Fiery Meteor Shower, frowned slightly. But she was sneering. The flame of the small candle in front of her spat out slightly, and a screen of fire instantly covered Yanzi’s entire body.

Bang bang bang bang!

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion was blocked.

Xu Tui was stunned. An Xiaoxue had failed. However, it was also at this moment that An Xiaoxue suddenly said to Xu Tui, “Accept my mind power!”

Just as Xu Tui was confused, An Xiaoxue’s mind power suddenly wrapped around Xu Tui’s mental hammer that was smashing down.

At this moment, it was the turn of Luo Hu to defend against Xu Tui’s mental hammer. Luo Hu combined his invisible mental shield with his unique fire domain and used a large semi-transparent circle of fire to protect Yanzi.

After being hammered a few times, he already had experience. This time, he believed that he could withstand the hammer without staggering.

Countless sparks appeared in the sky of the crater, condensed, and spun. The meteor shower was about to be completed.

However, in the next moment, Luo Hu’s expression suddenly became a little strange. It was gone!@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s mental hammer had disappeared. He could clearly sense Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashing down. Only then did he take the initiative to block Xu Tui’s mental hammer for Lord Yanzi. However, the mental hammer that he had just sensed suddenly disappeared. Then, the missing mental hammer suddenly appeared!

Luo Hu’s expression instantly changed. Xu Tui’s mental hammer appeared within his mental shield defense circle. It seemed to have passed through and jumped onto Lord Yanzi’s head.

“Be careful, Sir!” Cancheng shouted!

Bang! The mental hammer landed heavily on Yanzi’s head.

Yanzi swayed. She did not fall! A small portion of the dense flames in the sky of the crater dissipated, but most of them were still there.

“Again!” An Xiaoxue’s voice rang out.

Xu Tui swung his mental hammer down again. The moment he swung it down, a water-like mind power enveloped Xu Tui’s mental hammer. That feeling was extremely comfortable. It was as if he was being hugged by An Xiaoxue. Unfortunately, the one being hugged was a hammer!

In the next moment, the expressions of Luo Hu and Cancheng changed drastically again. Xu Tui’s mental hammer once again passed through the defense that they had jointly put up and smashed down.

This time, the target of An Xiaoxue’s mental hammer was not Yanzi. Instead, it was the small flame lamp in front of Yanzi.

Bang! The small flame lamp trembled violently. The flames surged and spat out a few meters into the air. The small flame lamp did not turn over. However, the state that seemed to have fused with Yanzi instantly dissipated.

Yanzi and the small flame lamp were split into two. As the flames spewed out, the dancing bud between Yanzi’s brows suddenly froze. Her face turned pale, and blood seeped out of the corner of her mouth.

In the sky, the flames that had already condensed into substance and started to rapidly dissipate. In an instant, the flames that had enveloped the entire crater melted like snow.

Xu Tui, who had his mental hammer taken over by An Xiaoxue, was a little confused. What ability was An Xiaoxue using? Was it the new ability she had obtained under the illumination of the red jade slip?

Yanzi opened her eyes. A cold light shot toward An Xiaoxue from her slender almond-shaped eyes. She could sense that An Xiaoxue had broken through her attack. And it was a woman!

Killing intent surged!

Almost at the same time, the long-range attacks of Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Zhao Hailong, and the others also landed on Yanzi. The two torrents of extraterrestrial elites and Blue Star elites also began to collide.

Blood splattered!