Chapter 603 - 603 You’Re So Naive (2)

603 You’re So Naive (2)

It was very likely that he had obtained some benefits previously.

Cui Xi, who had come to a realization, turned to look at Li Zhen and said, “Did you attack me just now?”

Li Zhen’s face darkened.

“How much strength?” Zhu Lang turned his head and asked Li Zhen.

“80%.” Li Zhen looked depressed.

Hearing this, Zhu Lang was very excited. “Great, your defense is good! After this victory, I will specially request for contribution points for everyone who participated in the battle.”

“Count me in,” Luo Murong suddenly said.

“I’ll cooperate with Miss An. I’ll be in front of Miss An, and I can attack from afar. I can also protect Miss An and let her do her killing blow,” Zhao Hailong, who was carrying a spear and a bow, suddenly said.

“That’s a good tactic.” Zhu Lang was the first to agree.

However, Xu Tui, who was at the side, felt that something was wrong. Why did it sound so wrong? Zhao Hailong seemed to be stealing his work. He even wanted to protect An Xiaoxue! This was his job. This was his Miss An.

Xu Tui coughed lightly and quickly interrupted Zhu Lang. “Mr. Bian, your Myriad Sword Technique should be able to threaten Yanzi, right?”

Bian Yuan, who was more shy and rarely spoke, nodded. “If the opportunity is right, I can still hurt her. Moreover, once I use my Myriad Sword Technique, the sword formation will continue. It should be able to restrain Yanzi to a certain extent.”

“That’s right. Restraining her is very important! Commander Zhu, Senior Zhao, I think that Mr. Bian needs protection more!”

Zhao Hailong: “???”

Zhao Hailong was confused, but Zhu Lang instantly understood. He had personally observed Xu Tui giving a large-sized useless mind power Origin Crystals to An Xiaoxue. He had already sensed something from it.

“Zhao Hailong can protect Mr. Bian, but Miss An also needs someone to protect her,” Zhu Lang said, following Xu Tui’s words.

“I’m here to protect Miss An. I can cooperate with Miss An. Don’t you think so, Miss An?”

Zhu Lang glanced at Xu Tui as if he was showing off his fox tail. Fortunately, An Xiaoxue gave Xu Tui a way out.

“In that case, I’ll arrange the specific strategy!” Zhu Lang said directly.

…

At the center of the first energy overflow tunnel, the engineering troops of the India Sector were working hard and progressing quickly.

At the center of the second energy overflow tunnel, the engineering troops of the Huaxia Sector began to carefully build.

The six streams of Origin Energy guided by the six red jade slips hanging above their heads continued to merge into the vortex of light. No matter how they looked at it, there was a sense of oppression and uncertainty.

However, the vortex of light had changed from the size of an egg to the size of a washbasin. It was still expanding.

Two hundred kilometers away from the second energy overflow tunnel, the Black Eagle slowly hovered and checked the progress of the gathering of the extraterrestrial elites under his control.

The closest one was still 80 kilometers away from the second energy overflow tunnel. The furthest was still 200 kilometers away from the second energy overflow tunnel. However, there were still about ten minutes before Lord Yanzi’s appointed time.@@novelbin@@

It was enough.

A series of orders were issued continuously. The Black Eagle mobilized the flying mechanical spirit beasts and the fission flying beasts to adjust its transportation power. During this time, the Black Eagle suddenly dodged twice and easily dodged two long-range gunfire from the Blue Star humans.

As long as they did not gather on a large scale, it would be very difficult for the long-range cannons of the Blue Star Humans to hit them.

…

At the same time, an urgent message was reported to Wei Bin at the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

“Reporting to Lieutenant General Wei, the energy gushing out of the energy solidification tunnel of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base has begun to decrease at an extremely abnormal rate. It has already decreased by 50%. Currently, it is still decreasing at a speed of 2% per minute.”

Wei Bin frowned when he saw the report. Any changes to the energy solidification channel of the Mars base were worth paying attention to. The energy gushing out of the solidified tunnel began to weaken. This was also a major matter. Especially the abnormal decrease.

“What’s the opinion of the expert group?” Wei Bin immediately asked.

“The reason is unknown. There had been no similar situations in the past. However, the maintenance expert team speculates that it might be related to the energy flow absorbed by the fire slip at the second energy overflow channel.”

There was a conjecture that the energy channels underground on Mars were interconnected. However, there was no evidence.

“Is there any possibility of destroying the solidified tunnel in our Mars base?” Wei Bin asked anxiously.

“It is estimated that at a certain point in time, if the six fire slips stop absorbing the energy flow, the energy that was split will instantly flow back. The energy will instantly surge back. It might cause a certain impact on the energy solidification channel. However, the energy solidification channel of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base should be able to withstand the impact after many solidifications.”

This conclusion made Wei Bin relax, but he still gave Gai Sheng an order. “We can consider temporary reinforcement and temporary stress relief measures.”

Less than a minute after the instructions were given, Wei Bin suddenly contacted Feng Xuanbiao, the commander of the Second Mars Base. “You have to take into consideration the impact of the tidal wave caused by the reflux of energy in the energy solidification tunnel that you are building. If necessary, you can slow down the progress to ensure its strength.”

“Understood!” Feng Xuanbiao responded and then relayed the order to the construction engineers.