Chapter 607 - 607 Fiery Meteor Shower And An Xiaoxue’S New Ability (2)

607 Fiery Meteor Shower and An Xiaoxue’s New Ability (2)

If they rushed over, they would have used up most of their stamina. The team would also disperse. They could only be pigs waiting to be slaughtered. How could they still fight? Therefore, the elites present were not curious at all when these extraterrestrial elites slowly approached.

“Do they want to attack head-on?” Li Zhen suddenly said. If that was the case, the Blue Star would have a huge advantage. The line of sight and geographical advantage could not be ignored.

Commander Feng Xuanbiao did not say anything. He was still quietly observing.

“It looks like it. But then again, they have no choice but to attack forcefully!” Zhu Lang said.

Li Zhen nodded. Xiang Daoxing, who was at the front, suddenly turned around. “Zhu Lang, your judgment is correct. However, this is the Great Genetic Age. Supernatural abilities are at the forefront! You have to consider supernatural factors during battle!”

Zhu Lang nodded quickly. A group of supernatural beings used their mental senses. Under the crater, the extraterrestrial elites were already 500 meters away from the foot of the crater. They began to slowly increase their speed. The brilliance of various superpowers began to flicker.

At the same time, Xu Tui, who was halfway up the mountain, suddenly frowned and looked at the sky.

“Something’s wrong in the sky!” Xu Tui suddenly said.

In an instant, all the members of the assault team looked up at the sky. There was no lack of perception and mental perception. However, everyone, including Xiang Daoxing, Lu Zongye, and Wang Lu, who had the strongest cultivation, gained nothing.

“I can sense that there’s energy fluctuating rapidly in the sky, but I’m not too sure,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

“Can you be more specific?” Commander Feng Xuanbiao suddenly asked.

“Fire-element energy fluctuations, dense fire-element energy fluctuations are gathering above our heads. It feels like it has enveloped the entire crater.”

The expressions of everyone present changed when they heard Xu Tui’s words. Many of them thought of a possibility.

“Super large-scale fire-type superpower attack?” Xiang Daoxing suddenly said.

“Everyone, we need to take the initiative to attack Yanzi! In the past war records, the Spiritual Race did record a large-scale fire-type superpower attack.” As the commander, Feng Xuanbiao suddenly made a decision.

At the foot of the mountain, if one observed carefully, Yanzi’s posture had changed. She had been walking previously. Now, a ball of smoke and fire was carrying her forward.@@novelbin@@

Four Spiritual Race guards protected her. Cancheng and the others glanced at the sky from time to time. As long as Lord Yanzi’s superpower, the Fiery Meteor Shower, was successfully activated, they would have won more than 80% of today’s battle.

This was also the reason why Yanzi had to recover first! Spiritual Race, especially Spirits like Yanzi, were born with supernatural abilities.

The Black Eagle also vaguely realized something. He began to look forward to it!

It was also at this moment that the Blue Star elites on the mountain suddenly began to charge downward. They took the initiative to attack!

Cancheng, Luo Hu, and the others sneered in their hearts. It was too late! The fire-type energy from all directions gathered crazily above the crater. The form of the Fiery Meteor Shower was about to be completed!

The flame between Yanzi’s brows also began to jump like a flame at this moment. She held a lamp with a small flame in her hands.

Soon!

On the mountain, at the same time, Xiang Daoxing suddenly looked at the sky in an extremely terrifying manner.

“Quick, attack that woman! It’s a Fire Meteor Shower! This was a superpower that many Genetic Transmutation Realm supernatural beings could not activate. Attack her and stop her!” As he spoke, Xiang Daoxing had already led the members of the assault team and charged in the direction of Yanzi like a straight knife.

Behind him, the sound of Zhao Hailong’s bowstring was like jade falling onto a pearl plate. Lightning surged in Chu Wei’s palm. Long-range ability users were clearing the way for Xiang Daoxing and the others. At the same time, they were getting closer.

An Xiaoxue also instantly exerted strength. She was like a blue and white fairy as she jumped down the crater with extreme lightness. She wanted to quickly approach Yanzi and stop her!

At the foot of the mountain, the distance between the extraterrestrial elites and the human elites of the Blue Star was less than 200 meters.

In the sky, sparks began to flash!

An Xiaoxue, who was quickly charging forward, suddenly glanced at Xu Tui. “Let’s begin!”

“Okay!

Almost instantly, an invisible hammer instantly appeared above Yanzi. He hammered Yanzi fiercely. However, before the hammer could hit her, Cancheng had already sensed it. He extended one hand and blocked Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

This was the only genetic ability chain that had been strengthened to Level 3. With a swing of the hammer, the defensive circle of light that Cancheng had created instantly shattered. Cancheng felt dizzy on the spot, and blood flowed out of his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.

The timing was urgent. One of Xu Tui’s mental hammers was blocked, but it blasted down again. This time, Luo Hu was the one who attacked. Luo Hu blocked Xu Tui’s mental hammer for Yanzi again.

Luo Hu was in a better state than Cancheng. He was just dizzy and did not bleed from his seven orifices. Then Xu Tui hammered another time.

Luo Chi staggered to the ground. With the fourth hammer strike, the fourth Spiritual Race guard, Luo Guang, charged forward. However, at the same time, Cancheng and Luo Hu, who had just been hit by Xu Tui, had already recovered.

Xu Tui’s attack was about to enter a dead cycle.

Suddenly, a silver light shot over from afar.