Chapter 609 - 609 Xu Tui’S Strange Move

609 Xu Tui’s Strange Move

Yanzi stood up, angry that her Fiery Meteor Shower was stopped. She stared at An Xiaoxue with a cold gaze. Just as she was about to attack, she saw Xiang Daoxing and the others charging towards her like a sharp knife.

Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Luo Murong, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Lu Zongye, Cui Xi, Chu Wei, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen and Bian Yuan charged forward like a hot knife into butter. They killed the alien warriors in front of Yanzi.

No one could withstand a single blow.

On the other hand, Yanzi’s four guards were tightly restrained by Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

Yanzi stared coldly at An Xiaoxue. Suddenly, she spread out her fingers. A screen of fire with a radius of more than ten meters instantly appeared and enveloped Xu Tui and the others. The fire screen instantly contracted.

“Be careful!” Everyone exclaimed.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui pulled out his mental vibrating whip. The fire curtain swayed, and a gap appeared, then after, it dissipated.

However, Xu Tui, Xiang Daoxing, and the others, as well as Yanzi’s four Spiritual Race guards, immediately got an opening. For a moment, they attacked one after another and stopped Xiang Daoxing and the others.

It was the same for a few rounds.

“Don’t worry about us. Kill the guards first!” Xiang Daoxing shouted!@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue looked at each other. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed toward Luo Hu.

Luo Hu staggered on the spot. An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion arrived, but Luo Chi instantly crashed into Luo Hu and received An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed down on the Luo Hu again while Zhao Hailong’s long arrow whistled as it shot out.

Yanzi’s screen of fire surrounded everyone again.

“Let me do it!” Xiang Daoxing roared angrily. Green light flashed around his body and he instantly broke through the fire screen.

Yanzi frowned. She extended her fingers and contracted them. The fire screen kept appearing and shrinking.

“I’ll do it!” Cui Xi roared and the Vajra Barrier suddenly expanded to protect everyone. It actually withstood two waves of the contracted fire screen in a row. Then, Wang Lu and Lu Zongye broke through a screen of fire at the same time. They managed to withstand the shocking lethality of Yanzi.

Everyone heaved a sigh of relief. At least they were not instantly killed!

“Luo Hu!” The moment Luo Chi’s angry roar rang out, Zhao Hailong and Xu Tui shot Luo Hu in the head. In the next moment, Luo Chi was directly shattered into pieces by An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion.

Yanzi’s eyes instantly turned red. The flame between her brows danced crazily. Seeing that the fire screen could not hurt anyone and that two guards had been killed in a row, Yanzi raised the purple flame lamp in her hand. She gently bent her index finger and flicked it at the purple fire lamp.

This flick seemed to have used up a large amount of Yanzi’s strength. Yanzi’s face turned pale. A fire dragon with a faint purple color instantly rushed out.

Xiang Daoxing and Yan Lie dodged it and attacked the fire dragon. However, Lu Zongye, who was behind them, did not have the time to dodge and was directly devoured by the fire dragon.

Li Zhen and the other two water-type supernatural beings at the back poured down continuously before the fire dragon dissipated. However, Lu Zongye was already gone! Not a single ash of him was left. He should have been burned to ashes before the ashes were scattered.

“Old Lu!” Wang Lu let out a sorrowful cry. Together with Xiang Daoxing, he began to launch long-range attacks.

Zhu Lang and the others were killing the extraterrestrial elites who were attacking them nearby. It was also at this moment that the third Spiritual Race guard, Luo Guang, was killed by Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

Yanzi’s expression changed drastically. “Cancheng, retreat!”

“Sir!” Cancheng became anxious.

“That’s an order!” Almost at the same time, Yanzi flicked her finger at the purple lamp. With every flick, a fire dragon rushed out. Wherever the fire dragon passed, the extraterrestrial elite warriors were devoured and blasted towards the elites of Huaxia.

Cui Xi was the first to be devoured, but his body flickered with golden light. He activated the Vajra Barrier to the extreme. The fire dragon surrounding Cui Xi gradually dissipated, and the light of Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier became extremely dim.

The fire dragon dissipated, and Cui Xi fell to the ground.

The other fire dragon enveloped Luo Murong and Chu Wei. Saber light and lightning flashed. In the next moment, Luo Murong, who had erected the Vajra Barrier, rushed out of the saber light. However, Chu Wei disappeared!

The third-year Dragon, Chu Wei, had died in battle!

A fire dragon blasted towards Bian Yuan. Zhao Hailong, who was in front of Bian Yuan, suddenly cut in. His spear danced crazily like a whirlwind. It carried the power of an energy field and actually blocked the fire dragon.

The Myriad Swords Formation suddenly surged out. In the next moment, Bian Yuan felt awkward. The Myriad Swords Formation was gone! To be precise, his Myriad Swords Formation had melted before it could hurt the fire dragon.

The Myriad Sword Technique was not bad. However, the material of the sword (needle) was too poor. It melted!

Bian Yuan was stunned.

Xu Tui, who was about to kill Cancheng, became anxious. He did not care about anything else and shot a mental vibrating whip toward the fire dragon. Bian Yuan had to be saved! He used Time Distortion. With this whip, a portion of the fire dragon dissipated on the spot and broke into two.

Then, it was instantly worn down by Zhao Hailong’s spear. It was mainly because Zhao Hailong was fierce enough. If he had not blocked the fire dragon, Xu Tui would not have been able to save Bian Yuan no matter how powerful his mental vibrating whip was.

In just a minute, two people had died. All the participants were shocked, but no one retreated. Zhu Lang and Luo Murong formed a battle formation and charged towards Yanzi crazily. They could only die in this battle!

Xu Tui was shocked when he saw Zhu Lang and Luo Murong charging toward the fire dragon. Three of the Spiritual Race guards had been killed. Currently, only Cancheng was left. He had just been forced to retreat in a panic.

Without protection, Xu Tui’s mental hammer blasted toward Yanzi crazily.

Yanzi calmed down after the guards died in battle. A small flame rose from the small purple lamp. The small purple lamp formed a defensive fire screen and forcefully blocked Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer had only shaken her slightly. It did not affect her much. However, the frequency of her attacks had clearly slowed down. The small purple lamp was used for defense. Yanzi kept retracting and setting off fire screen, either to attack or to defend.

Not far away, Cancheng called for the Black Eagle and charged over with a large number of extraterrestrial elites. The pressure on Yanzi increased drastically when a group of people charged over.

Other than the members who were holding back the surrounding extraterrestrial elites, the main forces, such as Xiang Daoxing, Zhao Hailong, Li Zhen, Xu Tui, and An Xiaoxue, were all attacking Yanzi.

The others, such as Yan Lie, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, Cui Xi, Luo Murong, Miao Huanshan, and Wang Lu, helped everyone protect the surroundings.

The battle situation reached a critical moment. If they could not take down Yanzi in a short period of time, she would be rescued by Cancheng, Black Eagle, and the others and be protected by the alien warriors again.

The situation would become very tricky again.

Yanzi was too strong! Especially when paired with the small purple lamp, it was both offensive and defensive! Even a third-year dragon like Chu Wei was instantly killed by her. It was too powerful!

If she were to regain the protection of Cancheng, Black Eagle, and the others, who knew how many more people would die? However, at this moment, Yanzi was holding the small purple lamp and defending with all her might. Xiang Daoxing, Zhao Hailong, Li Zhen, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue could not attack her.

They could not take down Yanzi.

An Xiaoxue suddenly looked at Xu Tui. It was just a glance. But Xu Tui instantly understood what An Xiaoxue meant. The flying sword circling above his head moved slightly. An Xiaoxue’s mind power suddenly wrapped around Xu Tui’s flying sword like an octopus.

The moment the mental hammer landed, the flying sword roared. The moment the sharp whistle sounded and Yanzi looked over, Xu Tui’s flying sword had disappeared. In the next moment, the flying sword that had disappeared appeared within Yanzi’s purple fire screen.

Yanzi looked slightly stunned. Flames suddenly shot out of her mouth and nose and blasted toward Xu Tui’s flying sword. But it was too late!

The sword light instantly pierced through her chest. Unfortunately, it was just an illusion.

Yanzi’s reaction was extremely fast. At the critical moment, her body swayed slightly and the flying sword avoided her vital points.

Xu Tui’s flying sword pierced through a large hole in Yanzi’s left shoulder. Then, something fatal happened. Perhaps it was because An Xiaoxue’s ability could not follow the flying sword in time, but Xu Tui’s flying sword was actually trapped in the screen of purple light.

Thin flames burned out and cut off the connection between Xu Tui and the flying sword. The people who had just been overjoyed were stunned.

An Xiaoxue’s cherry lips opened slightly under her mask. She seemed to want to apologize to Xu Tui. But she did not say it.

The following situation was suddenly a little troublesome.

Zhao Hailong, Xiang Daoxing, Li Zhen, and the others attacked the injured Yanzi with all their might, but they were actually unable to break through her purple light defense fire screen.

Yanzi also realized something and defended with all her might. She was waiting for Cancheng and Black Eagle to bring their elites over to protect her. At that time, with someone protecting her, with her powerful long-range lethality, she would definitely be able to lead the battlefield and affect the outcome.

“Quick, think of a way to kill her! You have 30 seconds at most!” Zhu Lang shouted!

The few of them were helpless. They could not break through the purple light screen. It could be seen that Yanzi was very strong. She was stronger than everyone present, but her strength was limited. It was not too ridiculous. However, the small purple lamp was very powerful. It had increased Yanzi’s combat strength by nearly double.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat as he looked at the small purple lamp. He suddenly communicated with An Xiaoxue through his consciousness again.

In the next moment, Xu Tui threw out his mental hammer. It suddenly disappeared the moment it blasted out. Yanzi had also expected this. She instantly raised her mental shield alone. Clearly, she had grasped the pattern.

Bang! There was a crisp sound. Xu Tui’s mental hammer slammed into the small purple lamp. The small purple lamp swayed, and the defensive fire screen dissipated.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s earliest thought was to contact the flying sword. However, he suddenly had a thought. He went with his thoughts.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer, which was right in front of him, slammed down on Yanzi again. This time, Yanzi’s mind received Xu Tui’s mental hammer attack.

Yanzi’s mind suddenly shook! Immediately, a gap appeared in the mind power domain around her.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui materialized Yanzi’s original quantum frequency. Then, Xu Tui pushed his mind power to its limits.

Extreme treatment!

“Ah!” An extremely sharp, trembling, joyful, terrified, and ashamed scream instantly resounded throughout the entire ring-shaped battlefield.

Xu Tui: “…”

An Xiaoxue: “…”