Chapter 604 - 604 You’Re So Naive (3)

604 You’re So Naive (3)@@novelbin@@

He was a soldier. He was only responsible for carrying out orders. Professional matters were handled by professionals.

At the same time, the Mars base of the Russian Federation, the Mars base of the European Sector, the Mars base of the Africa Sector, and the Mars base of the America Sector all received similar emergency reports.

The energy that was continuously gushing out of the solidified energy overflow tunnel in the base decreased drastically. The higher-ups of all sides were eliminating the risk and thinking about the reason.

The American Sector was no exception. He immediately got the relevant expert groups to discuss it.

For any of the current alliances, the base on Mars was the most important. It was one of the most important benefits of the alliances on Mars.

!!

Not to mention anything else, in just one day, the elites sent to the Mars base by the military of the various sectors directly used the useless mind power Origin Crystals to cultivate near the solidified energy overflow tunnel. There were more than one or two people who broke through.

There were even more when those whose strengths had been greatly enhanced. In the future, the solidified energy overflow channel would continue to spew out energy even after the energy tide passed.

Even if the flow of the energy had lessened, it could still increase the strength of elites in batches. Who would dare to disregard it?

The experts in the American Sector were also the best on the Blue Star. After a round of research and analysis, they immediately came to a similar opinion as the Huaxia Sector’s maintenance team. In the end, they reported it level by level to the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo.

In the beginning, Maiponeo, who had received this report, only confirmed it and did not pay much attention to it. To prevent the tidal impact caused by the reflux of energy, the experts at the Mars Base of the American Sector would solve this problem perfectly.

However, a minute later, Maiponeo re-examined the report. Suddenly, his gaze shifted.

A chance…

It was an opportunity to recapture benefits for the American Sector! It was a chance for him to obtain political leverage!

Soon, Maiponeo contacted Nilab.

“Maiponeo, if you’re renewing your contract, don’t ask.” Nilab’s voice was angry.

“Oh, my dear friend! Previously, we took the initiative to leave and the contract was automatically terminated. Why would I mention renewing the contract? But now, I want to sell you information. This concerns the information on whether or not your India Sector can successfully build a Mars base. I can guarantee that it’s very important! It’s very important!” Maiponeo was very relaxed.

Nilab, who was on the other side of the video channel, had a look of mistrust. After the previous incident, his trust in Maiponeo had dropped to rock bottom. Although he was a politician, he also had emotions.

“Information?” Nilab sneered. “Then you go first. I’ll see how much it’s worth.”

“No, no, no. We should sign the contract first. I’ll give you the information later! Dear Nilab, I can say with certainty that this information is very important and crucial! This really concerns the success or failure of your Mars base!” Maiponeo tried his best to look sincere.

“What’s the price?” A straight refusal was not a qualified politician. Nilab had basically determined that Maiponeo saw that the situation was good and wanted to come over to take a share. He wanted to sell this so-called very important and crucial subtext at a high price!

“40% of the Mars base of the India Sector!”

Hearing this, Nilab suddenly laughed. “Mr. Maiponeo, this is the first time I realized that you are also so naive. You actually told me a fairy tale!” With that, Nilab hung up.

On the other end of the video call, Maiponeo fell silent. He was telling the truth. However, Nilab did not believe him.

The information reported by the Mars base of the American Sector was really very important. The rapid weakening of the energy flow gushing out of the solidified energy overflow tunnel might have been caused by the seven red jade slips in the second energy overflow tunnel.

At a certain point, when the attraction ended, it would trigger a reflux—a tidal surge! However, to a certain extent, it would be more in line with the interests of the American Sector if the India Sector succeeded in establishing a Mars base.

After thinking for a while, Maiponeo shamelessly contacted Nilab again. “Dear Nilab, listen to me. My information is very important! I’m a little sorry about what happened before, but that was a decision made for the sake of the interests of our American Sector.

“30%! As long as you agree to give us 30% of the benefits of the Mars base, I can sell this information to you!” Maiponeo said very, very sincerely. He took the initiative to lower the price.

Hearing this, Nilab sneered even more! Taking the initiative to lower the price? Maiponeo was trying to trick him! He wanted 30% of the shares in exchange for the information? Dream on!

Looking at the entire Mars battlefield, there were no other factors that could affect the successful construction of the Mars base in the India Sector. Moreover, would Maiponeo lower the price of truly valuable information?

“Mr. Maiponeo, before we talk about this, you should consider how to compensate us for your previous actions!”

With that, he hung up.

Maiponeo was speechless.