Chapter 601 - 601 Fire Slip Entered The Brain And The Final Battle (2)

601 Fire Slip Entered the Brain and the Final Battle (2)

However, there should be a difference. The fifth-generation brainwave sorcerer chip was purely a physical thing. The perception of this slip was real but it had a supernatural appearance.

In just a few minutes, Xu Tui had used all the methods he could think of to touch the red fire slip that had entered his brain. Mental perception, telepathy, spiritual resonance, and mind power injection.

Under such circumstances, the red fire slip did not move. It was like a great sun that hung high in Xu Tui’s mind sea. It emitted a weak red light that illuminated all of Xu Tui’s genetic ability chains. There were no other abnormalities.

This made Xu Tui anxious. Whether you are good or bad, or dead or alive, at least show some expression.

!!@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui would accept the benefits. If there were any disadvantages, he would think of a way to solve it. However, this silence was the most uncomfortable…

While Xu Tui was researching, this abnormal phenomenon also caused the various sectors and the Phobos’ Combat Command to discuss urgently. The system of the Blue Star was that complicated.

There was a Blue Star Genetic Committee that could be said to be one. However, the six Major Genetic Committees under them were almost independent. Everyone had their own interests. The Huaxia Sector was still the most affected by the changes in the second tunnel. This was because the Huaxia Sector had already begun to build a Mars base in the second energy overflow tunnel. They had invested a large amount of manpower and material resources.

They had to understand this situation. Otherwise, if anything went wrong, it would all be for naught.

In a virtual projection conference room sat Wei Bin, Cai Shaochu, Gai Sheng, Ruan Tianzuo, Jian Zhen, Pei Tiefeng, He Longjin, and Li Qingping. Other than their positions, He Longjin and Li Qingping were both Planetary realm powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector. They would not be able to gather for ordinary matters.

However, there were too many variances in the second tunnel of the Mars battlefield this time. It was unprecedented. Even Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin had never seen it before. They could only gather the top experts of the Huaxia Sector for a discussion.

Wei Bin first released the projection of the second energy overflow tunnel on Mars and gave a simple description.

“Everyone, time is tight. We want to build the second Mars base in the second energy overflow tunnel. However, there was a sudden change here. Now I have two questions.

“First question, what will appear in the vortex of light caused by the energy flow of the six red jade slips?

“Second question, will the energy flow guided by these six red jade slips and the consequences affect our construction of the second Mars base?” Wei Bin asked two questions.

“No matter what the consequences are, I think that we should do our best to obtain this red fire slip. Judging from the ability displayed by the red fire slip, it was very likely that the red fire slip could control the energy overflow channel. It could even control the flow of all the energy. This is extremely important to the situation on Mars.” Ruan Tianzuo was the first to speak.

Hearing this, Wei Bin knocked on the table gently. “That’s what we should do. But now, the key is whether we can continue to build the second Mars base.”

Everyone in the venue was silent. Wei Bin was a little disappointed. “Does no one know?”

Li Qingping, who had been silent, suddenly said, “I recalled something, but I’m not sure.”

“Please speak, President Li.”

Li Qingping was the president of the Huaxia Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. He was also the disciple of the top genetic ancient martial artist in the Huaxia Sector, Cheng Fengxi.

“In the early years, when my teacher, Mr. Cheng, was drinking tea and discussing the Dao with Mr. Shang Long of the Genetic Miracle, I was lucky enough to serve tea at the side and heard the two gentlemen mention it.

“It was said that the appearance of the moon’s Quantum Portal was extremely mysterious. When their physical bodies arrived at the moon, the moon’s Quantum Portal did not exist.

“When my teacher’s physical body first entered the moon, it was during the exploration of the moon. When he was being pursued by the alien species, he occasionally discovered a vortex door of light that gathered energy. However, he was being pursued at that time and did not have the time to observe.

“A few months later, that location had become the current location of the moon’s Quantum Portal. It’s unknown if the vortex door of light that you see now is the prototype of a Quantum Portal,” Li Qingping said.

Cai Shaochu’s gaze shifted. “What did Mr. Shang say about this past?”

“Mr. Shang said that if we can discover the secret of the Quantum Portal, we might be able to travel outside the Milky Way, and the billions of stars, it will be like a global village!” Li Qingping said.

Everyone was moved. However, Wei Bin frowned. Shang Long’s statement was heroic, but it was useless today. “In that case, if this vortex of light continues, it might form a new Quantum Portal?”

“It’s just a possibility,” Li Qingping said.

In an instant, everyone realized the value of a possibility. If a Quantum Portal appeared at the second energy overflow tunnel on Mars, no matter where this Quantum Portal led to, its importance would be self-evident.

It was like the Quantum Portal of the moon base. Almost all of the core areas of the Moon base were expanded with the Quantum Portal as the foundation. In that case, there was no need to continue this meeting. The appearance of a new Quantum Portal, even if the probability was only 20%, was enough to make any alliance spend a lot of money!

“The gag order is that you are not allowed to mention today’s meeting to anyone within a month,” Wei Bin suddenly ordered. “Everyone, excuse me.”

The moment Cai Shaochu spoke, the word ‘forbidden’ suddenly appeared above Cai Shaochu’s head. It instantly split apart and landed above everyone’s heads. Even though it was a projection, everyone’s aura fluctuated slightly. They allowed the word to enter their virtual projection bodies. A strange fluctuation spread out.

The word disappeared, and the virtual projection meeting ended. After the meeting ended, Wei Bin immediately issued a series of orders. The power of the entire Huaxia Sector was like a machine. The moment it received the order, it quickly operated.

At the same time, in the internal meeting of the American Sector, the Planetary realm powerhouse of the American Sector, Agarwin, criticized Maiponeo without hesitation.

“Mr. Maiponeo, I really can’t believe that it was your decision to completely give up on the second energy overflow channel! Now, we can’t participate in the mutation of the red fire slip. How do you explain that?”

“I think that I have effectively preserved the vitality for the American Sector. Countless extraterrestrial elites and the Sacred Spiritual Race are charging towards the second energy overflow tunnel. If we were to station our men in the second combat area, the losses would be immeasurable!”

“However, the mutation of the Fire Slip in the second tunnel might completely change the situation on Mars…”

The verbal battle in the American Sector was exceptionally intense. The situation in the other sectors was slightly better. However, the happiest place was the India Sector.

In the India Sector’s general base of the moon base, Nilab was already overjoyed. At the first energy overflow tunnel, the construction process of the Mars base of the India Sector could be said to have made a miraculous recovery.

Not only could they start over, moreover, this time, there was no interference. The progress was extremely fast. They began to solidify the energy overflow tunnel. In at most three hours, the energy overflow channel of the Mars base of the India Sector would be completed.

Once the solidification was completed, it meant that the Mars base of the India Sector was basically completed. More importantly, that petty person, Maiponeo, had taken the initiative to withdraw from the construction of the Mars base of the India Sector.

In the future, the India Sector would enjoy a Mars base alone. This was very important to the India Sector! If not for the fact that it had not been completed yet, Nilab would have opened a bottle of champagne to celebrate.

…

At the second energy overflow tunnel.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen had already gathered An Xiaoxue, Bian Yuan, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Xiang Daoxing, who had just woken up, and Xu Tui, who had a question mark in his head.

“Black Eagle has brought nearly 10,000 extraterrestrial elites to attack us. All of you already know. However, this is not a difficult problem. Our forces are not bad either. The real problem was these five Spirits who had just descended not long ago.

“Currently, the Mars energy tide has not ended. The other experts could not interfere. We could only rely on the elites present to deal with the Spiritual Race. This was the recording of the battle that the Mars base had just sent over.

“You guys study it carefully. You only have 20 minutes at most,” Zhu Lang said.

In the next moment, as the multi-directional battle video of Yanzi’s attack appeared, everyone’s expressions turned cold.

“This is most likely the final battle!” Li Zhen added.