Chapter 606 - 606 Fiery Meteor Shower And An Xiaoxue’S New Ability (1)

606 Fiery Meteor Shower and An Xiaoxue’s New Ability (1)

Under the crater in Area 24.

Yanzi and her four guards had arrived. Black Eagle stood behind Yanzi, but he was isolated by her four guards. It seemed to be protecting and looking down on him.

“How many warriors do we have?” Yanzi suddenly asked.

“Sir, we have gathered a total of 11,843 elite warriors, including the Spiritless Servant Army. Currently, they have been divided into 2,374 combat teams according to their strength and race.” Black Eagle replied.

“Very good. Follow me forward later. When I give the order, press forward and charge!”

The moment Yanzi finished speaking, the Black Eagle froze. That was not right! This was already a battle between two armies. They had to talk about strategic tactics. If you gave the order and the entire army charged forward, even if they did not die, their casualties would probably increase greatly!

Not to mention anything else, the terrain of the crater was very troublesome. At this moment, they were actually attacking upwards.

Black Eagle suddenly had a thought—they would definitely lose! If this continued, they would definitely lose.

How could the two armies directly charge forward when they were facing each other? This was an army of more than ten thousand people!

“Lord Yanzi, I’m afraid it’s a little inappropriate to charge forward directly. Why don’t…”

“Bastard!” Cancheng shouted angrily, “How dare you question Lord Yanzi’s orders?”

Black Eagle wisely shut his mouth, but the way he looked at Yanzi had changed. Idiot! Why did the forward operating base send such a stupid woman over? He wanted to contact the inspector, wanted to reserve his opinion, and wanted to remove himself in advance. Strangely, for some reason, the inspector did not respond.

Yanzi stopped Can Cheng’s scolding.@@novelbin@@

“Black Eagle, I understand what you mean. You want to arrange tactics. However, there’s no need for that with me. After I attack, you can command the entire army to charge.” Yanzi’s voice was crisp and pleasant.

Black Eagle’s heart skipped a beat. It seemed that Yanzi was not stupid. She knew the battle strategy, but…

“In the battle later, I might very well be the main target of the enemy experts. I won’t have the time to command the battle. I’ll leave the specific battle command to you. In order to prevent you from being beheaded by the enemy, I’ll reward you with this crystal talisman. It can save your life at the critical moment.” Yanzi casually threw out a fiery red crystal that had been polished into a circle.

Black Eagle quickly caught it and thanked her. Although he was still puzzled, he understood that Yanzi was not stupid. She should have some methods that he did not know about.

“Charge.”

Following Yanzi’s order, more than 10,000 extraterrestrial elites covered Yanzi and her guards under Black Eagle’s orders and began to slowly approach the battle area of the crater.

On the crater, Feng Xuanbiao observed the advancing extraterrestrial elite army from afar and did not say a word. The others also waited quietly.

The highest command authority had been handed over to Feng Xuanbiao. This person had been trained in all battles on Mars. He could arrange the tactical strategy. The others waited for orders.

In the previous half an hour, Feng Xuanbiao had already set up the tactical positions. Including the troops from the other sectors, they were also arranged in suitable positions. It was very professional.

The energy flow drawn out by the six red jade slips was still impacting the vortex of light above the second energy overflow tunnel. However, the vortex of light had changed from the size of an egg to the size of a water tank. It was still expanding.

It was already beginning to take shape.

With so many experts from the various alliances gathered together, they could roughly link it to the Quantum Portal. The Origin Crystals had all been lured away by the six red jade slips, so the elites of the Blue Star human race gathered here seemed to have nothing to do.

This was probably the strangest energy tide on Mars.

Of course, Xu Tui was not one of them. He had been studying the seventh red jade slip that had appeared in his head. No matter who it was, it would be strange if they did not panic when a completely unfamiliar thing was suddenly inserted into their bodies.

Unfortunately, there were no results. Of course, he also came up with something. The seventh red jade slip in his mind seemed to be related to the six red jade slips. It seemed to be in a leading position.

As long as Xu Tui willed it, the six red jade slips that triggered the flow of Origin Energy would change in size. However, that was all. Other than that, the six red jade slips that triggered the flow of energy gave Xu Tui a very strange feeling. He extended his mental perception and seemed to be able to see an image in the red jade slip.

However, because of the surging Origin Energy, Xu Tui could not see it clearly with his mental perception.

But he could confirm that through the seventh red jade slip in his head, he could influence the strength of the energy flow in the six red jade slips in the sky to a certain extent.

“They’re here! Get ready!” Zhu Lang shouted. It could be heard that his voice was a little nervous.

Under the crater, the extraterrestrial elite army was almost two kilometers away. They were not fast! They walked almost in unison. This proved that the commander opposite him was a guy with rich combat experience.

If the nearly 10,000 extraterrestrial elites were to charge over from a few kilometers away, the extraterrestrial elites would probably lose before the battle even started.

In a battle between two armies, it was a battle of combat ability, will, combat strength, tactics, and physical fitness!

In the Blue Star war movies, those kinds of movies where they would charge forward as soon as the battle started were all f*cking nonsense!