Chapter 615 - 615 The Research On The Seventh Red Jade Slip And Xu Tui’S Strange Thoughts (1)

615 The Research on the Seventh Red Jade Slip and Xu Tui’s Strange Thoughts (1)

Akkin was pierced through by the spike and died tragically on the spot. The number one expert of the American Sector, Bobran, instantly turned around and roared angrily in Xu Tui’s direction from a kilometer away.

To be honest, Xu Tui could not hear what he was saying from so far away. Far away, Xu Tui spread his hands.

Bobran continued to roar. Li An roared angrily. He was probably scolding Xu Tui. At the same time, the elites of the American Sector, who had already retreated a kilometer away, turned around and glared at the crater. Their killing intent rose!

Although Akkin’s previous actions were a little too much, he did not deserve to die. Moreover, it was too much for Xu Tui to kill someone in public with an earth spike. For a moment, the elites of the American Sector were filled with killing intent. They were restless and wanted to take revenge.

!!

As genetic newcomers, the students of the Huaxia Sector had greatly enhanced their vision even without activating the genetic ability chain related to vision. They saw Akkin being killed. While they were stunned, they cheered!

Akkin’s previous actions, including those of the American Sector, were too infuriating. It could make one crack!

The students of the Huaxia Sector clapped their hands in joy at him being killed. Then, they looked at Xu Tui in shock. Although the Earth Spike was not Xu Tui’s signature move, he had also used that ability before.

Xu Tui had killed Akkin? Wasn’t the combat distance of more than a kilometer too terrifying?

“It’s you?” Zhao Hailong suddenly asked.

Xu Tui smiled but did not answer. Zhao Hailong gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! The elites of the Huaxia Sector nearby gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. Awesome!

While they were praising Xu Tui, the elites of the Huaxia Sector looked at Xu Tui differently. It was a long-range combat distance of more than a kilometer. He was no longer a supernatural being. He was a human-shaped instant sniper cannon, right? And it was the kind that walked on its own!

A kilometer away, the elites of the American Sector surrounded Akkin’s corpse. They were furious and pointed in the direction of the crater from time to time. They had the intention of fighting. It looked like they wanted to flare up on the spot and avenge Akkin.

Before the other students could worry, Zhu Lang suddenly sneered. “Well done! I’m afraid they won’t dare! If they dared to rush over, we can take the opportunity to destroy the elite forces of this generation in the American Sector!”

This time, Xu Tui was shocked. Commander Zhu Lang, is it appropriate for you to say that in public?

“Prepare for battle!” Zhu Lang suddenly spoke. “Xu Tui, if the people from the American Sector rush over, I request that you kill at least ten people in this one-kilometer range. Ten Genetic Evolution Realm experts, if it’s possible, kill Bobran and Li An!

“Can you do it?” Zhu Lang gave the order.

It was still possible to kill ten Genetic Evolution Realm experts at a distance of one kilometer. However, Xu Tui had never fought with Bobran and Li An before. It was hard to say. “I’ll try my best!”

“The other long-range attackers, get ready! The two of them focused fire on one. If they rush over, I want them to lose more than 100 people on the way!” Zhu Lang commanded domineeringly.

“Ahem, ahem!” Li Zhen coughed twice. “Remember to warn them before attacking!”

On the top of the crater, Feng Xuanbiao, who had also observed this scene, did not say a word. However, he sent all the long-range attackers from the special forces over. His attitude was very clear.

There was also a four-person special combat team faintly surrounding the only researcher from the American Sector who had entered the crater. If the American Sector dared to attack, they had to kill this researcher first! At this moment, the researcher of the American Sector trembled.

The elite students of the American Sector seemed to be arguing internally. The students from the Huaxia Sector were eager to try. They looked like they were looking forward to the elites of the American Sector attacking them.

Not only did the crater have a geographical advantage, the elites of the American Sector were now more than a kilometer away from the crater. Once the battle started, a portion of the main members would probably be killed.

Akkin had been killed a kilometer away just now. Of course, there were also students who were worried. Once the American Sector started a war with the Huaxia Sector because of Akkin’s death, would it represent the start of the chaotic battle between the six major sectors of the Blue Star?@@novelbin@@

“They’re afraid!” Suddenly, Zhu Lang sighed softly, a little disappointed.

Li Zhen, who was originally a little worried, heaved a sigh of relief. “It looks like they’re afraid!”

Zhu Lang was right. The elites of the American Sector were indeed a little afraid. More than a dozen people would die if Xu Tui attacked alone at a distance of one kilometer. Who would take over these dozen death spots?

An arrow that had not left its bow was the most terrifying!

Of course, the most important reason was that the higher-ups of the American Sector gave the order to restrain themselves after considering the situation. They would use another form to seek justice for Akkin. They would report the incident to the Phobos’ Combat Command.

The students of the Huaxia Sector, including Xu Tui, had also expected this. Akkin had been killed in public. The American Sector would definitely not let the matter rest.

“Xu Tui, you have to be prepared early. You might be in trouble with the military court after the battle,” a student from the Huaxia Sector kindly reminded him.

“Shut up!” Zhu Lang shouted. “Who said that Xu Tui killed someone? Earth Spike? In the entire second energy overflow combat circle, there are at least 100 people who know how to use earth spikes. God knows who killed him!”