Chapter 618 - 618 The Research On The Seventh Red Jade Slip And Xu Tui’S Strange Thoughts (4)

618 The Research on the Seventh Red Jade Slip and Xu Tui’s Strange Thoughts (4)

Number Four Red Jade Slip affected the energy flow tunnel of the Russian Federation.

Number Five Red Jade Slip affected the current first energy overflow tunnel on the Mars battlefield.

Xu Tui did not know where this news came from. However, according to Xiang Daoxing, he learned from the intelligence channel that in the first energy overflow tunnel of the Mars base that was under construction in the India Sector, there was a temporary accident. The energy flow almost disappeared.

It directly caused a small-scale commotion among the India Sector’s construction team. It was said that the commander of the India Sector, Sotum, was already kneeling at the entrance of the tunnel. He was just short of bringing the elites of the India Sector to carry out some primitive sacrificial activities.

!!

After all, the solidification of the energy overflow tunnel in their Mars base of the India Sector was imminent. Wouldn’t he cry to death if something went wrong now?

Of course, the one who cried to death was someone else! As the commander of the India Sector’s Mars base, Sotum would definitely become a sinner of the India Sector, whether or not it was his responsibility.

However, what Xu Tui was curious about was the intelligence channels of the Huaxia Sector. At this moment, the first energy overflow tunnel should have been completely sealed off by the elites and special forces of the India Sector. Where did the Huaxia Sector get the latest information on the construction of a Mars base of the India Sector? Were there intelligence agents lurking?

That was without a doubt!

Number Six Red Jade Slip affected the energy overflow tunnel in the Africa Sector’s Mars Base.

It was verified! Every red jade slip affected an energy overflow tunnel. In that case, would the seventh red jade slip in Xu Tui’s head affect the second energy overflow tunnel on the crater?

The seventh red jade slip in Xu Tui’s head was at the core of the seven red jade slips. Did that mean that the energy overflow tunnel located in the crater was also the core of the entire energy overflow tunnels?

These were all Xu Tui’s deductions.

Xu Tui, who had nothing to do, began to study the relationship and effects of the seventh red jade slip in his head with the other six red jade slips. He wanted to see if he could develop a deeper function. Since every red jade slip represented an energy overflow channel, he might really be able to discover other functions.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was very excited. He kept trying various methods. His attempt brought the researchers of the various alliances who were studying the red jade slips into a state of madness.

It was too abnormal! The energy flow guided by the red jade slips fluctuate randomly. Occasionally, there would be changes in the light. However, all the researchers present firmly believed that there would definitely be regular changes behind this. At the very least, it would have extremely precious research value!

Even Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, An Xiaoxue, and the others were also involved in the research.

Xu Tui was stunned. Was he destroying the research?

…

Time passed quickly.

In the blink of an eye, two hours passed. An hour and a half ago, cheers had already sounded from the Mars base of the India Sector. The Mars base that their India Sector was going to build in the first energy overflow tunnel had already been solidified. For some reason, it was still being strengthened.

However, the Mars base that represented the India Sector had basically been completed. After the energy overflow tunnel was solidified, the next step was to build the main body of the base. When the Mars Origin Energy Tide ended and the large-scale machines entered the venue, the main defense could be completed in a month or two.

At that time, the India Sector would have its own Mars base. And it was a high share. At the India Sector’s general base on the Moon, Nilab was already grinning from ear to ear.

The Huaxia Sector was also cheering! The energy overflow tunnel on the crater of the Huaxia Sector had also been solidified. It was strengthened and solidified from the inside out. In order to deal with certain possibilities, it was also strengthened.

In a day, two new Mars bases were added to the six major sectors of Mars. The entire moon base was extremely excited.

Next year! The Mars battlefield next year would be the home ground of the Blue Star humans. Cheers rang out both inside and outside.

The only ones that were unhappy were Maiponeo and the elites of the American Sector. In this year’s battle on the Mars battlefield, the elites of the American Sector had suffered a lot under the strategic command of Maiponeo. More than 10% of them had died. But their gains were the least in the various alliances. It was impossible not to be angry and depressed.

The only regret of the various sectors was that the researchers of the various sectors had yet to come up with any results on the red jade slips. However, the Quantum Portal in the air had already taken shape.

From the outside, it was no different from the Quantum Portal on the moon.

“Soon! It should be soon.” Xiang Daoxing, who had been studying it, looked at the formed Quantum Portal and muttered.

Suddenly, the Quantum Portal that had already taken shape trembled slightly. It suddenly became real in everyone’s eyes. Almost instantly, the energy flow guided by the six red jade slips had no place to pour in.

In the sky, the six red jade slips retracted their brilliance and were enveloped by the falling energy flow. They fell toward the second energy overflow tunnel of the crater.

The six streams of energy drawn out by the six red jade slips instantly swept back. The moment the six red jade slips rolled backward, the seventh red jade slip in Xu Tui’s head also buzzed and trembled. It shone with a red light.

In the seventh red jade slip, the shadows of six red jade slips that had been sent flying back appeared. The connection between the six red jade slips and the seventh red jade slip in Xu Tui’s head had become unprecedentedly close.

He could vaguely sense six streams of Origin Energy converging into one and flowing back into their respective channels. These were the energy extracted by the six red jade slips previously from the six overflowing channels and condensed them into a Quantum Portal. Was it starting to surge back now?

Reflux of energy? Xu Tui suddenly remembered a problem he had communicated with Xiang Daoxing just now. If the energy flow of the various Mars bases was really extracted by the six red jade slips, then when the energy flow returned, it would be the most dangerous time for the solidified passageways of the various Mars bases.

If he was not careful, the solidified energy overflow tunnel would be destroyed! Including the Huaxia Sector, the various alliances were urgently strengthening the energy overflow channels in their Mars bases.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought when he thought of this. An extremely bold thought appeared in his mind.