Chapter 619 - 619 Reflux Of Energy

619 Reflux of Energy

At the first energy overflow tunnel.

The commander of the Mars Base Construction of the India Sector, Sotum, was admiring the energy channel that had just been solidified as if he was admiring his little sweetheart on the Blue Star.

The Origin Energy Collection Converter had already been set up. When the Origin Energy Tide ended and the other resources were transported over, the India Sector would be able to continuously collect the Origin Energy here and then create various Origin Energy Elixirs and items.

At that time, the strength of the India Sector would probably soar for a period of time. During the energy tide next year, the India Sector could directly send 100 genius students to absorb energy to improve themselves near the Mars base of the India Sector. They could create a batch of elites quickly.

The engineers had already begun the basic construction of the fortifications. A small number of engineers had also begun to reinforce the tunnel that had been solidified.

The news that the European Sector had sold them was basically true. Two hours ago, the energy gushing out of the energy passageway here was almost exhausted. He could not let his guard down until the energy tide ended.

However, this did not prevent Sotum from reporting the good news to Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, immediately.

Sotum sent people to take photos and videos of the completed energy solidification tunnel. Then, he sent the elites of the Extreme Branch to the aerospace combat jet five kilometers away and sent them to Nilab.

At the India Sector’s general base on the Moon.

Nilab was overjoyed to see the series of photos Sotum had sent him. He first heaved a sigh of relief.

He had succeeded! The Mars base of the India Sector had finally been completed after so many years of planning. They finally had the capital to fight against the Huaxia Sector in the future! The India Sector would finally be able to obtain the status and right to speak that they really deserved in the six alliances. All these years, the India Sector had suffered! Now, they could hold their heads high!

As for him, Nilab, he would become a historical figure in the India Sector because of this. No matter what the future of the India Sector was, the history of the India Sector would have a spot for him. Other than relaxation, he was also excited.

Nilab opened a bottle of champagne. “Everyone, let’s drink to the preliminary completion of the Mars base of the India Sector! Cheers!”

Laughter filled the India Sector’s general base on the Moon.

At the same time, on Mars.

The Quantum Portal was completed. The energy that was attracted by the six red jade slips flowed backward. Originally, these six energy flows should have returned to their respective homes. They should return to their respective energy channels.

However, with the intervention of a powerful mental fluctuation, Number Five Red Jade Slip suddenly lit up. In an instant, the energy flow guided by the red jade slip soared.

Number Five Red Jade Slip directly took 10 to 20% of the energy flow guided by Number Four and Number Six. In an instant, the energy flow behind Number Five Red Jade Slip soared. It surged like a tide.

Xu Tui, who was affecting the flow of Origin Energy through the seventh red jade slip in his head, was stunned.

Number Five Red Jade Slip only took the energy from the sixth and fourth red jade slips that were close to it. The other red jade slips, including the second jade slip representing the Huaxia Sector, were not affected.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui activated his mind power again with the intention of protecting the safety of the energy solidification tunnel at the Huaxia Mars base. He split out a strand of mind power and affected the first red jade slip.

The location of the first red jade slip was the energy overflow tunnel of the Mars base of the American Sector. There was naturally a reason for choosing the scourge, the American Sector.

In an instant, the torrent of energy guided by the first red jade slip suddenly increased and it surged. At the same time, the energy flow guided by the other red jade slips that Xu Tui had not paid attention to weakened to a certain extent.

Xu Tui could sense the relevant changes through the seventh red jade slip. He was overjoyed! He once again strengthened his mind power on the first and the fifth red jade slips. The energy flow guided by the first and the fifth red jade slips had strengthened again, but it was extremely limited.

There should be a reason. Under Mars, the undercurrent that Xu Tui could not see but could sense was surging.

At the first energy overflow tunnel.

Sotum laughed happily as he looked at the Origin Energy Collection Converter starting to be installed and at the arm-thick energy pillar spewing out of the tunnel. Suddenly, Sotum frowned slightly. He heard a strange rumble and sizzle.

“Did you hear anything strange?” Sotum looked at the staff officer beside him.

The staff officer beside him also frowned. He had also heard a similar sound, but he could not pinpoint the source. After listening carefully, Sotum’s staff suddenly looked at the energy overflow tunnel that had been solidified. He suddenly lowered his body and pressed his ear against the ground.

In just an instant, the staff officer’s face turned extremely pale. “General, underground! The sound came from underground!”

Sotum’s expression changed. He also knelt down and listened. The moment Sotum fell to the ground, a rumbling impact suddenly sounded. Rock fragments mixed with magma instantly gushed out of the first energy overflow tunnel.

It was like a blowout.

The color on Sotum’s face instantly disappeared. At this moment, he only hoped that the energy overflow tunnel that they had just solidified was strong enough to withstand the tide!

However, just as this thought appeared in Sotum’s mind, he fell into despair. He saw that in less than three seconds, the entrance of the energy tunnel that they had solidified was shattered by the surging energy. The building fragments were blasted into the air, revealing the alloy structure inside.

Immediately after, the main structure of the alloy was blasted open. The equipment inside the tunnel was blasted into the sky by the energy flow. There were piles of them flying. The Origin Energy Collection Converter that he had just received also exploded.

Sotum collapsed to the ground.

It was ruined!

Sotum fell into despair. The energy overflow tunnel that had just been solidified was destroyed.

Was this a reflux of energy? Why was it so terrifying?

The more joy they felt after the initial construction of the Mars base of the India Sector, the more despair they felt now! In all directions, the engineers, special forces, and elite students of the India Sector were all stunned.

How could this be…

…

Moon, America Sector General Base.

Maiponeo, the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, felt a little lonely. He opened a bottle of wine himself and sipped slowly, ignoring the staff behind him.

The biggest winner had already appeared in this year’s Mars battlefield.

The biggest winners should be the Huaxia Sector and the India Sector. In a sense, the biggest winner was the India Sector as they had successfully built the Mars base.

However, there was no dispute about the biggest loser. It was the American Sector!

Even the weakest Africa Sector followed behind the Huaxia Sector and obtained the benefits. According to the intelligence, the Africa Sector had obtained 10% of the profits from the newly built Mars base of the Huaxia Sector.

However, the American Sector did not obtain anything. In addition, the casualty rate of the American Sector in the Mars battlefield this year exceeded 10%, far exceeding previous years. Yet, the gains, be it collective benefits or elite students, were less than those of the other alliances.

They were definitely the biggest losers!

Maiponeo felt an inexplicable headache when he thought about the accusations and impeachment he might face. Originally, the American Sector could have obtained a large number of benefits.

Unfortunately, the India Sector was too tricky. However, he did not expect this scammer to be so lucky!

Bang!

Just as Maiponeo was swirling his wine glass and slowly thinking about the future, the door of the meeting room was slammed open.

An intelligence staff staggered in.

Maiponeo frowned. Before he could reprimand him, the confidential staff suddenly said in an extremely frightened tone, “Director, an urgent report from the Mars base. It has encountered a reflux of energy flow that has not been seen in a hundred years. There is an extreme blowout in the energy solidification tunnel. It is severely damaged!”

Clang! The wine glass in Maiponeo’s hand fell to the ground and shattered. Maiponeo turned his head and said to the confidential secretary dryly, “Sir, this joke doesn’t sound good!”

“Mr. Director, this is an urgent report from the Mars base!” The confidential staff who barged in handed over a quickly printed document with extreme difficulty.

There were pictures in the document. The picture was the tragic state of the Mars base of the American Sector after the blowout. It was as ugly as a city swept by a typhoon.

Maiponeo felt as if he had fallen into an icehouse.

“The tunnel… is completely destroyed? Where’s the expert group? We’ve already arranged for the expert group to temporarily strengthen the passageway! Did they all go to eat sh*t? Where are they?!” Maiponeo, who had reacted, roared angrily! He roared for a full three minutes.

Three minutes later, the roaring stopped.

However, the reason why the roar stopped was that the expert team from the Mars Base of the American Sector had determined that the solidified energy overflow tunnel of the Mars base had been severely damaged by the reflux blowout.

But due to the temporary reinforcement, it was not completely destroyed. It could still be repaired.

However, based on the preliminary situation, the repair time might take a month or two. Moreover, because a portion of the tunnel had been destroyed, some of the buildings and walls had fallen, causing the tunnel to be blocked.

The consequence was that the flow of energy in the solidified energy tunnel in the Mars base of the American Sector might be permanently reduced by 10 to 30%.

Maiponeo was silent. This was a blessing in disguise.

However, a minute later, another piece of news made the bitter-looking Maiponeo laugh heartily. The energy passageway that the India Sector had solidified in the first overflow tunnel of the Mars battlefield was completely destroyed. The India Sector’s Mars base that was just constructed was destroyed before it could be used. The possibility of repair was infinitely close to zero!

Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, was celebrating the initial completion of their Mars base when he received this information. The news was too stimulating and he fainted on the spot.

Maiponeo, who had received the news, laughed loudly. His eyes were filled with tears. He had a bitter smile on his face.

The latest news.

The Mars base of the Huaya Sector, the Mars base of the Russian Federation, the Mars base of the European Sector, the Mars base of the Africa Sector, and the second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector were all safe and sound.