Chapter 612 - 612 Division Policy And Skewer (1)

612 Division Policy and Skewer (1)

“Mars belongs to the Blue Star, not the Huaxia Sector. Why?”

“Move aside!”

“Mars belongs to the Six Major Sectors, not the Huaxia Sector. Move aside!”

The students from the America and India Sectors clamored and even set the pace. Xu Tui brought Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Yan Xuejin, Miao Huanshan, and the other students who did not participate in the pursuit and instantly reached the front.

!!

An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan were 100 meters behind Xu Tui. Their mind power fluctuated slightly.

“Why?” Xu Tui asked Luo Murong to open his palm, revealing the half-burnt lightning-type Origin Crystal wristband. “Do you know what this is?” He pointed at the incomplete wristband with a cold expression. “This is the only relic of the third-year Dragon of the Huaxia Sector, Chu Wei! He had died in battle during the surprise attack on the strongest expert of the Spiritual Race, Yanzi. He had sacrificed himself! Just based on this, this is not a place where you can come and go as you please! This is the position that the warriors of the Huaxia Sector have defended with their lives!”

Luo Murong raised the incomplete bracelet in his palm.

The elite students from the European Sector, Russian Federation, and Africa Sector who had participated in that battle were silent. Fighting Yanzi was undoubtedly the most tragic! The third-year dragon of the Huaxia Sector, Chu Wei, was probably the top genius student who had died in the Mars battlefield this time.

The experts of the American Sector, Bobran and Li An, were also silent after Xu Tui reprimanded them. They were experts and students. They also had their pride. Nubian, the number one expert in the India Sector, was also silent.

These top geniuses were proud and intelligent. However, there was no lack of idiots in this world!

A cold laugh suddenly came from the elite students of the America Sector. “Who didn’t die? If he died on the battlefield, it’s either his cultivation level is poor or his luck is bad. Who can he blame?”

The expressions of the Huaxia Sector students changed drastically when they heard this.

“Motherf*cker!” Xu Tui cursed angrily, but he did not even look up. The mental hammer that he had condensed before he arrived instantly smashed down toward the source of the sound. Behind him, an extremely burly student from the American Sector suddenly vomited blood and fell to the ground.

Xu Tui’s extremely sudden attack made Bobran and Li An, who were at the front, unable to sit still.

“Xu Tui, do you want to start a war between the two great sectors?” Bobran and Li An shouted angrily at the same time.

Xu Tui raised the Vajra Barrier first. With Xu Tui’s demonstration, Luo Murong and Cui Xi also raised their Vajra Barriers. However, Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier was exceptionally eye-catching. Luo Murong raised Chu Wei’s belongings with his left hand and lowered the golden saber in his right hand. He was already prepared for battle.

The Huaxia Sector students behind him took action. Their fighting spirit surged! At the same time, the 3,000 elites of the American Sector also assumed a battle stance. The battle seemed to be on the verge of breaking out.@@novelbin@@

Silently, the people from the European Sector, the Russian Federation, the Africa Sector, and the India Sector retreated. They would be a fool not to watch a good show like this!

On the crater, Feng Xuanbiao issued consecutive orders. The remaining 2,000 elites of the Huaxia Sector in the crater also entered combat mode.

“Instigating a war between the two alliances? If the American Sector really fought us, it would be because of this idiot!” Xu Tui pointed towards the elite student from the American Sector who had been knocked out by his mental hammer and cursed. “I want to know if insulting a warrior who died in the war against the alien invasion is that student’s personal action or the official attitude of your American Sector.” Xu Tui faced Bobran and Li An without backing down.

Bobran and Li An’s expressions changed when he said that. Xu Tui’s question was digging a hole for them. At this moment, the students of the Huaxia Sector had already activated the recording function of their communication devices. Personal communication devices could not be used here, but the recording function had always been usable.

If they did not answer correctly, the American Sector would be in a terrible fix if they used this to cause trouble after the battle.

“Of course it’s his personal actions! Any warrior who sacrificed himself to defend the Blue Star is the most respected person in our American Sector!” After a second of silence, Bobran said in a low voice.

“Good! I think so too!” As he spoke, Xu Tui suddenly walked toward the American Sector’s student formation alone. However, his path was blocked by Bobran and Li An.

“Please make way,” Xu Tui said.

Bobran and Li An frowned at the same time. “What are you doing?”

“I’m going to look for that guy. That guy owes our fallen warriors an apology.” Xu Tui tilted his head and gestured for Bobran to make way.

Bobran and Li An hesitated.

“Why? He insulted a warrior who sacrificed himself to defend the Blue Star. Doesn’t he even need to apologize? Is this the style of the American Sector?” Xu Tui shouted.

Bobran and Li An looked at each other and felt a headache coming on. Public opinion could be big or small! If they stopped this kind of thing and the news spread back to the Blue Star, the people of the American Sector would probably spurn them!

In the next instant, Bobran turned to the side and made way.

Xu Tui walked forward. He stared at every student from the American Sector who blocked his way. In less than three seconds, the other party took the initiative to make way for him.

The students of the Huaxia Sector were extremely amazed. That’s right, Xu Tui was in the right. He was occupying the moral high ground!

However, the students of the American Sector were not as respectful as they had imagined.