Chapter 610 - 610 Great Victory

610 Great Victory

Yanzi’s sharp, frightened scream, mixed with shame and joy, instantly resounded throughout the venue. The participants from all directions, be it friend or foe, heard Yanzi’s extremely strange scream. No one understood what was going on. Even An Xiaoxue was a little confused. Why did Yanzi make such a strange sound?

However, no one delved deeper or became distracted because of this. This moment was war! It was a life-and-death battle!

Yanzi collapsed to the ground on the spot. The attacks from Xiang Daoxing, Zhao Hailong, Li Zhen, and An Xiaoxue immediately blasted towards Yanzi.

I’ll take your life while you’re weak!

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental chain connected to his lost flying sword again. He smashed his mental hammer toward Yanzi’s head again. However, Xu Tui, who had exceptional mental perception, still noticed something amiss.

Yanzi’s body twitched continuously as if she had been electrocuted under Xu Tui’s extreme treatment. Her straight thighs were clenched tightly. There was an irrepressible sound coming from her nose. The penetrating wound on her left shoulder was rapidly squirming and healing at a visible speed.

However, Xiang Daoxing, Zhao Hailong, and the others’ attacks had already landed on Yanzi.

“My Lord!” Yanzi’s remaining Spiritual Race guard, Cancheng, roared angrily and charged towards Yanzi without regard for anything else. He wanted to protect Yanzi.

In his anxiety, he wanted to break through Luo Murong’s obstruction. However, Yan Lie suddenly appeared. A saber light flashed and he beheaded him. Everyone’s attacks instantly landed on the fallen Yanzi.

Yanzi, who had been hit twice by Xu Tui’s mental hammer, felt her mind freeze for a moment. She was hit by Xiang Daoxing’s attack and spat out blood on the spot.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion also blasted into Yanzi’s body in an instant.

Boom! Blood splattered everywhere! There was a huge hole in her body and heart. The vital points of her head were protected by a faint layer of fire. They were about to kill Yanzi.

Yanzi, who’s heart was exploded at An Xiaoxue, was already on the verge of death. It was unknown if Yanzi had deliberately controlled it or if it was luck. But a few drops of blood that exploded from Yanzi’s body landed on the small purple lamp that Yanzi had dropped to the ground.

In an instant, the small purple lamp seemed to have been awakened. Purple flames instantly surged out and turned into a huge eggshell that enveloped Yanzi.

Bang bang bang bang!

The attacks of the others following closely behind were blocked by the purple eggshell. Zhao Hailong’s spear, which was flying toward Yanzi, also slammed into the purple flame eggshell.

In the next moment, Zhao Hailong gasped. His extraordinary-grade spear actually began to rapidly melt the moment it touched the purple flame. The purple flames that ignited on it swept towards Zhao Hailong.

Zhao Hailong instantly retreated. The flying sword that Xu Tui was about to throw out also instantly stopped. At the same time, beams of light flew out of the purple lamp and entered Yanzi’s body through the purple flame eggshell.

The huge hole in Yanzi’s chest was quickly blocked by a purple flame. Yanzi also recovered and opened her eyes.

Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue’s gaze shifted. Her silver hair fluttered as she used Dimensional Explosion again. The silver light disappeared in front of the purple flame eggshell.

But An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion did not appear in the purple flame eggshell. The Dimensional Explosion that flashed was still outside the purple flame eggshell. It suddenly collided with the purple flame eggshell, exploded, and dissipated. The purple flame eggshell did not even fluctuate.

Yanzi, whose mouth was bleeding, glared at An Xiaoxue with hatred under the protection of the purple flaming eggshell. She wanted to kill An Xiaoxue. It was this woman’s ability that gave her a fatal blow. She turned around and stared at Xu Tui with a murderous gaze. She gritted her teeth. That feeling just now was too embarrassing!

He actually made her…

If she had the chance, she would definitely cut this shameless person into pieces!

Yanzi’s gaze made Xu Tui shiver. It instantly gave Xu Tui the idea of eliminating any future troubles.

“Miss An, should I try again with my flying sword? Shall we join forces?” Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue.

Almost at the same time that An Xiaoxue nodded in agreement, an extremely old voice suddenly sounded from the purple flaming eggshell. “Yanzi, since you’re in danger, come back first. Don’t let Grandpa worry.” The old voice sounded very warm, but it had a strange power.

In an instant, the small purple lamp, which had become extremely dim because of the purple flame eggshell, spat out another purple flame. This purple flame was like a huge hand that directly supported the purple eggshell that was protecting Yanzi. It instantly fled into the distance like a purple bolt of lightning.

The small purple lamp lost its brilliance at this moment and fell to the ground. There was no energy aura at all.

Zhao Hailong drew his bow and fired five consecutive shots at the escaping purple flame eggshell. However, every arrow was incinerated into ashes by the purple flames the moment it touched it.

Xu Tui thought about it and did not dare to use his flying sword to chase after it. The purple flames were too powerful. It would be a huge loss if it melted Xu Tui’s main flying sword. He activated his mental hammer and slammed it into the purple flaming eggshell that was wrapped around Yanzi.

The purple hand seemed to have sensed something. The flames only increased slightly.

Swish!

Xu Tui’s mental hammer was incinerated into nothingness. The mental hammer was burned away. Silently, blood flowed out of Xu Tui’s eyes, ears, and mouth.

Xu Tui was stunned. The flames on the purple hand were so fierce? It was clearly just supernatural fire-element power, but it could actually directly incinerate his mental hammer. What level of power was this?

In just an instant, the huge purple hand left with the severely injured Yanzi. Black Eagle, who was commanding the battle, was dumbfounded. He was still organizing the elites to protect Yanzi. But Yanzi was seriously injured just like that, and she also ran away? What about them?

After considering it for a moment, Black Eagle made a decision.

“Quick, follow me to protect Lord Yanzi!” The Black Eagle shouted. Without waiting for the other alien warriors to react, he suddenly transformed into his eagle form and soared into the sky. He chased in the direction where Yanzi had fled.

The Black Eagle fled quickly, but Zhao Hailong, Xu Tui, and An Xiaoxue’s attacks were even faster. However, the Black Eagle was extremely fast and escaped quickly. He instantly flew hundreds of meters away, causing Zhao Hailong and An Xiaoxue’s attacks to miss.

However, Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly pierced the Black Eagle’s energy core. A crystal talisman was suddenly thrown out by the Black Eagle. It instantly condensed into an extremely thick fire shield.

The fire shield was like a balloon. A sharp protrusion appeared due to Xu Tui’s flying sword. After it reached its limit, Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly broke through it.

But due to this obstruction, the Black Eagle, which was already extremely good at flying, escaped another two to three hundred meters. It was about to escape Xu Tui’s maximum attack range.

It was too late to control the flying sword. There was no time to condense the mental hammer. The mental vibrating whip was instantly pulled out. The Black Eagle only staggered before quickly escaping into the distance.

In the temporary command center on the crater, Feng Xuanbiao had silently begun to command the Blue Star elites to counterattack and annihilate the extraterrestrial elites. The moment the Black Eagle fled, the extraterrestrial elites around the Black Eagle and the extraterrestrial elites around Yanzi were the first to react.

These extraterrestrial elites followed the Black Eagle’s figure and retreated without hesitation. It was a full retreat! However, the other extraterrestrial elites were not fools. They immediately reacted. If the envoy left with serious injuries and the commander, Black Eagle, left, what was the point of fighting?

The envoy was so strong, but she was already seriously injured, let alone them! Almost instantly, the second defeat of the extraterrestrial elites was formed.

The words ‘a landslide defeat’ were not false.

The tens of thousands of extraterrestrial elites who were fighting the Blue Star elites turned around and fled in panic. A small number of them were severely injured or even killed by the Blue Star elites on the spot.

Some of them were killed by the Blue Star elites when they turned to escape. What was worse was that there was no one to command them. There were frequent accidents when they were collectively fleeing.

It formed a crowded retreat. Not only were their own people blocking their path, but there were also incidents of their own people attacking their own people in order to escape quickly. From the moment the Black Eagle escaped and the extraterrestrial elites were defeated, the goal of these extraterrestrial elites had become one thing—to live!

They had to live! As for the other races, sorry!

The defeat of the extraterrestrial elites turned into a pursuit by the Blue Star elites. The conservative European Sector, Russian Federation, and Africa Sector that had been fighting just now were all rushing forward. Every time they killed one more, it would be their contribution points!

Contribution points were rewards! That was value!

Xu Tui’s flying sword shuttled through the air at lightning speed. Every strike could take away the life of an extraterrestrial elite. However, in just 30 seconds, the defeated extraterrestrial elites all escaped from Xu Tui’s battle range. He could only give up.

The elites of the other three alliances and some of the elites of the Huaxia Sector also chased after them. They had to pursue them.

Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui. “I’ll fly the sky aircraft, and you do the killing?”

Xu Tui also had the desire to chase after them. However, he shook his head in the end when he saw the six red jade slips hanging above his head in the distance and the seventh red jade slip that vaguely resonated with the six red jade slips in his head.

So many people had already chased after them. When they got the sky aircraft five kilometers away and boarded the plane to chase after them, they would not be able to create much of a result.

Previously, not many people dared to chase after the extraterrestrial elites after they were defeated the first time.

At this moment, most of the people chased after them.

“If your hands are itchy, you can chase after them for a while. Your ability is more suitable, but I’m not going,” Xu Tui said.@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie nodded and disappeared.

“Be careful. Don’t be greedy,” Xu Tui reminded him from afar.

Around the crater, the shouts gradually stopped.

They had a great victory!