Chapter 614 - 614 Division Policy And Skewer (3)

614 Division Policy and Skewer (3)

“10 researchers from the European Sector, Russian Federation and Africa Sector could enter respectively. Three researchers could enter from the India Sector. Only one researcher is allowed to enter from the American Sector!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the expressions of the elites in the American Sector changed drastically. Before they could react, Feng Xuanbiao gave the order and a combat staff officer quickly stepped forward to guide the researchers from the various sectors in.

The first to enter were the ten researchers from the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector respectively.

There were not many people in the Africa Sector. There were only four researchers sent. In the end, six combat elites gathered and entered the crater battle area together. Then, they walked towards the red jade slips’ defense quarantine area.

!!

In an instant, only the people from the India Sector and the American Sector were left in front of the confrontation.

The India Sector thought for only a few seconds before making a decision. Although the spots for three researchers were too few, it was barely enough. Three researchers walked towards the red jade slip’s defensive isolation area after confirming their identities.

One of the researchers from the India Sector kept observing Xu Tui as he entered. His gaze was emotionless.

However, Xu Tui, who often activated his mental perception, felt that the researcher’s observational gaze was like a carving knife. It caused his mental fluctuations to fluctuate continuously.

Xu Tui was stunned. He subconsciously sensed his surroundings. This researcher’s aura was actually a little obscure. He could not sense it!

Xu Tui was shocked once again. According to the intelligence reported by the India Sector, wasn’t this researcher a Level B Genetic Evolver? How could he make his mental perception feel obscure?

Xu Tui paid a little attention to him. He was still standing at the frontline of the confrontation with the American Sector.

The division policy of the higher-ups of the Huaxia Sector had successfully isolated the American Sector, causing them to instantly become alone and lose their momentum. There was only one researcher spot. It was rather useless.

It was very difficult for a researcher to carry out effective research and discussion if they chose to go in. If they did not go in and continue causing trouble, they would lose the chance to cause trouble!

The elite students of the Huaxia Sector kept returning. The number was constantly increasing. There were only 3,000 elite students in the American Sector. If a battle really broke out with the American Sector, the outcome would be hard to say! After all, the elite students of the Huaxia Sector had a record of severely injuring Yanzi.

Although the people from the American Sector were very strong, they did not have a similar battle record for the time being. They could not fight! But it would be a pity to retreat directly.

Helpless, the American Sector chose a researcher to enter with the idea that a spot was also a spot. After all, he could also obtain first-hand information. They could not miss the most mysterious and crucial change on Mars!

Soon, the American Sector debated for a while before sending a senior researcher into the red jade slip’s defense isolation area for research. The 3,000 elite students from the American Sector began to follow the requirements of the Huaxia Sector. They either left or changed their positions and stationed themselves. In any case, they could stand around the crater.

A few seconds later, Bobran and Li An, who had received the order, brought the 3,000 elites of the American Sector and prepared to set up camp a kilometer away. That was the nearest garrison requested by the Huaxia Sector.

When the 3,000 elites of the American Sector left, Akkin, who was in the formation, even carefully turned around to look at Xu Tui. When he looked at Xu Tui, Xu Tui was looking at him. He bared his white teeth and was still sneering.

Akkin’s heart skipped a beat. However, as the main group quickly left, Akkin’s uneasiness gradually dissipated.

Soon, Akkin followed the main group a kilometer away. He was already more than a thousand meters away from where Xu Tui and the others were standing at the foot of the mountain. They were about to reach their camp.@@novelbin@@

Akkin is also completely relaxed. Who could he scare with that look? Akkin whistled happily. The moment the whistle sounded, an earth spike suddenly rose between Akkin’s legs.

Swish!

It pierced into Akkin’s body between his legs. The spikes were extremely long and sharp. It pierced through Akkin’s heart.

Akkin screamed as the pain hit him. He instinctively turned around and looked at the crater. At the foot of the mountain, Xu Tui bared his white teeth and smiled brightly at Akkin, who had turned around. He had a sinister smile.

Akkin’s screams stopped.