Chapter 617 - 617 The Research On The Seventh Red Jade Slip And Xu Tui’S Strange Thoughts (3)

617 The Research on the Seventh Red Jade Slip and Xu Tui’s Strange Thoughts (3)

“Look, the energy flow has changed. The energy flow of this Number Three Red Jade Slip at six o’clock has increased by at least 10% based on the naked eye. The energy flow of Number Three Red Jade Slip has increased exponentially, but the energy flow of the other five jade slips does not seem to have decreased. What was going on? Was this an enhanced energy flow? Or…?”@@novelbin@@

The researchers were confused.

“It might also be a mistake in visual observation.”

…

The researchers were stunned, and Xu Tui was even more so. The change in the energy flow of the Number Three Red Jade Slip was caused by Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had only slightly affected the Number Three Red Jade Slip through the seventh jade slip in his head. Then the energy flow in the Number Three Red Jade Slip had increased greatly. This was a discovery that Xu Tui had made before.

However, according to the observations of the other researchers, the energy flow guided by the other five red jade slips did not change.

This did not make sense. Under normal circumstances, the total amount of energy flow was fixed. If one increased, the others would decrease correspondingly.

Xu Tui believed that there was a possibility that these researchers had made a mistake with their naked eyes. But the possibility of this happening was definitely not bigger than 10%. Then why was this happening?

Xu Tui did not need to think. A researcher from the Russian Federation opened his mind. “Is it possible that the energy flow guided by these six red jade slips all comes from different directions?”

The energy flow guided by the six red jade slips came from different directions? This immediately reminded Xu Tui of another discovery. Through the seventh red jade slip in his head, he could sense and control the six red jade slips.

This was especially so when it affected the energy flow of the six red jade slips. Xu Tui could see a blurry image flickering in the red jade slip that was being affected by him through the seventh red jade slip. However, he could not see it clearly.

This made Xu Tui come up with a bunch of guesses, but he had no clue. However, the researcher from the Russian Federation gave Xu Tui a lead. What if the energy flow guided by the six red jade slips came from different directions? If it did not come from the tunnel in front of him, where might this different direction come from?

There was only one answer. Other energy overflow channels! Of course, it is one possibility that it came from the other energy overflow tunnels. Another possibility would be underground. However, there had only been a total of seven energy overflow channels on Mars. Other than the crater, there are six other energy overflow tunnels. And there were seven red jade slips!

Xu Tui highly suspected that behind every red jade slip, there was an energy overflow tunnel, whether it had already been solidified or not.

Xu Tui wanted to verify his guess.

After thinking about it, Xu Tui changed his explanation and communicated with Xiang Daoxing. Then, he asked Xiang Daoxing to use his authority to obtain relevant changes through the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

Xiang Daoxing was a researcher who belonged to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Xu Tui had saved his life by interrupting his breakthrough. He was exceptionally affectionate when he faced Xu Tui.

Xu Tui explained his general guess. He said that the energy flow of the next six red jade slips might change one after another. He wanted Xiang Daoxing to help and obtain the changes in the flow of energy in the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. If possible, he could also obtain the data of the fluctuations in the energy channels of the other Mars bases.

This problem was not difficult. The Mars base of the Huaya Sector does not entirely belong to the Huaya Sector. Similarly, the Mars base of the Russian Federation was not purely theirs. The Huaxia Sector also had a share, although not much. It was the same for the Africa Sector. The Huaxia Sector did not have a share of the Mars base of the American Sector, but the Russian Federation did.

One connection after another. Under such circumstances, it was very difficult to obtain key information. However, it was not difficult if they wanted to obtain the information about the changes in the flow of energy in the energy tunnel.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui affected the energy flow of the red jade slip named Number One through the seventh jade slip in his head. The energy flow of the Number One Red Jade Slip instantly increased by more than 15%.

Three minutes later, Xiang Daoxing received a message from the outside world. Just eight minutes ago, the energy flow of the Mars base of the American Sector plummeted to a point where it was almost exhausted. Afraid that there would be a problem with the solidified energy tunnel, the experts rushed over to do various research. The Mars base of the American Sector was in chaos. Fortunately, it recovered five minutes later.

The energy flow of the Mars base of the American Sector recovered slightly. Although it was very little, it did not stop.

“So, the energy tunnel affected by the Number One Red Jade Slip is the energy channel of the Mars base of the American Sector?”

Xu Tui made another attempt. This time, he affected the Number Two Red Jade Slip that he had named. The energy flow guided by Number Two Red Jade Slip increased by more than 10%.

A few minutes later, Xiang Daoxing received an emergency notice from the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. The solidified energy tunnel in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base was already extremely depleted. There was an abnormality and it was almost exhausted.

Number Two Red Jade Slip affected the energy flow tunnel of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

After trying them out one by one, he quickly came to a conclusion.

Number Three Red Jade Slip affected the energy overflow tunnel of the Energy Overflow Tunnel.