Chapter 616 - 616 The Research On The Seventh Red Jade Slip And Xu Tui’S Strange Thoughts (2)

616 The Research on the Seventh Red Jade Slip and Xu Tui’s Strange Thoughts (2)

Xu Tui chuckled and did not speak. He liked Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator. Although Li Zhen was more troublesome, Xu Tui did not like him. He was too sinister. He kept hiding at the back, so Xu Tui did not like him.

Zhu Lang’s words made the eyes of many students from the Huaxia Sector light up.

“But in the entire Mars battlefield, only Xu Tui has displayed a combat distance of nearly a thousand meters,” a student said in confusion.

Zhu Lang glared at the student again. “Who said that? Xu Tui’s maximum combat distance was clearly 920 meters. The distance now should be more than 1,100 meters. If they don’t believe me, let Xu Tui test it on the spot!”

!!

The Huaxia Sector students were dumbfounded! Test it on the spot? Was there a need to test the furthest combat distance for Xu Tui himself? Since he said that it’s 920 meters, it would definitely not be 921 meters.

This time, it was the Huaxia Sector’s students’ turn to praise Zhu Lang. Commander Zhu Lang had clearly arranged this verbal battle.

Xu Tui chuckled. He had such considerations before he attacked. He did not expect Zhu Lang to make such a thorough arrangement.

“Who said that we have attacked? Akkin had a poor character and had many grudges. It was very likely that an earth-element superb individual in their organization had taken the opportunity to attack him. Our Xiang Daoxing researcher even sensed the fluctuations of earth-element supernatural power in the American Sector when Akkin died.” Li Zhen’s slightly sinister voice sounded. The scene immediately became filled with curses.

They were convinced! This was the highest realm of verbal argument! You guys are fighting each other, yet you still dare to accuse us?

“Don’t worry. What’s going to happen next is a verbal battle. I’ll be the main attacker. Old Li will be the main attacker on the strange path. It’ll definitely make the American Sector unable to scream. Unless they have solid evidence!” Zhu Lang had a confident expression.

Li Zhen was speechless and disdainful. F*ck, can you talk nicely? What do you mean by I’m the main attacker on the strange path? You’re the one who’s the main attacker on the strange path!

…

“You just killed Akkin. You were a little impulsive.” This was the first thing An Xiaoxue said when she saw Xu Tui after she turned around. She had a hint of reprimand in her voice.

Seeing that Xu Tui was being trained, Bian Yuan quickly stepped forward to help Xu Tui out. “No, this Akkin is too despicable. I just don’t have enough ability. Otherwise, I would have wanted to kill him on the spot…”

An Xiaoxue glared at him, and Bian Yuan obediently shut his mouth. Xu Tui lamented when he saw the situation. Mr. Bian Yuan, can’t you be a little more forceful?@@novelbin@@

However, An Xiaoxue’s next words stunned Xu Tui and Bian Yuan.

“You should have looked for me just now. I could have used Dimensional Explosion to kill him silently without anyone suspecting you. Or you can use the mental hammer to blast him! With Akejin’s mental strength and the power of your current mental hammer, it would take at most three to five strikes to cause his mind to collapse on the spot and die! Who can tell that you did it?” An Xiaoxue, who had listed out two untraceable methods to kill Akkin, glared at Xu Tui for the first time.

Xu Tui: “…”

Bian Yuan: “…”.

Was this the same Miss An Xiaoxue in their hearts? She was too good at this! If the handsome people in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College who regarded An Xiaoxue as a goddess knew about this, wouldn’t they tremble in fear?

“What are you looking at? I only gave you a better choice.” An Xiaoxue felt a little uncomfortable under Xu Tui and Bian Yuan’s stunned gazes. She turned around and walked toward the six red jade slips. As a professor from the Huaxia Sector, An Xiaoxue could study the six red jade slips in the sky at any time.

Xu Tui and Bian Yuan followed her.

…

The six red jade slips were like six energy-pulling machines. They split the energy in the second energy overflow tunnel into six and merged into the vortex tunnel in the sky. That’s right. Up until now, he could basically confirm that the vortex tunnel formed by the six red jade slips was most likely another Quantum Portal.

A few urgent problems were placed in front of the researchers. If it was really a Quantum Portal, where did the Quantum Portal here lead? If it was really a Quantum Portal, was it one-way or two-way? If these six red jade slips could form a Quantum Portal by gathering energy, would it be possible to obtain the preliminary theory and technology to create a Quantum Portal by studying these six red jade slips?

Once the humans on the Blue Star mastered the technology of the Quantum Portal, the changes to the Blue Star could be said to be strategic! At the very least, they would not have to go through so much trouble from the Blue Star to the Moon.

Although more than ten hours was not long, the sky shuttle was not as convenient as the Quantum Portal where it would only take a few seconds.

The researchers from the other sectors gathered together to discuss and study. Some of them had even picked up their optical binoculars and started to look at the patterns of the red jade slip.

They used the ultra-resolution camera to capture everything about the six red jade slips from all angles, as well as various usable analytical instruments and mental perception. With their cooperation, the process of collecting research data was extremely fast.

Only the researcher from the American Sector was flustered. The mission of collecting research information was too heavy. Who knew when something would happen to the six jade slips? It would be strange if he was not anxious.

Suddenly, a researcher from the European Sector exclaimed.