Chapter 611 - 611 Blue Star’S Biggest Problem

611 Blue Star’s Biggest Problem

There was no longer an extraterrestrial elite around the crater in the second tunnel. Only the engineering troops of the Huaxia Sector operated relatively simple machines and quickly built a solidified energy overflow tunnel.

Commander Feng Xuanbiao was not sloppy. The special forces of the Huaxia Sector and the elite students of the Huaxia Sector who remained were arranged by Feng Xuanbiao to re-establish the defensive line and isolation area.

The battle with the extraterrestrial invaders had temporarily ended, but the battle to build the second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector had just begun. Of course, elites like Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Xiang Daoxing were exceptions.

Another medical team began to treat the injured. The combat staff began to count the casualties. The situation was the fastest on the assault team’s side. There were not many people, but they were the most severely injured.

Lu Zongye, a Level A Genetic Evolver, died in battle.

The third-year dragon, Chu Wei, died in battle.

Other than that, there was also another Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator from the Mars base of the Huaya Sector who died. He must have been silently burned away by Yanzi’s fire dragon.

Half of the others were injured. There were a total of 16 people in the assault team. A fifth of them had died in battle. This ratio was extremely high.

Xiang Daoxing, who had come with Lu Zongye, was extremely sad. He wanted to find some of Lu Zongye’s battlefield remains to bring back. It could be considered returning home. However, he could not find it. In the end, he asked Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue to help them search with their mental perception.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. There was a lot of ashes on the battlefield. However, these three were not the only warriors who had died in the entire battle.

The third-year dragon, Chu Wei, had nothing left. Luo Murong, who was also a third-year Tiger, found a metal lump at the scene of the battle. It was a wristband with an incomplete lightning-type Origin Crystal fused into it. This was a relic of the third-year Dragon, Chu Wei.

In the end, An Xiaoxue helped Xiang Daoxing find a golden lump the size of a soybean. According to him, it should be Lu Zongye’s wedding ring.

An indescribable weight pressed down on Xu Tui’s chest. He did not think much of seeing them die in battle. But the feeling after the battle was indescribable.

This was war!

Now, Xu Tui would even be excited when he encountered a war.

Fight!

Kill the enemy!

Meritorious service!

However, after the war ended…

…

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood Feng Xuanbiao’s state when he first arrived at the Mars battlefield. This was a soldier!

…

In the integrated base of the Moon’s America Sector, Maiponeo, who was waiting for the information in the combat hall, received the preliminary information of the battle in the second energy overflow tunnel.

After confirming that the Spirits had fled after being severely injured, the extraterrestrial elites were defeated once again. He sighed when he heard that the number of Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators who died in battle in the Huaxia Sector were less than five people. “What a pity… Why is this Spiritual Race so trashy? Are Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators in the India Sector all made of paper?”

“By the way, I regret the speed of the combat team’s march. They had already won the second battle area, but they had yet to arrive. I hope that they can rush over in the shortest time possible. Perhaps they still need our experts over there. They definitely need it!”

…

It was also the moon, in the India Sector’s general base. Nilab kept flipping through the battle report regarding the second energy overflow combat area. He had a look of disbelief.

There were less than five Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators who died in battle. This was definitely not true!

Previously, Yanzi had brought people to attack. They had been caught off guard. Almost 20 Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators from the India Sector had died in battle.

Suddenly, Nilab regretted his decision. He regretted trading the combat video information to the Huaxia Sector.

His original thought was that even if the Huaxia Sector obtained the combat videos, Yanzi and the others’ strength were still better than them. In a life-and-death battle, it should be normal for 40 to 50 Genetic Evolution Realm experts in the Huaxia Sector to die, right?

It would be best if the entire second energy overflow combat circle was taken over by the Spiritual Race’s Yanzi and the extraterrestrial elites. That would definitely be the best. That way, he could have a good drink!

Unfortunately, things did not go according to his wishes. It was completely beyond his expectations.

The losses in the Huaxia Sector were too small. Most importantly, they had killed four Spiritual Race guards and severely injured Yanzi. They had won again.

Suddenly, Nilab was jealous! He was extremely envious. Why was the difference in the situation so great?

“Fortunately, the Mars base of the India Sector is about to be built. As for the new base of the Huaxia Sector, there are still many variables. Who knows if it can be built…” Nilab consoled himself.

…

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue sat side by side at a broken wall in the innermost circle of the crater. This was the first time Xu Tui felt quiet since he entered the Mars battlefield. He sat quietly beside An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui felt that he had many questions he wanted to ask An Xiaoxue before he met her, but he did not have the chance to. They were now in a quiet place and sitting together. But he did not know what to say.

An Xiaoxue had been very quiet. She had always been quiet and at ease. She did not feel like Xu Tui.

“Miss An, there’s a blood spot on the outside of your mask.”

“Yeah.” An Xiaoxue took out a new blue mask and changed into it. The old mask was folded and put back into her backpack.

“Miss An…”

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing…”

“Hmm?”

“You’re not injured, are you?”

“No…”

“…”

“…”

“Take a break. When your mind power reaches a certain level, you can recover a small amount of mind power even if you close your eyes to rest.”

Xu Tui’s words were too meaningless. Instead, An Xiaoxue spoke about something serious.

Xu Tui suddenly felt at ease with An Xiaoxue’s words. It felt easier to get along without thinking about those messy thoughts.

“Let nature take its course…” Xu Tui suddenly let go. Then, he entered meditation and entered the illusory introspective state. He looked at his genetic ability chain and felt a little pity.

Previously, the mental perception genetic ability chain and the Stab Formula genetic ability chain had both fused with the new genetic base points. A few of the genetic base points were even Level 1 white. They looked exceptionally dazzling.

At this moment, all of his energy had been drawn away by the six red jade slips and he could not cultivate. When he had the time in the future, he would strengthen these genetic base points to Level 2 even if he had to use Origin Crystals to cultivate. Otherwise, it would be too uncomfortable to look at.

Actually, Xu Tui could cultivate. He felt that if he injected his mind power into the seventh red jade slip in his head, he should be able to obtain a large amount of Origin Energy from the seventh red jade slip for his cultivation.

He could continuously sense that the influence of the seventh red jade slip on the six red jade slips was not small.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had not sensed the effects of the six red jade slips on the red jade slip in his head. But Xu Tui did not do that even if it could send a large amount of Origin Energy over. If he did that, Xu Tui might instantly become the center of attention of the entire Blue Star and the six alliances.

He would be the research focus. There would be unpredictable consequences. It was most likely troublesome.

In comparison, there were not many benefits. Even if he attracted the energy flow to train for an hour, it would only be 20 grams of Origin Crystals. It was better to study the seventh red jade slip in his head.

Xu Tui’s choice made sense.

In less than 15 minutes, a team of nearly 100 elites from the India Sector suddenly arrived. However, before this team could approach the crater, they were stopped by the special combat team arranged by Feng Xuanbiao.

This was the war zone of the Huaya Sector, the Russian Federation, the European Sector, and the Africa Sector. There was no need for the India Sector to interfere. Moreover, the battle was over!

Backup? There was no need!

However, the India Sector team immediately changed their words.

Research! The expert team sent by the India Sector wanted to study the situation of the six red jade slips and give advice to the Blue Star.

Feng Xuanbiao definitely did not agree with this. However, a few minutes later, the expert teams from the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector also rushed over. Their goals were surprisingly the same: The experts had to study the six red jade slips and the prototype of the vortex tunnel created by the energy flow.

Feng Xuanbiao made an excuse that he had not received any instructions from his superiors and did not let them pass.@@novelbin@@

But less than five minutes later, the 3,000-strong team from the American Sector arrived at the foot of the mountain.

In an instant, the situation became tense.

“Professor Xiang, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, if there’s a conflict, kill the commanders and officers of the American Sector immediately!”

Feng Xuanbiao had already given Xu Tui an order. At the same time, he began to order the elite students of the Huaxia Sector who had participated in the pursuit to be recalled. The situation instantly became strange and tense.

The army of the American Sector had the intention of picking fruits.

At the foot of the mountain, a conflict began. The elites of the American Sector wanted to go up the mountain and study the six fire slips. Of course, if they observed it carefully, the American Sector also maintained their restraint. The special forces elites of the American Sector Base were only lined up. There were no movements from the elite students of the American Sector.

Among them, the top two experts of the elite students of the American Sector, Bobran and Li An, were the loudest.

“Mars belongs to the Blue Star, not the Huaxia Sector. Why can’t we go up and study it?”

“That’s right. Why?

“Mars belongs to the Blue Star. Wars are fought together. Why aren’t we allowed to enter?” Bobran roared. The students from the American Sector behind him kept clamoring.

The India Sector also began to clamor.

Feng Xuanbiao frowned and looked at Xu Tui. Xu Tui already understood what Feng Xuanbiao meant. Since the students from the American Sector had stepped forward, it would be best for the students from the Huaxia Sector to deal with this matter. At the same time, it could also shrink the conflict to a certain extent.

From this point of view, the American Sector was not unscrupulous. However, it was very infuriating! This was probably the biggest problem on the Blue Star.

“Murong, Brother Cui, let’s make a trip.” As he spoke, Xu Tui led the students from the assault team forward with a cold expression.