Chapter 613 - 613 Division Policy And Skewer (2)

613 Division Policy and Skewer (2)

Of course, no one knew that Xu Tui had silently activated Spiritual Resonance the moment he asked Luo Murong to take out Chu Wei’s belongings. He used his mood to influence the surrounding students in the American Sector.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui walked up to the student who had yet to wake up from the beating. He was slightly stunned when he flipped him over.

He’s an acquaintance! What the f*ck!

Some people were despicable. It was Akkin. Previously, he had shamelessly given Xu Tui and Yan Lie an empty Origin Crystal bag in the first combat area. He took away the spoils of war that should have belonged to Xu Tui and Yan Lie. He did not expect that he would be so despicable again in this confrontation between the two alliances.

!!

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. He grabbed one of Akkin’s arms, who was still unconscious, and dragged him toward the center of the confrontation.

Some of the students from the American Sector could not bear to see Xu Tui like this. However, no one stopped him in the end.

“Senior Li, give him a shot!”

Li Zheng understood what Xu Tui meant. She activated her mind power, and a thick stream of water poured onto Akkin’s face. The unconscious Akkin woke up from the shock of the water.

Akkin, who had woken up, was still a little confused. He instinctively wanted to stand up, but Luo Murong stepped on his head and he fell to the ground again.

“Apologize! Apologize to the sacrificed warrior, Chu Wei!” Luo Murong raised the relic of the third-year Dragon, Chu Wei, and shouted.

“Hey, grandson, apologize. Otherwise, I’ll find an opportunity to kill you for the rest of my life!” Cui Xi shouted.

Akkin was furious, but when he saw that the situation was wrong, he looked at the strongest students in the American Sector, Bobran and Li An, for help. Bobran was silent for a moment before saying in a low voice, “Akkin, apologize! Any warrior who sacrificed himself to protect the Blue Star is worthy of our respect!”

Hearing this, Akkin was about to jump up when he was once again stepped onto the ground by Luo Murong.

“Why? Someone from our American Sector has also sacrificed himself! Why should I apologize?” Akkin was very tough! “I won’t!”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes slightly. A fierce light shone in his eyes.

“Akkin!” Bobran growled.

“It’s just an apology!” Li An also advised, “After all, we want to enter the second energy overflow combat area, and this person just sacrificed himself to guard this place!”

Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he saw Akkin straighten his neck. “You can choose not to apologize, but I swear that I will kill you the next time I see you. Definitely!”

Xu Tui’s smile was brilliant. His dazzling white teeth made Akkin’s heart suddenly turn cold. It seemed that it was not impossible to accept the persuasion of Bobran and Li An. After all, he was just apologizing to a dead person. There’s no loss.

Nodding slightly, Akkin whispered to the relic of the third-year Dragon, Chu Wei, in Luo Murong’s hand, “I’m sorry. I apologize!”

“It’s too soft. We can’t hear you!” Cui Xi shouted.

Akkin glared at Cui Xi, then turned around to look at Bobran and Li An. The two of them did not say anything. Helpless, Akkin shouted, “I’m sorry. I apologize!” After saying that, Akkin asked in extreme displeasure, “That’s enough, right?”

Xu Tui did not say anything. He only grinned coldly with his white teeth. Luo Murong was dissatisfied. “According to the rules of the Huaxia Sector, you have to bow to the dead!”

“Bastards!” Akkin cursed, but Bobran and Li An still looked at him. Helpless, Akkin bowed slightly toward the incomplete wristband in Luo Murong’s hand.

Before he could speak, Luo Murong spoke again. “Ninety degrees!”

Akkin was so angry that his eyes widened. However, no one said anything to him. He had no choice but to do as he was told. “I’m sorry. I apologize for my previous actions!” Akkin bowed 90 degrees to Chu Wei’s belongings.

After bowing, he returned to the formation of the American Sector without looking back. However, he saw from the corner of his eye that Xu Tui was still baring his white teeth and smiling coldly. It made him feel inexplicably uneasy. It was only when he returned to his comrades in the America Sector that he felt less uneasy.

The apology was over!

“Alright, he has apologized. Now, can we allow our researchers to enter the crater and study the six red jade slips at close range?” Bobran stepped forward and said.

As soon as he said that, the European Sector, Russian Federation, and Africa Sectors who had just retreated stepped forward and instantly followed behind the American Sector.

“Wait a moment. We’re waiting for the instructions from above. Three minutes!” Feng Xuanbiao spoke from behind.

Three minutes was not long. The leaders of the various sectors tacitly agreed to wait. Three minutes was not a long time, but in these three minutes, the elites of the Huaxia Sector who had just set off to pursue the extraterrestrial elites returned one after another.

For example, Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong. Within three minutes, more than a hundred elites from the Huaxia Sector returned. When these people returned, Zhao Hailong stood not far behind Xu Tui without saying a word. He held his longbow slightly. Yan Lie disappeared.@@novelbin@@

This made the expressions of the elite students and researchers of the various alliances turn ugly. Was the Huaxia Sector really going to monopolize it?

At this moment, three minutes passed.

“According to the orders of Lieutenant General Wei, after the discussion and the approval of the six major alliances’ emergency consultation meeting, the number of researchers who can enter the crater to study the red jade slips will be based on their contribution to the second energy overflow combat area!”

Feng Xuanbiao’s voice rang out.