Chapter 629 - 629 An Irresistible Hint

629 An Irresistible Hint

Phobos’ position in the entire extraterrestrial system of the Blue Star was that it was an emergency base that was mainly military. It was mainly responsible for the transit of communication with the Moon, as well as military support and integrated dispatch to Mars.

Nearly 30,000 elite students surged into the Phobos’ base. The logistical pressure on the Phobos was extremely great. Even though Phobos had already built an extremely advanced water-circulation collection system and a three-dimensional bioecological proliferation area, the scale was still limited.

In fact, from the beginning of the design to the ongoing construction, the position of Phobos had always been a transitional base.

Therefore, after the students participating in the Mars combat received environmental adaptation treatment and post-war traumatic stress psychological treatment, and underwent a full-wave information testing device, all the students would return to the Moon from the Quantum Portal of Phobos.

!!

The Moon was the Blue Star’s current first base in the extra-terrestrial.

Xu Tui also received an order. According to the arrangements of the Phobos’ Combat Command, he had to arrive at the quantum portal’s fortress of Phobos at two o’clock in the afternoon on the 16th of February. He had to wait to pass through the Quantum Portal and return to the moon.

Basically, they pass the portal by sector. In the afternoon of the 16th, most of the students who passed were from the Huaxia Sector. The teachers of the Genetic Mutation Realm and Genetic Evolution Realm that the various sectors gave preferential treatment to would only pass one after another after all the students had left.

The Quantum Portal of Phobos had the same restrictions as the Quantum Portal of the Moon base.@@novelbin@@

On the morning of the 16th, according to the plan, Xu Tui wanted to sleep in until ten o’clock. Unfortunately, a certain muscular man next door, supposedly from the Extreme Branch, had started to train himself in the extremely cramped single-person dormitory at six in the morning.

It disturbed his sleep! This was completely different from Xu Tui’s training before he went to bed at night. He got out of bed to get some air.

In the extraterrestrial base, both the Moon and the Phobos had one bad point. Although they were all single dormitory rooms, they were extremely narrow.

The single dormitory on the Moon at least had a little space. There was a bed, a medical cabinet, and a place to sit. If someone really did a two-person exercise, they would be able to use it. However, the single dormitory of Phobos was extremely narrow. Even the bed and bathroom were only slightly more than three square meters.

Outside the protective shield of the Phobos’ base was a dark outer space. Occasionally, a dazzling light would flash. It might be a meteorite. It was gone before it could turn into a meteor.

After breakfast, Xu Tui strolled around the limited area. He first walked toward the cleaning area. The laundry room was there. The combat uniform he had worn during the Mars battle was already extremely dirty.

When he arrived at Phobos, he changed into the casual clothes that the department had prepared according to the information, including the brand new disposable underwear. The service department of the Phobos was quite considerate. However, the underwear felt too small for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had come to the cleaning area today mainly to collect the combat uniform he had washed. He had to wear an extraterrestrial combat uniform when he returned to the moon.

The reason was very simple. It was just like how the landing point was very random when one arrived on Mars through a Quantum Portal from the Moon base. When they arrived at the Moon from the Quantum Portal of Phobos, their landing point was also random.

Basically, the possibility of him being lucky enough to land around the various bases on the Moon bases was extremely low.

The moon was vacuum. If they did not wear combat uniforms, these elite students would not be able to last more than a few minutes even if they activated a large number of oxygen-powered genetic ability chains.

The oxygen-powered genetic ability chain only allowed their bodies to adapt to a lower and more extreme oxygen supply, but it could not be oxygen-free.

Not ever.

At the very least, current technology and inventions could not allow humans to survive without oxygen.

Xu Tui had a say in this. That was because he had completely activated the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain not long after he entered the Mars battlefield. The activation of the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain only further reduced Xu Tui’s need for oxygen. He had to have oxygen.

Of course, there were also advantages. For example, every combat uniform had four built-in emergency oxygen bags.

According to the officials, every oxygen bag could allow the elite students participating in the battle to last for at least half an hour. As long as they passed the training before the Moon battle, there would be no problems.

Xu Tui took the time to do a test after he activated his oxygen-powered genetic ability chain. The emergency oxygen bag on his combat uniform could last him for more than an hour and a half. Four emergency oxygen bags could support Xu Tui for six hours.

One of the important aspects that Xu Tui could contribute greatly in the actual combat on Mars was the activation of the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain. However, this was very ordinary and no one noticed it.

During the actual combat on Mars, Xu Tui had never been restricted by oxygen. His strength was 100% unleashed. When he was in the second combat area, he had also strengthened the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain to a level-two genetic ability chain.

Under such circumstances, it only took half an hour to enhance the genetic ability chain. Moreover, Xu Tui clearly realized that the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain was also an important foundation for intergalactic battles.

At that time, Xu Tui had looked forward to the strengthening of the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain to Level 2 genetic ability chain. Would he be able to achieve oxygen-free breathing?

The answer was no!

After the oxygen-powered genetic ability chain was strengthened to Level 2, Xu Tui’s consumption and use of oxygen were greatly reduced. However, he still had to have oxygen. It was fine even if he had a mouthful of oxygen.

Xu Tui could last for more than half an hour as long as he inhaled a mouthful of oxygen. But he could not survive without oxygen.

This was also the reason why all the elite students had to wear their extraterrestrial combat uniforms when they returned to the moon. After all, other than the dangers brought about by the harsh natural environment, there was no other danger on the Moon.

There were quite a number of students who came to retrieve their combat uniforms early in the morning. He still had to queue. However, some fourth-year or even third-year seniors took their combat uniforms from another passageway and left immediately.

This was not a privileged passageway. Instead, it was because the combat uniforms from the passageway were all custom-made combat uniforms. Customized combat uniforms were made at a high price on the Moon based on an individual’s size, abilities, and needs. It was several times more comfortable, defensive, and practical than the standard model.

Those who could customize their combat uniforms were the cream of the crop.

Xu Tui remembered that Dai Lijun had a custom-made combat uniform. He would have to customize a personal combat uniform when he returned to the moon.

“Student Xu Tui, your registration combat uniform number is 1024. The registration requirement is that it is not damaged. There is no need to replace or repair it. It is deeply clean, hydrated, and oxygenated. The status has been completed. Wait a moment.”

Thirty seconds later, Combat Suit No. 1024 was delivered by the conveyor belt. Xu Tui opened it and used his mental perception. He could no longer sense any of his aura through the thoroughly clean combat uniform.

God knew if there was a mix-up.

When he returned, he would hurry up and customize a personal combat uniform. That way, there would be no such problems.

After returning to his room, Xu Tui took off his casual clothes and began to put on his extraterrestrial combat uniform again. Before putting on his clothes, he scanned the uniform with his mental perception as usual. There were no abnormalities. He put it on.

Xu Tui was in a daze for a moment after he put on his combat uniform. It was as if he had returned to the Mars battlefield.

Xu Tui, who understood that this was his post-war stress, shook his head vigorously to get rid of these thoughts. He suddenly missed home. He missed his parents! The emotions of wanting to go home surged like a tidal wave.

“Hang in there a little longer.” Xu Tui said to himself in the mirror. Suddenly, his communication device vibrated slightly. There was a message. He did not even need to see the message before Ah Huang read it.

“Xu Tui, I have another brilliant idea regarding the Nine Yin Scriptures of the Huaxia Genetic Ancient Martial Arts. I’m anxious to discuss it with you. I will be in my office before one o’clock today. If you have time, we can discuss it at any time.” This was a message from Koopman, the intelligence chief of the Phobos Operation Command.

To be honest, Xu Tui did not like interacting with Koopman. The most fundamental reason was actually Shamera.

Xu Tui preferred home. He did not like the huge vortex of power struggle. In any case, Xu Tui understood that Koopman had not called him over to discuss the Nine Yin Scripture. Up until now, Xu Tui only knew the superficial meaning of the so-called Nine Yin Scripture.

“I’m sorry. I’m very busy and not interested.” Xu Tui rejected Koopman without much hesitation. He instinctively felt that the reason why Koopman was looking for him might be related to Shamera. As if I’ll talk to you about the damn Nine Yin Scriptures. I’m not going.

However, just as Xu Tui replied, Koopman immediately replied to Xu Tui. This message was a little strange. It was a picture. In the picture, there was a smooth and curved back. A man was painting on his back.

At first, Xu Tui did not react. However, after being stunned for a moment, a word suddenly popped up in Xu Tui’s mind.

Painted Skin!

Koopman was hinting that Xu Tui had news about Painted Skin. From this hint, Xu Tui could roughly determine that Koopman was definitely up to no good. However, Xu Tui could not refuse this hint.

“Ah Huang, can you hack into the super quantum computer core database of the Phobos Base?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Connect it to my main body. Give me two to three years and I should be able to complete the invasion.”

“Forget that I asked.” Xu Tui had a depressed expression. “From now until I leave after meeting Koopman, use all your power to capture and analyze information related to Koopman. Record every detail.” Xu Tui pushed open the door and walked out after making a decision.

“No problem. Ah Huang agreed readily. Xu Tui could clearly feel the communication device on his wrist begin to heat up. It was obvious that Ah Huang was running at full speed. However, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears less than three seconds later. “Xu Tui, I seem to have discovered something very interesting on you. I need you to confirm it for me.”

“On me? What do you mean?” Xu Tui was stunned.