Chapter 628 - 628 The Power Loss In The India Sector (2)

628 The Power Loss in the India Sector (2)

Not many people complained about this. A third-year dragon might become a dragon of Huaxia. Of course, he might not.

“I suggest that all participants stand up and mourn for Professor Lu Zongye, Chu Wei, and the other heroes who sacrificed themselves for the Blue Star and this quantum portal.” After saying that, Wei Bin took the lead and stood up. He took off his hat and bowed his head in greeting.

The Africa Sector responded the fastest. They immediately stood up and mourned.

As for the other sectors, they had other considerations. It was fine to mourn for the sacrificed heroes, but before Wei Bin suggested mourning, there were too many private goods from the Huaxia Sector. Once they stood up and mourned, they would agree with Wei Bin’s narrative to a certain extent that the quantum portal of Mars was created by the heroes of the Huaxia Sector. The following distribution of benefits would be led by the Huaxia Sector.

!!

This was something that the other major sectors, especially the American and India Sectors, were unwilling to see. However, Wei Bin must have done his best since he said that at the venue.

Soon, all the representatives of the Russian Federation stood up and mourned. Then, it was the representatives from the European Sector.

Only the representatives of the India Sector and the American Sector were still in a stalemate.

The song of freedom of the Blue Star and the national anthem of the Huaxia Sector sounded at the same time. While Wei Bin lowered his head and mourned, he looked at the representatives of the American and India Sectors.

This was a silent vote! It was another war without smoke.

Nilab and Maiponeo sat there, their gazes constantly exchanging consciousness. The representatives of the India Sector and the American Sector felt like they were sitting on pins and needles in this atmosphere. The song of the Blue Star Song of Freedom was like their death wish. It reminded them to make a choice as soon as possible.

If they stood up and mourned, then it meant that they agreed with Wei Bin. At the same time, it also meant that in the future, they would be restricted by the Huaxia Sector in the distribution of benefits.

If they did not mourn, it meant that they did not agree with Wei Bin’s point of view. However, looking at the situation in front of them, the Huaxia Sector had successfully used their interests to rope in the three major alliances, the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector. Coupled with the newly built Mars base, it had formed a temporary benefits alliance.

No matter how long this benefit alliance could last, under the circumstances of four to two, there were all kinds of restrictions on the American and India Sectors that did not agree. Especially during the exploration period of the Mars Quantum Portal. Once they missed the critical stage of the exploration, the losses in terms of benefits would be immeasurable.

When they first explored Mars, the India Sector had used all kinds of tricks to preserve their strength. In the end, they realized that they were the stupidest. The other sectors were watching them put on a monkey show!

After that, the India Sector worked hard for 50 years, but they still could not make up for their losses during the exploration period. Up until now, the India Sector was still struggling to build their own Mars base.

The number and price of sacrifices that had accumulated over the years were indescribable. However, their construction of Mars base still failed.

Therefore, the India Sector was really flustered.

While Maiponeo was still exchanging glances with the deputy director of the Genetic Committee of the European Sector, Doge Antheus, he was also communicating with the Planetary realm powerhouses from the American Sector and the European Sector.

Was there any possibility of breaking through the alliance of interests of the various alliances?

Yes! The joint voices of the Planetary realm powerhouses said that it could be broken!

However, just the American and India Sectors were not enough. Maiponeo still had to contact the Planetary realm powerhouses in the European Sector.

Unfortunately, Nilab could no longer sit still. He was not the only one. The entire India Sector could not sit still! All the elites of the India Sector were afraid.

Could the India Sector lose another opportunity to explore the new land? They could not! If they lost another opportunity to explore the land, the India Sector might never be able to recover.

Just as Nilab was extremely anxious and making his final communication with Maiponeo, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, Itavi, was the first to stand up and take the initiative to mourn.

Then, the second planetary-level powerhouse from the India Sector, Nort, also stood up to mourn. The third, fourth, and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses from the India Sector stood up and mourned.

The other higher-ups of the India Sector who were participating in the meeting stood up one after another. Everyone in the India Sector, except for the person-in-charge, Nilab, stood up and mourned under the influence of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the India Sector.

Nilab’s pupils constricted, and his expression changed drastically for a moment. The expressions of Maiponeo, Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the Russian Genetic Committee, Plesian, and the others also changed slightly.

In the venue, the other Planetary realm powerhouses revealed indescribable joy.

The Planetary realm powerhouses from the Huaxia Sector, Ruan Tianzuo, He Longjin, Huang Gu from the Sing-Malaysia Sector, and the others saw this scene. A faint smile appeared on their faces.

There were Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses in the European Sector, Russian Federation, Africa Sector, and American Sector who revealed smiles or concerned expressions.

As one of the representatives of The Myth, Koopman smiled when he saw this scene.

Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in-chief of the extraterrestrial, also turned his head slightly when he saw this scene. His gaze was deep.

Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin had indifferent expressions.

This was another invisible war without smoke! No one expected that a moment of silence would involve a battle of power.

That’s right. The two major problems that the Blue Star humans faced on the intergalactic battlefield were the internal strife and the snatching of benefits.@@novelbin@@

The second problem was the battle between power and authority.

It could even be foreseen that the battle between power and authority might become the most important and serious problem on the Blue Star in the future.

The Shamera incident was the first milestone!

In today’s silent tribute, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the India Sector had directly made a key political decision for the highest-ranking person in charge of the India Sector, Nilab. It was the second milestone.

This was something that no one had expected. It also marked that the hand of a Planetary realm powerhouse had finally entered the highest level of decision-making!

The atmosphere at the meeting venue became strange. Nilab smiled awkwardly and stood up to mourn. He still could not hide the tension and anger of losing control of his power. At this point, the situation was over. There was no point in Maiponeo jumping up and down again. It was useless even if he dragged the European Sector into it. He could only stand up helplessly to mourn.

Whoosh!

The moment Maiponeo stood up, the dozen or so representatives from the American Sector, including the Planetary realm powerhouses, stood up and mourned.

Maiponeo heaved a sigh of relief. The influence of the America Genetic Committee was still there.

Only Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, had an even uglier expression. In this meeting, the loss of power in the India Sector was a very serious and terrible incident. But Nilab could not ask for an explanation either.

On the contrary, he even had to suck up to these Planetary realm powerhouses!

The main reason for the loss of control in the India Sector this time was that the Planetary realm powerhouses in the India Sector were afraid that they would miss this exploration chance and damage the interests of the India Sector.

Other than the fundamental power struggle, it was also because the India Sector had lost again in the construction of the Mars base this year, causing Nilab’s status to be unstable and his influence to decrease.

At this moment, Nilab could only swallow his pride. The external situation was unstable, and the internal situation was one of power loss.

As a politician, Nilab suddenly felt an inexplicable sense of crisis. The sense of crisis that something was going to happen to the India Sector. During the mourning, the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses had different thoughts.

After the moment of silence, Wei Bin successfully reached a consensus.

In the future, the development of this Mars Quantum Portal would be led by the Huaxia Sector. It was impossible to exclude the American Sector and the India Sector. That could only cause a war. He could only play a game of benefits after obtaining the dominance.

Next, it was time for the Huaxia Sector to use the Mars Quantum Portal that they had obtained out of thin air as their capital to let the American and India Sectors cut their own flesh.

It was the kind that was slowly cut with a blunt knife. It would not hurt, but Huaxia Sector’s