Chapter 623 - 623 Shamera’S Secret Signal (1)

623 Shamera’s Secret Signal (1)

If it were not for the Quantum Portal that appeared on Phobos that could lead to the Moon, Phobos would not have much development value.

The reason was that the initial size of Phobos was really very small. It was only about 26 kilometers in diameter. It would be good enough if they could build a forward base or a spatial exchange station. There was no possibility of developing it into an integrated base or even a Mars Combat Command.

However, the appearance of the quantum portal that led to the moon made the humans on the Blue Star spend a lot of effort to modify Phobos over the past few decades.

Technology was not enough. The speed of technology in making new land was very slow on the Blue Star, not to mention increasing the size of Phobos in space.

Modifying Phobos used supernatural power. At that time, it took three years with the help of 18 planetary-level powerhouses. They continuously captured meteorites and even meteors that passed by.

There was no doubt that a Planetary realm powerhouse did have such supernatural power. Every time they captured one, they would be forcefully sent into the orbit of Phobos. With the intervention of supernatural power, they would be fused with Phobos. The fusion process still relied on supernatural power.

The 18 planetary-level powerhouses spent three years transforming Phobos from a small satellite with a diameter of 26 kilometers to a satellite with a diameter of 870 kilometers. It was still very small compared to many celestial bodies.

However, it was already at its limit. They could not expand it anymore. If it expanded further, Phobos would break away from Mars’s gravity and leave its fixed orbit.

Only then did Phobos welcome a major development. It became the current Mars Combat Command and the strongest satellite on Mars.

As for Deimos, it was even smaller. Its initial diameter was only a little more than six kilometers. It was just a slightly larger meteorite.

The time of a Planetary realm powerhouse was also extremely precious. It was impossible for more than half of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star to gather and capture meteorites. However, some of the alliances and business organizations had the intention of developing it.

Over the years, Deimos had also expanded significantly. It was more than 200 kilometers and became another trading port on Mars.

Of course, Mars still had Enyalios and even Anteros. However, they were all useless.

On the other hand, the base on Phobos was already very complete after years of development. If not for the limitations of size, it would have replaced the Moon’s status long ago.

There was a Mars battle every year. After so many years, Phobos had already perfected the steps to receive the returning elites. There was a large bathhouse, a single bathroom, all kinds of delicacies, and a single dormitory.

Other than the requirement that they had to stay in a single dormitory when they rested, there were no other requirements. After all, the PTSD was not a joke.

In Huaxia history, Cao Cao liked to kill people in his dreams. According to the analysis of experts, it might be PTSD.

A similar tragedy had happened when Phobos was first established. Some of the elites who participated in the battle did not die at the hands of the extraterrestrial enemies, but they died at the hands of their comrades in their sleep. After waking up, those comrades also broke down.

Xu Tui took a hot bath in the bathtub and washed away all of his fatigue. When he woke up again, it was already noon on February 13, 2138.

Xu Tui slept for more than a day. When he woke up, he was extremely energetic, other than feeling extremely hungry. He brushed his teeth and headed straight for the canteen. With Ah Huang around, the location of the canteen was not a problem.

“Ah Huang, how’s your self-research?”

“Not much.” Ah Huang’s voice was a little dejected. “Other than using some drifting energy to control things, I don’t seem to have changed much. My computing ability is the same as before.”

“You only tested your computing ability?”

“I’m a quantum computer. What do you want me to test?” Ah Huang asked.

Xu Tui was stunned. While they were talking, a student from the European Sector walked towards him. He looked a little familiar.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui did not know him. He knew Xu Tui. He greeted Xu Tui with a bright expression. Xu Tui quickly shut his mouth and nodded at the person. “There are no changes to your computing ability?”

“No!”

“What about your other small abilities, such as resisting interference and electronic shocks…”

“Without the relevant equipment, I can’t test it for the time being! Unless you authorize me to hack into Phobos’ supercomputer…”

“Wait, you can hear me?” Xu Tui’s question suddenly became very strange.

“Of course I can hear you. I’m not deaf. I can hear what you say—” Ah Huang, who was answering, suddenly froze. It clearly realized that something was wrong. “You didn’t speak?”

“That’s right.”

“I heard it again! Xu Tui, what kind of ability is this? I can hear your words even if you don’t speak?” Ah Huang was puzzled.

“The ability to communicate with consciousness brought about by spiritual resonance. Of course, it’s only one-way.”

“It looks like you’ve learned a lot of new abilities in this Mars battle. I missed out.” Ah Huang felt a little pity, then became excited. “But in that case, our communication in the future will be very convenient, fast, and more secretive!” Ah Huang said.

“It’s even stranger!” Xu Tui added.

“I don’t understand!”

It would be strange if Ah Huang understood. Single-directional consciousness communication was based on the ability of spiritual resonance. The target of the spiritual resonance ability could only be the mental consciousness.

It was impossible for Xu Tui to establish consciousness communication with a computer.