Chapter 626 - 626 Number One In Battle Merits

626 Number One in Battle Merits

The communication between Xu Tui and Koopman in the office could not be more ordinary.

“Mr. Koopman, this is the letter that your friend asked me to pass to you.” Xu Tui handed over the chip that Shamera had given him, which he had studied with An Xiaoxue many times.

Ah Huang had even analyzed the data in the chip. Unfortunately, it was useless. He used a random and disorderly code book. From the current language of the various sectors, 6,000 to 20,000 words were randomly drawn to form a brand new code book. There was no possibility of cracking it.

“Was he all right when you saw him?”

!!

“Not too good, but he should be safe.”

“Did he say anything else?”

Xu Tui shook his head.

“Thank you!” Koopman nodded, then asked, “What would you like to drink, coffee or tea?”

“No, I’ll take my leave first.”

“Can we add each other’s contact details?” Koopman suddenly asked.

Xu Tui turned around and looked at Koopman with a clear gaze. He had a hint of doubt.

“I don’t mean anything else. It’s my honor to establish a better relationship with future experts. Let me reintroduce myself to you. I am Ultre Koopman, currently the chief of intelligence staff of the Phobos Combat Command, Major General of Blue Star, and Lieutenant General of the European Sector. At the same time, I am also a water-type supernatural being.” After saying that, Koopman smiled at Xu Tui. “You should also have a certain water-type superpower. I found a sense of familiarity in you.”

Xu Tui looked at Koopman and narrowed his eyes. This guy was very powerful! He could actually sense that he had a water-type superpower. His personal identity or power were also very awesome. He was a major general of the Blue Star and a lieutenant general of the European Sector.

It had to be known that Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector in the extra-terrestrial, was only a lieutenant general in the Blue Star. Koopman was almost the most powerful person on the Blue Star. However, he was involved with Shamera, who was behind the coup. He was clearly a member of The Myth.

It was really difficult to understand.@@novelbin@@

“It would be my honor.” Xu Tui quickly exchanged contact details. It was just adding each other’s contacts. There was no point in refusing.

Koopman was the intelligence chief of the Phobos’ Combat Command. In that case, this guy would be able to obtain all of Xu Tui’s combat videos, let alone his contact information.

“Congratulations in advance. Your battle achievements are excellent!”

“Thank you!”

“When you’re free, let’s discuss the Nine Yin Scripture of Huaxia again! I’m really interested in the Nine Yin Scripture.”

Xu Tui, who already understood what the Nine Yin Scripture was, cursed. Studying the Nine Yin Scripture with a burly man like you is really…

…

After resting for two days on Phobos, the elite students participating in the battle finally relaxed. It was expected that a day later, they would start to return to the Moon through the Quantum Portal of Phobos.

After two days of rest, this group of elite students discussed the most—battle achievements!

Battle achievements were contribution points! Contribution points were hard currency in the extra-terrestrial. It was a one-to-one change. At the same time, battle achievement also represented rewards.

Whether it was the Year 2138 Blue Star Elites Combat Merits List, the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings, or the Mars Battlefield Combat Merits List and the Mars Combat Team Rankings every year, they all represented extremely rich and huge rewards.

The Origin Enhancement Elixir was an extravagant hope for all the students. No matter who it was, as long as they obtained a bottle, it meant that their strength would increase qualitatively.

Among the students, Xu Tui was the most representative.

“When Xu Tui was training at the Moon base, he obtained a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. He also obtained a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“The two bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Mutation Elixir had caused Xu Tui’s strength to undergo a drastic change. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have been able to make outstanding contributions in this Mars battle.

“It’s said that Xu Tui will definitely be ranked first on the Blue Star’s Elite Combat Merits List in 2138.”

In the Environmental Adaptation Restoration Hall, a group of first-year elite students gathered and discussed. Most of them were students from the Huaxia Sector. There were not many second-year, third-year, or even fourth-year students. They had seen Xu Tui’s achievements on the Mars battlefield. There was no need to discuss it.

“Xu Tui is here!” Peter, the first-year Tiger of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, shouted when he saw Xu Tui.

In the next moment, the first-year students of the Huaxia Sector gathered around him. Previously, Xu Tui had challenged the Prodigy List at the Moon base and defeated the students from the India Sector time and time again. Xu Tui was still very prestigious among the first-year students in the Huaxia Sector.

Zuo Qingqing, Chi Hongying, and the other female students also surrounded him together with the first-year elite students.

“Xu Tui, you will definitely be able to obtain first place on the 2,138th batch of elite students’ Combat Merits List, right?” Yuan Shu, who had a grudge with Xu Tui previously, was the first to ask a hearty question.

That was obvious. The reason why Yuan Shu was the first to step forward and ask the question was because he wanted to support Xu Tui. It was also another kind of signal to Xu Tui.

“It’s alright, but it’s not that absolute,” Xu Tui said modestly.

“Don’t be modest. Brother Xu, tell us, how many battle merits do you have? All of our battle merits are out,” someone jeered.

“I haven’t received the statistics of my battle merits.”

“Don’t. It’s been a day since we received our battle merits. Why haven’t you received them?” Someone did not believe him.

“Perhaps it’s more complicated to calculate Brother Xu’s battle merits. By the way, Brother Xu, can you predict how much battle merits you have?”

“That’s right, Xu Tui. Make an estimation. How many battle merits do you have?” Yuan Shu also said.

In an instant, Peter, Che Zhan, Zuo Qingqing, Xiang Chun, Yuan Shu, and the other Huaxia Sector students all looked at Xu Tui. They wanted to know about Xu Tui’s estimation.

“Estimation? That’s hard to say. However, when I rushed to the second energy overflow tunnel of the crater mountain when the second energy overflow tunnel opened, I checked my battle merits,” Xu Tui said.

“When the second energy overflow tunnel was opened, it should be in the middle of the Mars battle. By multiplying the number of battle merits by two would be about the same as the final number of battle merits. A few thousand?” Yuan Shu analyzed.

“About 9,000,” Xu Tui said.

“What?” Amidst the exclamations, the freshmen surrounding Xu Tui were all petrified. Even Yuan Shu, who felt that he had the demeanor of a leader who would not change even if Mount Tai collapsed in front of him, was stunned. He was also shocked. “How much? Did we hear wrongly?”

“Is a little more than 9,000 a lot?” Xu Tui was stunned.

Hearing this, Yuan Shu, Peter, Che Zhan, and the others smiled bitterly.

“Xu Tui, do you know who is the current number one on the 2,138th Combat Merits List?”

“Who is it?”

“It’s Peter!” Yuan Shu pointed. “I’ve planned it behind the scenes. Through various operating methods and compensation methods, I’ve allowed Peter to accumulate as many battle merits as possible. Regardless of your battle merits, the first place will definitely fall into the hands of the Huaxia Sector this year. Even if you get first place, the second place will belong to the Huaxia Sector.

“In the end, I accumulated 2,874 battle merits for Peter. He was temporarily ranked first on the Combat Merits List, ahead of the second place by more than 100 battle merits. I thought that was enough. I didn’t expect you to have obtained more than 9,000 battle merits halfway through the actual combat.” Yuan Shu exclaimed.

“In that case, Xu Tui should be able to get about 20,000 battle merits in the end. With about 20,000 battle merits and a ranking reward, Xu Tui’s strength would soar again when he returned. In a year or two, Xu Tui will definitely be in the ranks of the Dragon and Tiger of Huaxia.” At this point, Peter suddenly let out a long sigh. “I’ve been chasing after Xu Tui as my target, but why do I feel that the gap is getting greater the more I chase after him?”

Xu Tui did not say anything. If he told them that the bulk of his battle merits were achieved after he arrived at the crater, what would happen to them? Twenty thousand battle merits? They had underestimated Xu Tui.

During the actual combat on Mars, Xu Tui had killed more than 20 Genetic Evolution Realm experts, right? Also, other than the battle merits of killing the top ten on the Hunting List, such as the Golden Eagle, Bu Luo, Huo Li, there are bounty battle merits that add up to a thousand.

Xu Tui entered the treatment chamber in the Environmental Adaptation Treatment Hall. He knew that the first place in the freshmen’s battle merits and the first place in the 2,138th batch of the Blue Star’s elite prodigy team had been secured.

Even if he formed a team alone.

It was not something that these freshmen who had not even participated in the battle of the crater could compare to.

“Ah Huang, contact the general staff and ask them why my battle merits haven’t come out yet.” Xu Tui was a little curious after he left.

Just how many battle merits had he obtained this time? Tomorrow, they would have to return to the moon one by one. Why had the battle merits not been counted?

Ah Huang immediately sent an email. The reply to the email was not that fast. However, Xu Tui received a reply from the Phobos’ combat staff after he underwent the last round of environmental adaptation treatment.

He replied with two points.

The first point was that the confirmed number of battle merits was 43,635.

Secondly, because a portion of his battle merits were still being manually confirmed, a portion of his rewarding battle merits were still being discussed. A portion of his major battle merits had yet to be confirmed. Therefore, Xu Tui’s final number of battle merits had yet to be confirmed. They ask for Xu Tui’s understanding on this matter.

Xu Tui was a little relieved when he received the email reply. Although he did not know the final number of battle merits, the number of battle merits confirmed so far had reached 43,635. The total number of battle merits in the future would definitely exceed this number.

“By the way, Ah Huang, who is the first in the Mars battlefield this year?” Xu Tui asked. He had not been included in the rankings because he had not calculated the number of battle merits clearly.

“Currently, the first in the Mars battlefield is the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong.”

“Senior Zhao, how much?”

“Zhao Hailong, who is ranked first in terms of battle merits this year, currently has 35,766 contribution points,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui chuckled when he heard that. He was elated.

It was settled! He would definitely get first place in this year’s individual battle merits! However, it was hard to say who would be ranked first on this year’s Mars Prodigy Combat Team Rankings.