Chapter 621 - 621 Body Odor And Harvest

621 Body Odor and Harvest

War and peace!

Only those who had experienced it would understand how precious peace was.

After fighting on the Mars battlefield for 12 days, the Energy Tide had ended. The energy tide clouds in the sky dissipated, announcing the arrival of peace.

A portion of the elite students cheered and sat down to rest. After a while, they had already fallen to the ground and were snoring. In the 12-day-long battle on the Mars battlefield, not a lot of people could sleep and rest. Even if Xu Tui and Yan Lie could rest while the other was on duty, this kind of rest would at most recover their physical fatigue. The mental tension and fatigue continued to mount.

But now, they suddenly relaxed. Then, the expressions of many female elite students suddenly became exaggerated and disdainful. First, they despised the men around them for being too smelly. The smell was indescribably sour and refreshing after sweating profusely without showering for 12 days, rolling in the sand from time to time to take a sand bath.

After leaving the boys with extremely strong scents around them, the girls frowned again. This time, they despised themselves. In an instant, they felt their entire body itch. They wished they could wash out the three pounds of mud on their bodies.

This was what a girl felt. The male comrades did not realize it yet.

The energy tide had ended, although the officials had not announced the end of the actual combat on Mars, it was already over. The alien species, including Yanzi, who had luckily escaped, had already left through another Quantum Portal on Mars. The external enemies were gone for the time being.

There was definitely a conflict on the Blue Star, but a major conflict could not be raised. Of course, the special forces of the Huaxia Sector were still loyal to the defense under the command of Feng Xuanbiao.

Xu Tui also relaxed.

The war was over. In the near future, he should be able to return to the Blue Star and go home. When he returned home, he would have to eat his mother’s sweet and sour pork for three consecutive days. In the morning, he had to eat the big buns that his father had made and drink a bowl of milk that his father had boiled to wash away all the coldness and fatigue.

Xu Tui drooled as he thought about it. It was really cold on Mars even with the protection of the combat uniform. He did not notice it before, but now that he was relaxed, it was really cold.

Xu Tui looked toward An Xiaoxue as he smiled. He chuckled. He was prepared to stimulate An Xiaoxue. He would first give her the names of the dishes she likes to stimulate her. Over the past few days, he had been drinking Energy Elixirs and compressed military rations. His mouth buds were so bland that it was about to turn into a bird’s mouth.

“Don’t come over!” Xu Tui had just walked toward An Xiaoxue when An Xiaoxue suddenly retreated five meters away and stopped Xu Tui from afar.

“What’s wrong, Miss An?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Just don’t come over!” An Xiaoxue was very determined.

Xu Tui was confused.

—-

Three hours later, an order came from the Phobos’ Combat Command. The actual combat on Mars in 2138 had officially ended. All the elite students participating in the battle gathered at the three locations of Area 8, Area 16, and Area 24.

The Phobos’ Combat Command would send the elite students to Phobos. At the same time, they would send sky aircrafts to search for life forces on Mars. They were looking for students who might be severely injured and unable to move.

All the participating students would undergo preliminary environmental adaptation treatment and stress psychological intervention in Phobos. At the same time, all the students participating in the battle would be screened at Phobos. It was to prevent aliens from infiltrating the human race.

The estimated time was three to five days.

The calculation of the contribution points, mission rewards, and final contribution points of all the participants would be completed in three to five days. Students who participated in the battle could raise any objections and obtain information to verify them. After leaving Phobos, objections regarding the number of contribution points were no longer accepted.

After doing all of this, they would return to the moon base through the Quantum Portal of Phobos.

That’s right. There was also a Quantum Portal on Phobos. This was also the reason why the Blue Star desperately wanted to study the secret of the Quantum Portal. It was also the biggest problem with the few Quantum Portals that the Blue Star currently had.

The Quantum Portal on the Moon could lead directly to Mars. But there was a limit in the transportation. The people or things that passed through were completely random at the landing point of Mars.

However, there was no Quantum Portal on Mars that could directly return to the Moon. The Quantum Portal that could return to the Moon was on Phobos. Similarly, Phobos’ Quantum Portal that led to the Moon had limited transportation and its landing on the Moon was also completely random.

On the contrary, the alien species had another quantum portal technology. When they came through the Quantum Portal, they landed at a completely random location.

There was also a limit to their transportation. In any case, in all these years, the alien species had never sent a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert to Mars through the Quantum Portal.

However, when the alien species left, they grasped a one-time-use quantum portal. When the alien species wanted to leave during the Origin Energy Tide, they could activate a quantum portal. After everyone evacuated, the temporary quantum portal would collapse.

Over the years, the location of the quantum portal used by the alien species to retreat had not been repeated once.

This was the technology that the Blue Star humans hoped to master. If they could master the temporary pathway of the quantum portal, they would be able to quickly return to the Moon from Mars even if there were many restrictions. They could quickly reach Phobos from the Moon. It was equivalent to being able to establish two passageways. It was very meaningful.

However, the elite students who were participating in the battle could only retreat through the quantum portal of Phobos.

Xu Tui and the others naturally left the Mars battlefield at the gathering point of the crater in Area 24. But Xu Tui only headed to the gathering point after he communicated with Feng Xuanbiao.

If Xu Tui needed to stay at the Huaxia Sector’s Second Mars Base, he would do so without hesitation. But Feng Xuanbiao expressed that there was no need to worry. The situation here had already stabilized.

The benefits that the Huaxia Sector gave to the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector were not for nothing. Even if the American and India Sectors wanted to cause trouble, they would not have a chance to do so in a four-on-two battle.

What Xu Tui found strange was that An Xiaoxue maintained a certain distance from him during the journey to the gathering point or during the wait. Xu Tui soon understood why An Xiaoxue kept a distance from him when he got onto the sky transport plane.

Body odor!

He did not think so before. Now that hundreds of people were gathered in an aerospace transport plane, even with the air circulation system, the smell was extremely refreshing.

One of the guys took off his shoes comfortably. He had not enjoyed the feeling yet when dozens of knife-like gazes nearby made him pinch his nose and put on his shoes.

An Xiaoxue, Li Zheng, and a few other girls sat together. The girls had borrowed a mask from An Xiaoxue and put it on. They were complaining about the stench.

Xu Tui suddenly had a strange thought. The boys really smelled bad. The smell of 12 days of fermentation could be imagined. What would An Xiaoxue, whose hair usually emitted the faint fragrance of orchids, smell like? Would she be fragrant? Or did she smell?

That was the problem!

An Xiaoxue did not allow Xu Tui to get close to her. Did she think that Xu Tui smelled too bad, or did she not want Xu Tui to smell her?

Xu Tui was very curious. He just did not have the chance for the time being.

The aerospace transport plane was activated and was expected to leave Mars in ten minutes. It would arrive on Phobos in 55 minutes. Their current location was about 17,600 kilometers away from Phobos.

An hour was a little boring. Xu Tui started calculating his gains with Yan Lie. The most important thing was his contribution points.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui and Yan Lie could no longer remember the battle records when Xu Tui led the elites of the Huaxia Sector to tear open the defense formation of the alien species in the crater.

Xu Tui had killed many extraterrestrial elites. Moreover, many of them had been killed with others, such as Zhao Hailong and Luo Murong. No matter how he calculated it, he would probably need the staff officers of the Phobos’ Combat Command to review it manually.@@novelbin@@

No matter what, he should have contributed quite a sum. It could be said to be a lot!

Xu Tui did not dare to say anything else. He was definitely going to get first place in the 2138 batch of Blue Star new students. It would not even be a problem for Xu Tui to get first place in the 2,138th batch of Blue Star Prodigy Combat Team Rankings alone.

The only suspense was what ranking Xu Tui would get on the Overall Ranking of Battle Merits and the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings.

Xu Tui had a lot of battle merits, and so did the others. On the contrary, he had many spoils of war. The alloy that Xu Tui got after he split it with Yan Lie had already exceeded 60 kilograms. He had no problems getting a custom-made combat uniform. Not to mention that Xu Tui and Yan Lie had obtained many Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys and even Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloys.

Another extremely important gain was the Origin Crystals.

From start to finish, the two of them had obtained more than 1,100 grams of Origin Crystals in various combat areas. This was a shocking number.

Of course, the reason why they had gained so much was that Xu Tui had led many students to monopolize the profits of the five inner circles in the second combat area of the crater. Xu Tui and Yan Lie had taken the bulk of the profits.

Moreover, that was not all.

Feng Xuanbiao had brought the engineering team over to start the construction. The five inner circles of Origin Crystals that had fallen were all taken over by the military. But they had also registered their locations. They would be distributed to Xu Tui and the others according to their locations.

His gains could be said to be huge!

On the way back, Yan Lie secretly estimated the rough number and was stunned. He even pinched him hard! He was not dreaming!

Damn it, the total number of Origin Crystals he had obtained from the Mars battlefield in the previous three times was not even a fraction of the total number of Origin Crystals he and Xu Tui had obtained this time.

It was simply…

Now, he somewhat understood why the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, and the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, were so strong. A single battle on Mars had allowed them to obtain a large number of Origin Crystals as cultivation resources. It was impossible for them not to be strong.

Seized items, such as the silver hoop, were also useful. However, among the seized items, what Xu Tui was most curious about was the small purple lamp that Yanzi had left behind.

Yanzi was seriously injured. She relied on the power released by the small purple lamp to escape. But the small purple lamp itself had lost all its power. It was like an ordinary object that Xu Tui and the others had seized.

As Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had contributed the most to severely injuring Yanzi, Xu Tui temporarily kept the loot of the small purple lamp. After they return, everyone will appraise the value and distribute it according to their contribution points.

This small purple lamp was extremely powerful previously. Now, it looked like it had lost all its strength. He just did not know if he could repair it.

Xu Tui tried to sense it once or twice, but he did not gain anything. He would try using his senses when he returned.

Other than that, Xu Tui’s greatest gain was the invention of the Blue Star Humans’ method of directly absorbing energy with useless mind power Origin Crystals. Even if this was not an epoch-making invention, it was definitely a very heavyweight invention! He wondered how the Huaxia Sector would reward him.

However, it was foreseeable that Xu Tui, who had gained a lot after the actual combat on Mars, would undergo a huge change in the future.

He could now put many things on the agenda that he could not do in the past.