Chapter 620 - 620 The End Of The Energy Tide

620 The End of the Energy Tide

Moon, Huaxia Base.

Lieutenant General Wei Bin looked at the emergency report in front of him and used his authority to forcefully pull Cai Shaochu into the virtual meeting room.

“Old Wei, although you have the right to forcefully pull me into the meeting room, I don’t like it.” Cai Shaochu, who had been forcefully pulled into the virtual projection meeting room, expressed his dissatisfaction.

“You’ll like the information I’m going to tell you.” After saying that, Wei Bin smiled.

“I already know.”

Wei Bin was not surprised by this. As the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College and a Planetary realm powerhouse, he was not surprised that Cai Shaochu would receive the information.

“Then do you think that the American Sector and India Sector were too miserable during the Mars Origin Energy Tide this time?”

“Too miserable?”

“I don’t sympathize with their encounter at all! However, do you have a feeling that there’s a pair of invisible hands controlling everything behind the encounter between India Sector and American Sector?”

“Invisible hand? Isn’t that you, Lieutenant General Wei?” Cai Shaochu made a rare cold joke.

“Old Cai, I’m not joking.”

“You also said that there are invisible hands. Currently, I just feel that the luck of the American and India Sectors is a little bad, but I haven’t found these invisible hands yet,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Recently, all of our experts have determined that the returning energy will cause a reflux, but not to the extent of a blowout. However, not only did the energy of the Mars base of the American and India Sectors surge back, but it also caused a blowout. Other sectors, including ours, did not have much of a reflux. I keep feeling that there’s a possibility of artificial intervention,” Wei Bin said.

“Who do you think can interfere?”

“Him?” Wei Bin tried to say a word, but it made Cai Shaochu fall into deep thought and judgment.

After a long time, Cai Shaochu shook his head. “It can’t be him! If it’s really him, if he’s really still alive or exists in some form, I’m afraid none of the elites in the American Sector will survive,” Cai Shaochu said.

Hearing this, Wei Bin heaved a sigh of relief and slowly leaned back in his chair. “That’s true. If it’s really him, it would be normal for everyone in the American Sector to die! Who would that be then?”

“Perhaps it’s fate.”

“Fate? Destiny?”

“It’s possible! These things were just like superpowers in the past. No one believed them when they first appeared, but they were already rampant now. It might become a power in the future,” Cai Shaochu said.

“A power? A new power system?” Wei Bin’s expression became serious.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu laughed. “Dream on. There’s still a chance of developing a new power system unless Old Shang or if he was still alive. I’m not that naive. No!”

Wei Bin’s eyes dimmed slightly. “Alright, let’s not talk about these mysterious things. Tell me, what do you think of this Quantum Portal on Mars?”

“We naturally have to explore it! There are many death row prisoners on the Blue Star. They can come in handy,” Cai Shaochu said.

“That’s for sure. What I’m saying is, do you think that the Quantum Portal on Mars has the possibility of completely excluding the American and India Sectors?”

“Do you want to start a war on the moon or a chaotic battle between the six major sectors of the Blue Star?” Cai Shaochu sneered. “Or do you want to be stabbed in the back by someone’s power at some point?”

“An exchange of benefits?”

“That’s your problem,” Cai Shaochu said. “However, think about how many of us died when Mars was being explored. It’s better for the people from the other sectors to die than for our people to die, right?”

Wei Bin nodded slightly when he heard this. The light in the virtual projection meeting room dissipated.

The meeting was over.

…

Mars crater.

Feng Xuanbiao, the commander of the Second Mars Base, could not hide his joy. The thing he was most worried about did not happen. The second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector was successfully built. As long as there was no internal strife on the Blue Star, there was basically no possibility of destruction.

However, Feng Xuanbiao still set up a new defensive circle. The researchers of the various alliances were all disappointed. Before they could figure out anything, the six red jade slips disappeared.

The brand new Quantum Portal had already condensed. If one had powerful mental perception, they would be able to see countless tentacle-like Origin Energy rays coming from all directions of the rolling Quantum Portal. They were like tentacles that went deep into Mars. These were the energy tentacles of the Quantum Portal.

There were energy tentacles on the Quantum Portal on the Moon. Therefore, they concluded that this was a brand new Quantum Portal.@@novelbin@@

When the internal energy structure was completely stabilized, the various alliances would probably be able to explore it. However, the problem was that the six red jade slips that had formed this Quantum Portal had disappeared.

If they could get their hands on one, they might be able to crack the secret of the construction of the Quantum Portal.

Unfortunately, they were all gone!

Most of the researchers looked pained. Only a researcher from the India Sector kept turning around to observe Xu Tui. This person was none other than the researcher from the India Sector who Xu Tui had sensed a strange aura just now. His aura was only at the Genetic Evolution Realm, but he felt that he had surpassed the Genetic Evolution Realm. However, he was a very blurry genetic researcher from the India Sector.

The Genetic Committee member from the India Sector frequently turned around to observe Xu Tui. He even extended his mental perception and instantly attracted Xu Tui’s attention. He glared fiercely and lashed out with his mental vibrating whip.

The mental perception of the researcher from the India Sector dissipated, but he acted as if nothing had happened. He smiled at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui frowned. His mental perception had been dispersed by his mental vibrating whip, yet he still acted as if nothing had happened? Was he that strong? Strange!

However, from then on, there were no more abnormalities with the researcher from the India Sector. Not long after, at the request of the Huaxia Sector, he temporarily left the crater like all the other researchers.

The red jade slips had already disappeared. As for the Quantum Portal, how to research it would depend on the six alliances. After all, the Huaxia Sector was the first to build a base here. The benefits of this battle could not be decided immediately.

Xu Tui looked at the strange researcher from the India Sector but did not mind. He continued to study the red jade slip in his head.

Almost at the same time, in the top floor of the office building of the India Sector’s integrated base on Moon, Itavi, who was in the quiet room, slowly opened his eyes. His deep eyes were filled with confusion. “Why can I vaguely sense the aura of the disappearing red jade slip on Xu Tui? Strange! Is that red jade slip related to Xu Tui?”

Itavi was confused. Just now, when the six red jade slips fell into the Energy Overflow Tunnel and rolled back, for a few dozen seconds, Itavi sensed the aura of the six red jade slips on Xu Tui’s body. It was very clear.

However, dozens of seconds later, it was gone. At this moment, he could not sense it no matter how hard he tried. This was also the reason why he kept sizing Xu Tui up.

Suddenly, he sensed the auras of everyone in the entire India Sector’s office building. The atmosphere was extremely solemn. With his abilities, it did not take him long to understand what had happened.

The blowout destroyed the energy solidification tunnel that had been built in the India Sector? Itavi was speechless. It pained Itavi, but he did not have the same reaction as Nilab.

A few minutes later, he sorted out a timeline. His long eyebrows suddenly furrowed. According to the timeline, the moment he sensed the auras of the six red jade slips on Xu Tui’s body was when the backflow occurred.

Not to mention that there was an extremely serious backflow in the American Sector and the India Sector only.

“This guy influence it?” Although he felt that this idea was extremely ridiculous, this thought appeared in his mind after he combined all the information. “It looks like we don’t take Xu Tui seriously enough. It’s far from enough!” Itavi muttered.

…

Xu Tui frowned at the crater.

The seventh red jade slip in his head was still there. He could even sense the location of the six red jade slips. Of the six red jade slips, five of them were fixed. Only the number five red jade slip that represented the location of the India Sector’s base was slowly changing.

But that was all!

Xu Tui could only sense the location of the red jade slips. He did not discover anything else. He did not discover any other benefits for the time being. However, it felt good to secretly destroy the Mars base built by the India Sector.

Unfortunately, this pleasure could not be shared. He could only be happy for himself!

Suddenly, waves of cheers sounded around the crater! Xu Tui was stunned. After listening carefully, he realized that the Blue Star elites were cheering.

The annual Mars Origin Energy Tide has ended!

As the energy flow in the tunnel gradually stabilized, the energy tide cloud above Mars began to quickly dissipate. The energy tide on Mars ended. It also meant that the actual combat on Mars was over.

At the first tunnel.

There were continuous rumbles. The energy flow continued to shrink and dissipate, causing the interior of the first energy overflow tunnel to begin to collapse due to the loss of pressure. Not long after, the first energy overflow tunnel gradually collapsed into ruins. Even the last bit of maintenance value was completely gone.

Under the pressure of Mars’ geological movements in the next year, this tunnel would be completely filled in. In the next year, only God knew where the new energy overflow tunnel would appear and open.

Sotum, the commander of the Mars base of the India Sector, looked at the completely destroyed first energy overflow tunnel in a daze. That gaze was as if he had suddenly returned home and realized that his little sweetheart had cuckold him.

Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, was still in a coma. He was still in emergency treatment at the Moon Hospital.