Chapter 627 - 627 The Power Loss In The India Sector (1)

627 The Power Loss in the India Sector (1)

In the Blue Star Comprehensive Base on Moon, Virtual Projection Conference Hall.

In the past, there would not be many people in the virtual projection conference hall. A dozen people was considered a lot. There would, at most, 20 to 30 people participating in the annual Mars Origin Energy Tide Combat Conference.

However, this year, there were especially many people participating in the general meeting of the Mars Origin Energy Tide. The 50-seat meeting room was filled to the brim.

Due to the strong requests of the various sectors, the Blue Star Genetic Committee temporarily added 30 seats to meet the requirements of the meeting.

!!

Other than the corresponding people-in-charge of the various alliances and bases participating in the meeting, the main reason for this was that some planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses from the various alliances had strongly requested to participate in the meeting. That was why the number of participants had increased exponentially.

It was undeniable that power and individual strength had been competing and fusing for nearly a hundred years in the Great Genetic Age. Until today, even if an extremely powerful individual was not in a position of power, they still had a lot of say.

The requirements of a top expert could not be ignored by any alliance. Of course, this was also related to the competition between the six major alliances in the Blue Star. It further enhanced the importance of these top experts.

During the routine summary meeting, the commander of the Phobos Base Command and the Phobos Combat Command, Chedamovich, first made a post-war report on the 2138 Mars Origin Energy Tide Battlefield.

During this time, Chedamovich affirmed the battle achievements in an extremely high-spirited tone. They had killed five elites of the Spiritual Race and obtained three very intact corpses. At the same time, this was also the first time the Blue Star humans had defeated the extraterrestrial invaders on the Mars Origin Energy Tide Battlefield.

More than 6,300 extraterrestrial invaders had been effectively killed. This number of kills was the highest since the start of the Mars Origin Energy Tide. It was a miracle that in comparison to the past years of a thousand kills. Among them, the elite students of the Huaxia Sector contributed the most.

There was a deafening round of applause.@@novelbin@@

“The other grand occasion of the Mars Origin Energy Tide battle this time is the successful construction of another Mars base of the Huaxia Sector. I estimate that when the Mars Energy Tide Battle comes next year, the Blue Star Humans will have a greater strategic advantage.”

The thunderous applause rang out again.

Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee who had just recovered from his serious illness, clapped his hands as if it was a must and stopped. He pursed his thin lips and pulled a long face.

It was not just Nilab. All the participants from the India Sector looked extremely dejected. How good would it be if this outcome belonged to the India Sector? Unfortunately, the reality was very cruel. It all belongs to the Huaxia Sector!

The agendas were carried out one after another in an extremely high atmosphere. Of course, without exception, in all the agendas, the participants from the American and India Sectors either had dark expressions or looked dejected.

The biggest winner in this battle was the Huaxia Sector, followed by the European Sector, Russian Federation, and Africa Sector.

The biggest loser was the India Sector, followed by the American Sector. The other districts in the Huaya Sector, such as the Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector, basically did not have much of a presence this time.

There were not many people in these districts, although they had the power to affect the overall situation. However, from the beginning, they had been standing on the opposite side of the interests of the Huaxia Sector.

The outcome could be imagined!

Most importantly, regardless of whether they won or lost, they did not have much of a presence. To be honest, participating in such a meeting was equivalent to being ridiculed. They were jealous when they saw others eating grapes! However, they had no choice but to come.

Including the Planetary realm powerhouses from the American Sector and the India Sector. Even the Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, Itavi, who had been injured in this battle, arrived at the venue. He closed his eyes during the first half of the meeting.

When the commander of the Phobos’ Combat Command announced that the meeting had entered the seventh agenda, the elites of the India Sector and the American Sector, who had been watching others eat grapes for a long time, became energetic.

“Next, we will discuss matters related to the new quantum portal on Mars. The people who could speak will be limited to the heads of the various alliances and bases. Of course, the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses of the various sectors also had the right to speak. However, there were only three chances of speaking rights in each sector.

“As for the rest of the participants, please wait quietly. First, we will invite Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the extraterrestrial of the Huaxia Sector, to speak about the newly discovered quantum portal,” Chedamovich said.

“Everyone’s time is precious. I won’t say much. I’ll only emphasize three points. First, for this quantum portal, the elites of the Huaxia Sector have made a huge sacrifice! Nearly 10 Genetic Evolution Realm experts had died in battle, and nearly 50 elite students had died.

“The most sorrowful thing is that the top Origin Ability Scientist, Force Field Scientist, Geneticist, Quantum Theorist, Quantum Theory Practitioner, and expert in Extraterrestrial Life Research in the Huaxia Sector, Professor Lu Zongye, sacrificed himself tragically for this!”

After he said that, the entire venue froze. Many people present had heard of Lu Zongye’s name, but was his title that exaggerated? So many titles?

“Other than that, the top genius student of the Huaxia Sector, Chu Wei, the current third-year dragon of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the future Dragon of Huaxia, has sacrificed