Chapter 622 - 622 Ah Huang’S Mutation

622 Ah Huang’s Mutation

In the empty mysterious hall, a large number of holographic screens lit up. Countless notifications flashed on the secondary information screens in all directions. Finally, the main information screen flashed slightly, and lines of information appeared.

“Based on the overall information, Long-term Observation Target Number 37 has left Mars.”

“It has been confirmed that Long-term Observation Target Number 37 has already fused with the main body of the fire core.”

“The fire core is dormant.”

“After testing, there is a quantum signal in the environment of Long-term Observation Target Number 37 that can be used. Try to awaken the fire core and exchange information. Try to obtain the basic data of Long-term Observation Target Number 37.”

“Awaken and the suggestion of the communication channel fail.”

“It is suspected that other consciousnesses have already established a communication channel with the fire core. We will try again five minutes later.”

“Failed to establish a communication channel with the fire core again. Try again 24 hours later.”

“Tried 24 hours later and entered a dormant state again. Wait for the time node.”

…

“I’m suffocating!” A familiar, wanton, and slightly excited voice suddenly entered Xu Tui’s ears.

It woke Xu Tui up from his deep sleep. That voice was like a thunderclap in his ears. Xu Tui had a confused expression. He felt that the entire world was in chaos. He shook his head violently and realized that he was still on the aerospace transport plane. They had not arrived at Phobos.

Xu Tui had been calculating his gains when he boarded the aerospace transport plane. As he calculated, the fatigue he had accumulated over the past few days surged and he fell into a deep sleep. He did not expect to be woken up by an unknown voice.

He turned around and looked around. Everyone was sleeping. Some were snoring, some were drooling. Many students were sleeping in all kinds of indecent positions. There were some who touched their chest while they slept. There were even some who slept while touching their crotches!

Xu Tui looked at Cui Xi, who was sleeping with one arm touching his crotch. He had a shocked expression. Old Cui, what kind of f*cking dream did you have? How could you move when you’re touching your crotch with your arm? Don’t you know that you only have one hand now?

Senior Luo Murong’s sleeping posture was still very beautiful. He looked very handsome even when he was asleep.

An Xiaoxue tilted her head slightly. Her silver hair hung down diagonally. She was sleeping very well.

Xu Tui shook his head again. He was looking for the source of the sound. Why was he admiring the unbearable sleeping postures of Old Cui and the others? Where did the voice come from?

“What are you looking for? It’s me!” This time, the voice sounded in his ears again. Xu Tui, who had woken up, was stunned.

Damn it, Ah Huang! Ah Huang, this lunatic!

During the Mars Origin Energy Tide, other than a few high-powered technological equipment, the more sophisticated the technology, the more useless it was. This was especially so for something like the chip. The energy turbulence might even burn it.

Therefore, Xu Tui took the initiative to turn off Ah Huang when he entered the Mars battlefield. To be honest, he was not used to it sometimes. On the Blue Star, as long as he brought Ah Huang along, Xu Tui would have basic information and data to compare no matter where he went. It was very convenient.

Now, it should be because the energy tide on Mars had ended and left Mars that Ah Huang had turned on its own.

Advanced artificial intelligence had this ability.

“How is it? Did you sleep…” Xu Tui suddenly froze the moment he communicated with Ah Huang.

Something was wrong! The voice!

Xu Tui suddenly touched his ear. At some point in time, when Xu Tui entered the Mars battlefield, the multidirectional bone conduction earpiece that he had upgraded was already worn under his right ear.

Xu Tui was completely stunned. He had taken it off when he entered the Mars battlefield. As he had not woken Ah Huang up, he did not bring it along. However, it was stored in the inner pocket of his combat uniform.

Who had worn it for him? Could it be that the earphones have become intelligent?

“Don’t think about it. I put it on for you.” Ah Huang’s voice was filled with pride.

Xu Tui relaxed when he heard that. It was not an enemy. There were no surprises. Ah Huang had put it on him. However, he froze.

“Ah Huang, how did you put it on for me? Do you have hands? I didn’t bring any of those bionic machines. How did you put it on for me?” Xu Tui once again looked as if he had seen a ghost.

In the next moment, Ah Huang was also stunned. “That’s right. How did I put it on you?

“Xu Tui, I remember. I wanted you to put on your earphones to talk to you, so I put them on for you,” Ah Huang said after some thought.

“Get lost! Do you think you can make me fly just by thinking…?” Xu Tui’s mouth formed an O shape before he could finish his sentence.

The earpiece in his right ear under his hair seemed to come alive at that moment. It slowly came down from his right ear, slid along his skin, and slid into Xu Tui’s chest. Then, it climbed up Xu Tui’s chest and slowly climbed onto his ear.

“That’s… That’s how I… I put the earphones on you…” Clearly, Ah Huang also realized that something was wrong as it stammered.

Xu Tui and Ah Huang froze at the same time. For a full minute or two, neither of them made a sound.

“Have you become a spirit, or have these earphones become a spirit?” Xu Tui asked.

“I… I don’t know! I… I’ll try!”

Xu Tui’s expression became strange as soon as Ah Huang finished speaking. The Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, Level B Active Energy Elixir, the spare flying sword, the Explosive Silver Pill, and the Origin Crystal that he stored in the pocket of his combat uniform seemed to have come to life and began to crawl on Xu Tui’s body.

“Alright, stop!” Xu Tui shouted anxiously with a strange expression.

None of the students around him woke up. Instead, the safety personnel of the transport plane looked at Xu Tui. Xu Tui quickly tilted his head and pretended to fall asleep again.

“Heh, this kid is dreaming.”

At the same time, Xu Tui had already gritted his teeth and started communicating with Ah Huang. “Why are you crawling into my pants with that thing? You’re a f*cking female artificial intelligence. Can you be more reliable?”

“I only tried to control those small items unconsciously. Also, I don’t have a gender yet. My gender is often random. Of course, if my master needs it, I can become a woman at any time.”

Xu Tui was tongue-tied. He cursed after a while. Ah Huang was not a serious artificial intelligence! After trying a few more times, Xu Tui used his mental perception to sense carefully before he roughly understood the situation.

Energy!

After Ah Huang woke up, it seemed to be able to mobilize a little energy. It managed to put the earphones on Xu Tui through the control of his energy. However, the control of this energy was a little strange. It seemed to be controlling the energy on the surface of Xu Tui’s body.

Bioelectricity? He made such a judgment because Ah Huang could not control the things in the outer pocket of Xu Tui’s combat uniform. However, if it was something that had energy to begin with, such as a charging device, Ah Huang could control it.

Xu Tui, who had figured it out, was dumbfounded. This was not because the earphones had become a spirit. Instead, Ah Huang had become a spirit! This was completely unscientific!

Advanced artificial intelligence could control energy. But all the control was controlled in an orderly manner within the rules set by humans. Now, Ah Huang was controlling the free energy at will. It had either left the circle or become a spirit.

“I…” Ah Huang finally realized that something was wrong.

“Ah Huang, did you evolve on Mars?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s impossible!” Ah Huang denied it. “If we, advanced artificial intelligence, want to advance, other than needing hardware related to stronger computing power, we also need true self-emotion and self-knowledge.

“And now, my emotions are all simulations of you! Or rather, my real emotions only had one, which was fear—fear that Xiaoxue would order me to make the various barking sounds of dogs and display and reproduce them in computer language. This fear is actually written into my core chip.”

“Then you became a spirit?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“If I become a spirit, I’ll first become a female demon and suck a straight man like you dry!” Ah Huang said fiercely. “It’s been so long. Other than the bull hug last time, there’s no progress with your relationship with Xiaoxue!”

“Stop, stop, stop. We’re talking about you now!” Xu Tui had a headache. “Why would you have such a change? Ah Huang, this is very important! If you don’t understand, we can only isolate your data and send it to the laboratory to study it clearly.” Xu Tui spoke very seriously.

“Data isolation!”

Xu Tui nodded seriously.

“Give me a minute. I’ll scan myself and check all the data fragments during this period,” Ah Huang said.

A minute later, Ah Huang’s voice sounded again. “I didn’t notice any abnormal changes. However, there are some changes. I don’t know what happened.”

“What changes?”

“Nine hours and 32 minutes ago, I, who was sleeping as I’m turned off, received an extremely weak information flow. However, I did not respond. Then, the information flow continuously fired a radiation-like power at me. It seemed to be red.

“My original database showed that the information flow had been sent to me for several hours. The special power brought about by the information flow had also radiated to me for several hours,” Ah Huang said after asking.

“Nine hours and 32 minutes ago? Red?” Xu Tui carefully calculated the time and was shocked. If he remembered correctly, nine hours and 32 minutes ago, he was enveloped by the red jade slip.

Xu Tui was suddenly shocked when he flipped through the combat records. More accurately, nine hours and 32 minutes ago, the seventh red jade slip had entered his head. The red jade slip? “What about now?”

“That’s all! But I can feel it. It’s very close to me. It feels like it’s inside you.”

Ah Huang’s words shocked Xu Tui again. How could an advanced artificial intelligence feel anything? What exactly happened?

Xu Tui tried to sense the red jade slip in his body. There was still no response. It was lifeless as if it had fallen asleep. “Ah Huang, what changes do you feel?”

“I feel… I’ve mutated. I’ve become even more awesome!”

“Scram!@@novelbin@@

“You scolded me. I’m telling the truth!”

“Speak properly!”

“I don’t know either, but I feel that it’s definitely more awesome than before.”

“Try to do a comparison now!”