Chapter 625 - 625 Mechanical Spirit

625 Mechanical Spirit

“You brought me food?” An Xiaoxue, who looked like she had just taken a shower, was a little stunned when she saw the lunch box Xu Tui handed her. Her long silver hair that had yet to be tied up was still dripping with water.

“Xu Tui, you’re late. If you had come five minutes earlier, you would have seen the beauty coming out of the bath.”

“Scram! Xu Tui realized that Ah Huang had gone overboard ever since it was illuminated by the so-called red jade slip.

An Xiaoxue frowned slightly. “Why are you using your mind power here?”

!!

Clearly, An Xiaoxue had sensed something. Xu Tui froze. It was not easy to make up a story. Fortunately, An Xiaoxue took the initiative to understand Xu Tui. “Is there something wrong with your mind power? Urgent? Why did you bring me food?” An Xiaoxue was puzzled.

“No, I was indeed a little anxious when I first discovered this problem. Miss An, eat first. We’ll talk after you eat.”

It was only now that Xu Tui felt that this matter was not that urgent. When he first realized that Ah Huang might have been parasitized, Xu Tui felt extremely anxious. However, Xu Tui suddenly realized after Ah Huang said something about the 70 methods to woo a girl that it was not that urgent.

If it was really fatal, he or Ah Huang would have had a problem long ago. There was no hurry.

An Xiaoxue finished the food that Xu Tui had brought over as he insisted.

The resources of Phobos were even scarcer than those of the Moon base. They mainly focused on meat and dehydrated vegetables that could be maintained for a long time. The fresh green vegetables that An Xiaoxue liked only had that small portion.

However, An Xiaoxue also ate happily.

An Xiaoxue had finished the four food boxes that Xu Tui had brought with him. She blushed slightly when she saw that her lunch box was empty. She tidied up before getting Xu Tui to get down to business.

Xu Tui immediately used his mind power domain and energy field to wrap the entire communication device up. Only then did he tell An Xiaoxue about the abnormalities.

“You’re saying that you can directly communicate with Ah Huang through spiritual resonance? That’s… impossible, right?” An Xiaoxue was also shocked.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. If not for that, he would not have used the word ‘urgent’.

“You suspect that Ah Huang has been parasitized by some extraterrestrial creature? Or that it has been invaded by the technological data of the extraterrestrial invaders?” An Xiaoxue fell into deep thought after knowing the problem.

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment before he decided not to tell An Xiaoxue about the Red Fire Slip.

An Xiaoxue was definitely trustworthy. However, the threat of the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s head was unknown. Moreover, it was very important.

A single mistake might bring An Xiaoxue great trouble. If anything really happened, Xu Tui could bear the responsibility alone. He did not want to die together with her.

“Your doubts are possible. I need to eliminate them one by one. I want to verify Ah Sanhuang’s original core data. Use your mental perception to look at Ah Huang’s core chip. If it is really parasitized by an unknown extraterrestrial creature, it must have a spirit. At such a close distance, your mental perception would definitely be able to detect it. Remember to use the microscopic perception of the School of General Senses.” An Xiaoxue thought for a moment and gave a plan.

“Xu Tui, why did you seal me?” Ah Huang started to clamor as soon as it was released. It clearly felt something.

“Ah Huang, as the owner of the highest authority of Ah Huang’s advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer, I now order you to enter the core program’s security code review program. If there are any byte errors in the security code, you will be forced to be destroyed,” An Xiaoxue said.

Ah Huang instantly quietened down. “Orders received.”

Then, An Xiaoxue projected a program interface from her personal communication device and handed it to Ah Huang to enter. All kinds of characters jumped rapidly, flickering with hundreds of characters every second. This situation lasted for a full ten minutes before the symbols stopped pulsing.

The program interface projected by An Xiaoxue flashed with light and a green pass bar popped up. An Xiaoxue heaved a sigh of relief. “Safety verification passed. You didn’t find a spirit?”

Xu Tui, who was sensing the state of Ah Huang’s chip with all his might, slowly shook his head.

“If we don’t find any spirits, we can eliminate the possibility of being parasitized by extraterrestrial creatures or invaded by alien technology,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Then how can I explain the fact that I can communicate with Ah Huang through spiritual resonance? Under normal circumstances, I can only resonate with a living being that has spirit,” Xu Tui said. But I can’t sense the spirit with my mental perception. Does that mean that my mental perception is not good enough?” Xu Tui doubted himself.

“No! I can tell you very clearly that your mental perception is very strong. It should be stronger than the mental senses of many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. Not only did your mental perception undergo an energy strengthening mutation, but under the red light of the red jade slip, your mental perception also underwent another enhancement, right?” An Xiaoxue asked.

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. He had never told anyone about the development and enhancement of his mental perception. How did An Xiaoxue know? “Miss An, how did you know?”

An Xiaoxue smiled. “After the development of my Dimensional Explosion, it was a little special. However, it was hard to say about Ah Huang’s current change.

“If you want to completely understand it, you have to use another super quantum computer with computing power that is even stronger than its main body to disassemble Ah Huang’s data and analyze it one by one.”

Ah Huang, who was listening, was dumbfounded. Xu Tui could clearly sense that Ah Huang seemed to be letting out an extremely soft tremble. It was afraid! This fellow was afraid!

He just did not know if it was true fear or was it a simulated emotion. If it was the latter, then it was normal. If it was the former…

“That’s not appropriate. That data computing power will probably take years to complete. Moreover, if all the data is disassembled and studied, Ah Huang…”

If this was analogous to a human, it would be equivalent to peeling off their skin and frying their bones. Ordinary computer data did not matter. However, he would probably reject it if it was done for a super quantum computer with advanced artificial intelligence.

“That’s right. In that case, Ah Huang is almost destroyed.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui: “…”

Ah Huang: “…”

Why did she have to mention this? Ah Huang felt that she was scaring him.

“Then what about the problem with Ah Huang?” Xu Tui frowned. An Xiaoxue fell into deep thought again.

A few minutes later, she suddenly looked up. “I thought of a possibility.”

“What possibility?”

“Mr. Shang has studied the Mechanical Spirit Race in the past. Mr. Shang even used a special method to infiltrate the Mechanical Spirit Race and studied the reproduction method of the Mechanical Spirit Race. He left behind a notebook. I suddenly remembered that Ah Huang’s current situation is a little similar to the contents of Mr. Shang’s notebook.”

“What’s the content?”

“The birth of a spirit.”

Xu Tui furrowed his brows.

“In Mr. Shang’s notes, according to the current scientific and biological research of the Blue Star, it is impossible for the Mechanical Spirit Race to produce a spirit. However, the Mechanical Spirit Race had a spirit and could be considered part of the living beings.

“Mr. Shang did not manage to find out the secret behind the creation of the new Mechanical Spirit Race. But during Mr. Shang’s infiltration research, he discovered that the new members of the Mechanical Spirit Race did not have any spirits at the beginning. He could not sense any spirits. Yet, it still had all the characteristics of a living being. Then, it would slowly produce a spirit that he could sense with his mental perception. Maybe Ah Huang is like that,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, are you saying that Ah Huang developed a spirit on its own? A soul?” Xu Tui had a surprised expression.

“That’s possible! Especially since Ah Huang had actually been illuminated by the red jade slip. The red light of the red jade slip is a higher-level power. Furthermore, there are still unknown things. It’s hard to say,” An Xiaoxue speculated.

Xu Tui was stunned. It turned out that they were back to square one. Had Ah Huang been parasitized, or had it developed a spirit on its own? He could not be sure. No one could be sure.

“There are two plans. Hand Ah Huang over to me. I’ll keep it. If there’s a problem, I’ll deal with it immediately. Or, you can bring it along and take some time every day to sense it with your mind to see if you can sense its spirit. Observe and record everything about it,” An Xiaoxue said.

…

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui left An Xiaoxue’s dormitory.

After comprehensive consideration, Xu Tui chose to bring Ah Huang along for continuous observation. He did not seem to have come to any conclusion from asking An Xiaoxue for help. But he had gained something.

Mechanical Spirit Race.

Would Ah Huang evolve into a Mechanical Spirit due to some coincidence? He could only say that it was possible.

Xu Tui had such thoughts because the red light that shone on them from the red jade slip was indeed very magical. This included the seventh red jade slip. When it entered Xu Tui’s head, this supernatural phenomenon had completely exceeded his understanding.

It was a supernatural phenomenon in the perception of a supernatural being. It was very likely that it would cause an inexplicable phenomenon. He could only observe dynamically.

At two in the afternoon, Xu Tui made an appointment with the full-wave information detector of Phobos.

It was said that this thing was also an instrument that had been separated from the octagonal full-frequency energy detector on the moon.

All personnel who returned to the moon base from Phobos had to pass the test of the full-wave information detector to be allowed to return to the moon, regardless of whether they participated in the battle.

During the first few years of the alien invasion, there were many problems with humans and various electronic devices. There was such a rule now as this was a lesson learned from the blood shed from humans.

Xu Tui had made an appointment early mainly because he wanted to use this test to see if Ah Huang had been parasitized. However, the testing process disappointed Xu Tui. It ended after standing in front of a huge device for ten seconds.

Xu Tui even took the initiative to hand over Ah Huang’s core, which was in his personal communication device. The screen above the full-wave information detector showed that he had passed with a large green screen. There were no problems with the test.

This time, Ah Huang spoke first. “Xu Tui, you can rest assured now. I’m not being parasitized. If you’re still worried, return me to Xiaoxue. I can’t stand your distrust!”

“I’m just eliminating the threat. I don’t distrust you,” Xu Tui explained. He immediately changed the topic.

“Alright, it’s about time. Let’s make a trip to Koopman’s office. We’ll be done after the letter is delivered,” Xu Tui said.

Ah Huang responded softly. It seemed to be a good thing that Ah Huang was intelligent. At the very least, Xu Tui had an invisible target for discussion. Even if Xu Tui and Ah Huang were not as good as Zhuge Liang, they could still avoid many mistakes.

“By the way, Ah Huang, does the Nine Yin Scripture exist in the genetic ancient martial arts of the Huaxia Sector?” Xu Tui asked on the way there.

The Nine Yin Scripture was an ancient term. If not for the revival of genetic ancient martial arts, many people would not have heard of it.

“I don’t know if there are any Nine Yin Scriptures in the data retrieval, but there are indeed Nine Yin Position Scriptures.”

Xu Tui was confused. He did not understand what Ah Huang was saying. But he instantly understood after Ah Huang secretly told him another story.

Ah Huang chuckled when it saw Xu Tui’s stunned expression. Xu Tui narrowed his eyes when he heard Ah Huang’s laughter.

Ah Huang seemed to be different. This emotion should not be a simulation, right?