Chapter 624 - 624 Shamera’S Secret Signal (2)

624 Shamera’s Secret Signal (2)

However, Ah Huang could!

Simply put, Ah Huang, this advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer chip, had become a chip with a mental consciousness. In other words, this guy might have become alive.

Xu Tui instantly stopped. His heart trembled.

“Xu Tui, what’s wrong?”

Xu Tui broke out in a cold sweat when he thought of a possibility. “N-nothing!” He turned his mind power into an introspective state and sensed the red jade slip.

At that moment, Xu Tui thought of many terrifying possibilities. Was Ah Huang parasitized? Or had he been parasitized by the red jade slip? Otherwise, how could Xu Tui use his spiritual resonance to communicate with Ah Huang, a super quantum computer chip, and turn it into a chip with a mental consciousness?

This was not just unscientific. It could not even be explained by supernatural powers. The only thing Xu Tui could think of was the red fire slip that had entered his head.

“Miss An, are you awake? It’s extremely urgent!” At this moment, the only person Xu Tui could think of to ask for help was An Xiaoxue. He wanted to study Ah Huang with An Xiaoxue to see if there were any problems.

Unfortunately, An Xiaoxue did not respond.

“Miss An, it’s extremely urgent. Call me when you wake up. I’ll look for you!” Xu Tui, who had sensed some extreme malice and even a threat to his life, stood rooted to the ground in a daze. His back was already drenched in cold sweat.

An extraterrestrial creature parasitizing An Huang?

Rumble~

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s stomach rumbled like thunder. It was fine if he did not think about food. But once Xu Tui thought about the delicious food in the canteen, his stomach started to churn.

“Eating is the most important thing in this world!” The next second, Xu Tui ran toward the canteen. Even if he was really parasitized by an extraterrestrial creature and had his mental body invaded, Xu Tui would accept it. However, before that, he had to eat his fill and be a full ghost!

In any case, before he was full, this so-called extraterrestrial parasitic chip did not act up.

Braised beef ribs, sweet and sour pork ribs, pork and celery stuffed buns, chives and eggs stuffed buns, fried chicken wings, and a bottle of carbonated drink. Xu Tui ate until he burped. The only unhappy thing was that Ah Huang was a little noisy.

“Xu Tui, say something. Don’t just eat.”

“Xu Tui, why are you ignoring me?”

“Xu Tui, what exactly did you discover?”

“What if you ask Xiaoxue for help?”

Ah Huang was anxious. Xu Tui was afraid that Ah Huang would be parasitized, so he did not communicate with it anymore. But Ah Huang was anxious, so he replied. “It’s fine. It’s just an idea. I’ll get Xiaoxue to help advise me later.”

“After a comprehensive analysis, I determined that you are lying!” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui: “…”

He looked at his communication device. An Xiaoxue still did not reply.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling anxious, an extremely tall middle-aged man with a full beard appeared in front of him. The moment this man appeared, the elite students of the European Sector immediately became excited. They all gathered around to greet him.

“Mr. Koopman, you are my idol!”

“Mr. Koopman, can I have your autograph?”

…

He should be a quasi-planetary-level or genetic transmutation-level powerhouse. In the Great Genetic Age, it was very easy for top-notch genetic transmutation-level or quasi-planetary-level powerhouses, especially those handsome and beautiful ones, to leave the circle.

It was very easy to have fans. It was also very common for them to be chased and asked for autographs.

Xu Tui lowered his head and prepared to deal with the last spicy chicken wing in front of him. It was a virtue not to waste it! He suddenly froze the moment he lowered his head.@@novelbin@@

All of the information about that person suddenly appeared in his mind. Ultre Koopman, 47 years old, from the European Sector, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

None of that was important. Most importantly, the person Shamera asked Xu Tui to deliver the letter was also called Ultre Koopman.

Xu Tui had not forgotten about sending a letter on behalf of Shamera. However, he did not find the target. He did not expect to see him at Phobos.

Since he saw him, he should deliver it! Even if Shamera exposed the photo of Xu Tui and him, Xu Tui would not be in much trouble in his current situation. However, there was still a lot of potential trouble. Besides, he had to work for others after taking their benefits.

Xu Tui only walked forward and greeted him politely when most of the fans surrounding Koopman had left. “Mr. Koopman, I want to ask you. Is there a second Mr. Ultre Koopman on Phobos?”

Koopman looked at Xu Tui with his deep eyes. His charming uncle’s temperament was undoubtedly displayed. Unfortunately, Xu Tui was a handsome guy. “If there are no newcomers, I should be the only one.”

“That’s great. I’m your fan. I admire your brave battle record of fighting nine people alone in high school the most! I heard that you had already studied the contents of the Huaxia Nine Yin Scripture in high school?” Xu Tui told him about the strange code that Shamera had given him.

Ultre Koopmann’s gaze shifted. The words “Nine Yin Scripture” reminded him of some past events that only existed between a few people. He immediately smiled at Xu Tui. “That’s right. The Nine Yin Scripture in the legends of Huaxia is the most addictive. Unfortunately, I was young back then and did not have perseverance. I did not study it thoroughly. By the way, you’re also from Huaxia. Are you familiar with the Nine Yin Scripture in the Huaxia Sector?”

“Yes, I have some understanding.”

“That’s great. How about we set a time to study the Nine Yin Scripture together?” Ultre Koopman actively invited him.

“It would be my pleasure. What time?”

“Five o’clock this afternoon. I have time.”

“I’ll be there on time.”

“I’ll wait.” Koopman bowed slightly.

Xu Tui, who succeeded in saying the code, turned around in confusion. Suddenly, his communication device vibrated. An Xiaoxue had replied. “Urgent? I just woke up. Come over.”

“Alright, Miss An. I’ll be right there.” After replying, Xu Tui was about to run toward An Xiaoxue’s single dormitory. He was about to run when he suddenly heard Ah Huang’s voice.

“Don’t be anxious. Bring something! Bring something along!”

“Bring what?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Food. At this moment, Xiaoxue has just woken up. Food is the best gift!”

Xu Tui was a little confused. He had urgently asked An Xiaoxue to save his life and clear the mines. Why did he have to bring a gift? Xu Tui ignored Ah Huang and left.

“Xu Tui, do you know that there are 70 ways to woo a girl? One of them is to give a gift. It’s just to bring some food. Take it as a gift for Xiaoxue. What’s wrong with that?” Ah Huang’s voice sounded again.

Xu Tui was stunned. “What are the other 69?”

Hearing this, Ah Huang chuckled. Xu Tui, who had not figured it out for a long time, obediently turned around and walked toward the window of the canteen. Since he did not know about the other 69 types, he would implement this one first.

He had brought some delicious food for An Xiaoxue as a gift!