Chapter 633 - 633 Penetration Perception And Physical Flight (1)

633 Penetration Perception and Physical Flight (1)

Under Xu Tui’s penetrating perception, countless spots of light trembled at a strange frequency. These spots of light should be the parts that formed the quantum portal. Under his penetrating perception, it was only trembling at a strange frequency. He could no longer sense anything. At the very least, Xu Tui did not discover anything at the moment.

Time was of the essence. Even if he was prepared, he only had five to ten seconds to sense the surroundings.

At that moment, Xu Tui’s mind raced. He immediately realized something else. The quantum portal had been built long ago. In that case, how could the quantum portal send someone to the moon in a short period of time?

Xu Tui suddenly understood the direction he wanted to sense. Himself! He had to sense the main changes around him, not the quantum portal.

Xu Tui’s mental senses instantly landed on himself. In his mental perception, countless disorderly spots of light began to make pure disorderly fluctuations. There was also a pattern to the fluctuations of light that formed the quantum portal.

At this moment, the fluctuations of light around Xu Tui were completely chaotic. He was a little confused. However, regardless of whether he was confused or not, the teleportation of the quantum portal was already underway.

As the teleportation continued, Xu Tui and the countless spots of light around him fluctuated in a disorderly manner.

Suddenly, Xu Tui saw another chaotic wave of light. This chaotic fluctuation of light was exactly the same as the form of the light he saw in his surroundings. Before he could react, the chaotic fluctuation of light suddenly became extremely intense. It instantly materialized.

During the process of turning illusions into reality, Xu Tui saw himself.

Xu Tui was instantly shocked. Was the quantum portal teleporting him? However, his penetrating perception also formed an extremely strange phenomenon. He felt that his penetrating perception had been split into half. Half of it had been sent over by the quantum portal, but the other half was still in the quantum portal of Phobos.

Xu Tui suddenly saw an extremely strange scene in this strange state.

Two of him!

There were two Xu Tuis.

However, Xu Tui, who was at the quantum portal, was rapidly fading. With a thought, his penetrating perception changed slightly. He immediately added his microscopic perception. Then, Xu Tui saw Xu Tui, who was fading away at the quantum portal on Phobos, instantly turn into countless spots of light.

The countless spots of light shrank toward Xu Tui, who was gradually materializing, at an unprecedented speed. Countless lights spun and retracted. Finally, the two Xu Tui merged into one.@@novelbin@@

This process was extremely fast, but Xu Tui could see it extremely clearly with his mental perception. He suddenly understood what he was seeing.

This was the rewind of the quantum entanglement state! More accurately, it was another way to use the quantum entanglement state. If the process he saw just now was replayed, it would be the original appearance of the quantum entanglement state.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. It was also at this moment that he saw another figure through his senses. The other figure walked toward Xu Tui’s position at the quantum portal. It turned into countless lights and began to flicker rhythmically.

Was the other person going to start teleporting through the quantum portal? Xu Tui suddenly had a splitting headache the moment this thought occurred to him. He felt as if his head had exploded. He fell backward, his mouth filled with blood.

Xu Tui fell heavily to the ground. He panted heavily, wanting to ease the discomfort in his head. However, the intense pain in his head made his vision turn black. He wanted to fall asleep. He instantly understood the reason. His mind power was exhausted!

This is the situation when his mind power was exhausted. Xu Tui did not have the time to think about the reason. He risked his last bit of will and searched for the Level B Active Energy Elixir in his combat uniform with extreme difficulty.

At this critical moment, he had to drink a bottle to recover his mind power. Otherwise, he did not know if he would be played to death by his plan. He predicted all the unexpected possibilities. Even if it was a small probability event, he had come up with an expected and corresponding plan. However, he did not expect his mind power to be exhausted because he sensed the quantum portal.

Suddenly, Xu Tui missed. The location of the Level B Active Energy Elixir in the pocket of his standard combat uniform was empty.

No!

Xu Tui instantly felt as if he had fallen into hell. The Level B Active Energy Elixir that was used to recover mind power at the critical moment was gone! How was that possible!

He, Xu Tui, would not make such a low-level mistake. He would check on emergency medicine even during training. Moreover, this was actually wartime. It was Xu Tui’s own battle. An hour before he set off, Xu Tui specially checked the condition of all kinds of emergency medicine and equipment. There could not be a problem!

In this hour, he did not lose any emergency medicine. Could it be that some items might be lost when he was teleported through the quantum portal? His heart sank.

Xu Tui bit the tip of his tongue and tried his best not to fall asleep. He reached for the other backpack in his combat uniform with extreme difficulty. In the other backpack was a 0.8-grams processed mind power Origin Crystal that he had obtained from Zhu Lang.

Mind power Origin Crystals could directly recover mind power. However, Xu Tui did not know if absorbing the power in the mind power Origin Crystal to replenish his mind power would allow him to stay awake when his mind power was exhausted.