Chapter 635 - 635 Penetration Perception And Physical Flight (3)

635 Penetration Perception and Physical Flight (3)

However, that was not all.

After observing many aspects of the operation of the quantum entanglement state, he already understood that the Heart Sword Heart Eye of the Genetic Miracle was actually just the most preliminary use of the quantum entanglement state.

However, the operating state of the quantum entanglement state that Xu Tui had sensed and seen just now was extremely comprehensive. He saw the formation and growth of the small quantum entanglement state. He also saw the expansion, resonance, response, and frequency of the quantum entanglement state.

This feeling was extremely precious.

However, what was even more precious was the feeling of Xu Tui’s penetrating perception being split into two by the quantum portal.

Xu Tui’s penetrating perception could sense his situation on the moon. At the same time, he could also sense the situation of Phobos’ quantum portal and even those who came later while he was on the Moon.

One had to know that they were more than 50 million kilometers away. A sky shuttle with a cruising speed of Mach 30 would have to fly for four to five months. Yet, Xu Tui’s mental perception could cross this distance in an instant. This could no longer be explained with magic.

That moment gave Xu Tui an extremely deep impression.

Xu Tui had already thought of many things when he calmed down. As long as he could expand and completely understand that feeling, he believed that his usage and attainments in the quantum entanglement state would definitely far exceed the current level of the Genetic Miracle.

At this moment, Xu Tui was constantly deepening his memories and feelings. He could not forget anything as it was too rare.

Xu Tui would probably have to be careful if he was given the chance to try again next time. After all, this kind of attempt could completely exhaust one’s mind power and cause one to die. As he continued to deepen his memory, Xu Tui suddenly remembered the intense pain in his head.

Xu Tui remembered very clearly that he still had a wave of intense pain in his head before his mind power was exhausted. However, this wave of pain was overshadowed by the pain caused by the depletion of his mind power.

Xu Tui finally remembered. He adjusted his breathing and entered a meditative state. Then, he switched to the illusory introspection. Under the illusory introspection, the genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body were all normal.

Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly shifted. He noticed an anomaly. His illusory figure was three-dimensional. He suddenly realized that there was a genetic base point flickering rhythmically behind his head on the illusory figure.

This genetic base point was very strange. Half of it was silver, and the other half was gray. The light was very dim. It was not activated. The rhythm was extremely slow. If not for the fact that it was half silver and half gray, Xu Tui would not have noticed it.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had the habit of using his illusory introspection to observe and record his changes every night. He was certain that this half-silver and half-gray genetic base point had never appeared before. This sudden appearance was most likely related to what Xu Tui had just experienced.

“Genetic base points related to the quantum entanglement state?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled. But why was it half silver and half gray? Moreover, this silver-gray genetic base point had nothing to do with the genetic ability chains that Xu Tui had activated.

Furthermore, it was in the back of his head, all alone. It was like the occasional flash of light in the dark outer space.

“If it’s related to the quantum entanglement state, does that mean that among the countless generations of human ancestors, there were also abilities related to the quantum entanglement state? So it left behind the relevant genetic base points?”

Xu Tui was making a guess when he suddenly sensed something with his mental perception. Two figures were flying over at high speed from afar. His gaze froze the moment he opened his eyes and looked over.

Physical flying!