Chapter 632 - 632 Sensing The Quantum Portal Again

632 Sensing the Quantum Portal Again

“Xu Tui, why are you dawdling? It’s almost two o’clock. Hurry up and gather.” Yan Lie urged Xu Tui at the door of the dormitory. It was almost time to gather. As a teammate, Yan Lie had come to rush Xu Tui.

“Coming.” Xu Tui carried his backpack and slowly walked out of the extremely cramped single dormitory. It felt a little difficult to turn around while carrying his backpack. He was not dawdling. He was perfecting the plan and making relevant preparations.

Since he was going to try to be the mastermind, he had to prepare well. Every mastermind’s plan had been modified countless times. Xu Tui was walking toward his first step as the mastermind.

From two to five in the afternoon, the students from the Huaxia Sector passed through the quantum portal in three hours. After arriving at the moon, the people who transported the Huaxia Sector students were basically from the Huaxia Sector.

!!

The receiver of the signal transmitters sent to the Huaxia Sector students was controlled by the people from the Huaxia Sector on the Moon.

In this aspect, the six alliances were still extremely wary of each other. It would be a loss if anything happened to the students who had finally returned from the Mars battlefield alive. Although the probability of an accident happening to the transport plane was small, it was entirely possible for it to happen.

Whether it was an accident or man-made was hard to say.

To a certain extent, the quantum portal of Phobos was the most important strategic point of Phobos. Therefore, an extremely cumbersome defensive fortress was built inside the military base. There were also heavy weapons around it. It could be seen how important this quantum portal was.

After passing through the security check and verifying his identity, he passed through a long passageway and verified the holographic information again before entering the passageway of the quantum portal to wait.

This was probably the fundamental reason why Old Sha wanted a legal identity. Even if Old Sha got an Aerospace Combat Jet to fly between Mars and the Moon, the round trip would take at least a year. This is not including the accidents he might encounter during a long-term space flight.

So how awesome was this quantum portal? As soon as he entered, he arrived at the moon from the Phobos in a few seconds. It was still very safe.

It was very lively in front of the tunnel. The Huaxia Sector’s students who had returned from the Mars battle gathered in twos and threes. They chatted happily and occasionally felt sad. The losses in the Huaxia Sector in this Mars battle were very low. The overall loss was less than 4%. In other words, less than four out of a hundred people had died in battle.

Still, some of them died in battle. Out of a thousand people, nearly 40 had died in battle. This time, there were nearly 3,000 freshmen participating in the battle in the Huaxia Sector. In the entire battle casualty ratio, the Huaxia Sector’s new students suffered slightly higher losses, close to 5%. 144 freshmen from the Huaxia Sector had died in battle.

To most of them, the 144 students who had died in battle were just a number. They were all from all over the country and did not know each other. However, it was a bone-piercing pain for their classmates. After they returned…

Xu Tui turned his gaze and saw Zhao Hailong and Cui Xi. When he saw Cui Xi, Xu Tui quickly leaned over and slapped Cui Xi’s left shoulder.

“Oh, stop slapping it. It’s just grown out!” Cui Xi instinctively screamed in fear. He turned around and saw Xu Tui laughing.

“You’ve grown your arm?”

“When I came to Phobos, I was sent to the nutrition chamber and injected with medicine. It grew out. However, it will take half a month to reach the initial strength. I still need to train hard to stimulate the corresponding genetic base points,” Cui Xi said.

Cui Xi waved his new left hand. His skin was very pale and looked soft, but it was very agile.

“Is that considered a problem?” Xu Tui punched Cui Xi.

Hearing this, Cui Xi laughed. “When I recover, we’ll fight again!”

“Cui Xi, you’re lucky that you cultivated the Vajra Tide Force Field.” Zhao Hailong leaned over. Xu Tui waited for Zhao Hailong to continue. “Otherwise, you don’t have to go to the battlefield. You’ll be tortured to death by your masochism,” Zhao Hailong said with a smile.

Cui Xi did not understand.

Zhao Hailong looked at Xu Tui. “I’ll wait for you on the Longhu Overall Rankings when you get back.”

Xu Tui smiled and made an OK gesture. At this moment, Cui Xi finally understood what Zhao Hailong meant. He was saying that he would be tortured if he wanted to fight Xu Tui. Even the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, was waiting for Xu Tui on the Longhu Overall Rankings. One could imagine Xu Tui’s strength.

Not far away, the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, stood alone. He stood out like a crane among chickens as he looked at Xu Tui from afar. Xu Tui was in the limelight of this Mars battle. On the other hand, he, the Dragon of Huaxia, had missed the key subsequent battles because of his injuries.

He had even lost first place in the battle merits on the Mars battlefield this year. However, the teammates of the strong were also the strong. On the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings, his team was still ranked first!

Not far away, a delicate laugh suddenly came. Everyone turned around and looked over. Four to five girls were surrounding Luo Murong, attracting his attention with their various postures. Only Luo Murong, who was wearing a custom-made Hanfu combat uniform, stood there with his golden saber in hand. His long hair fluttered in the wind. He looked exceptionally graceful.

In front of him, the students from the Huaxia Sector who were lined up in front had already begun to teleport through the quantum portal. The number of people was constantly decreasing.

It was Xu Tui’s turn at about 2:30.

“Xu Tui, it’s our turn. Let’s stay together,” Yan Lie took the initiative to say.

“You first!” Xu Tui took the initiative to step back and let Yan Lie enter first.

“Let’s go together.”

“You first!”

Yan Lie did not understand why Xu Tui insisted. When they came to the Mars battlefield, they came as a team, they had come together and landed together. What was going on with Xu Tui when he returned? Was he not going to team up with him anymore? At the thought of this, Yan Lie suddenly felt a little disappointed.

Was he going to be abandoned by Xu Tui?

Previously, he had realized that he was not strong enough. He had already decided that he would spend all his contribution points to increase his strength when he returned. He did not expect Xu Tui to abandon him first.

“I cultivate the abilities of the School of General Senses. Some abilities require me to use my mental perception at special times. It’s very safe when we go back. Let’s split up. I can take the opportunity to sense the original quantum frequency in different states.” Xu Tui found an excuse.

Only then did Yan Lie understand and enter the passageway first. However, he had already decided in his heart that he would work hard and cultivate diligently when he returned. Otherwise, he might be abandoned by Xu Tui next time. He would not even be able to be a tool.@@novelbin@@

The mental perception excuse he used to send Yan Lie was true. However, the fundamental reason was that the subsequent plan was very dangerous and sensitive, be it to send a new identity to Old Sha or to deal with another wave of masterminds.

Yan Lie could not be present. Otherwise, it would only harm him.

“Xu Tui Number 1024, teleport.” A call came from the entrance of the quantum portal.

Xu Tui stepped forward. After verifying his electronic identity again, the guard gestured for Xu Tui to enter. However, Xu Tui stopped the moment he stepped into the tunnel. An invisible mental perception instantly spread out.

“Hurry up. Don’t dawdle at the entrance of the tunnel,” the guard urged.

“Okay.”

It had been a few seconds since he replied. Xu Tui’s mental perception had already switched to a penetrating state through his highly focused mental perception. He slowly walked toward the flickering quantum portal. His penetrating perception followed him forward. Although there were slight fluctuations, his penetrating perception continued to exist. He stood still and stepped in.

In an instant, Xu Tui sensed the invisible barrier inside the quantum portal. However, his penetrating perception, which he had prepared, directly passed through the barrier of this invisible quantum portal.

An indescribable power fluctuation enveloped Xu Tui’s body at this moment. The teleportation began.

Countless spots of light with strange frequencies appeared in Xu Tui’s perception.