Chapter 634 - 634 Penetration Perception And Physical Flight (2)

634 Penetration Perception and Physical Flight (2)

Or will he faint?

If it was the former, everything would be fine. If it was the latter…

Just as Xu Tui’s fingers were trembling as he reached into his pocket, he suddenly felt a cold and moist sensation at the corner of his mouth.

“You should make a convenient switch for this thing. It’s too f*cking difficult for me to open this bottle cap with that extremely weak bioelectric energy! It’s even harder than losing your virginity!” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. Xu Tui relaxed. He already understood where his bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir had gone.

!!

It was Ah Huang.

Ah Huang had seen that something was wrong with him and used its ability to save Xu Tui. Xu Tui wanted to communicate with Ah Huang and explain something. However, his mind power was exhausted. It was already good enough that he did not faint. He wanted to communicate with Ah Huang under spiritual resonance? Dream on!

This time was very important. He had to contact Old Sha immediately! Otherwise, Xu Tui’s plan might have gone overboard.

Xu Tui drank the Level B Active Energy Elixir that Ah Huang had poured into his mouth. His fingers struggled as he touched a miniature transmitter in the pocket of his combat uniform. When his fingers touched it, the pocket opened automatically. It was Ah Huang helping him.

“I know you have to send a signal to Traitor Sha as soon as possible, but my bioelectricity is too weak. I can’t press it. Do it yourself.” Ah Huang complained as it assisted Xu Tui. “I think that you need an electronic product that I can control at any time in the future. In that case, even if I want to help you, I won’t have to watch helplessly.”

Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief when he pressed the button on Old Sha’s electronic signal transmitter. With Ah Huang’s help, he also consumed a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. The effect of the Level B Active Energy Elixir was still very fast. In just 30 seconds, Xu Tui felt a cooling sensation on his head. He quickly recovered a portion of his mind power.

His eyelids no longer twitched. He did not feel like he was about to fall asleep. He had just recovered when he struggled to sit up.

“How long have I been here?” Xu Tui asked Ah Huang.

“Sixty-seven seconds.”

Before Xu Tui strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain into a Level 2 Silver Genetic Ability Chain, he would be able to recover half of his mind power in a short period of time after he consumed a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. But now, it would be good if his mind power could exceed 20% in a short period of time.

Xu Tui took a deep breath and stood up again. He held the 0.8-grams mind power Origin Crystal in his hand. He quickly absorbed the mind power inside as he quickly made preparations and observed his surroundings.

“Basically, this should be the Planck Moon Valley on the Moon. It’s about 1,100 kilometers away from the Moon’s general base. Your luck is not too bad.” Ah Huang introduced the terrain to Xu Tui. Even if Ah Huang did not have the Internet here, there was a large amount of offline information stored in its body. It was equivalent to an extremely detailed encyclopedia.

He scattered a lot of useless Origin Crystal powder so that Xu Tui could use Butterfly Flight when he was in danger. Then, he found a relatively high place and stood still. He steadied his breathing and waited quietly.

The situation was not as bad as before. After two rounds of recovery, Xu Tui’s mind power had recovered to 30%. It was still recovering quickly. He already had the strength to fight.

He activated his mental perception. The short-particle signal transmitter that Xu Tui had discovered in the emergency water bag on his chest was still sending out signals at a ten-second frequency. The ground not far away trembled slightly at a visible speed. It was because Xu Tui had reconnected with the original quantum frequency of the moon’s mountain.

An invisible mental hammer had already appeared above Xu Tui’s head with a whoosh.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He finally had the strength to fight! There had been an accident, but it was not too bad. “How long has it been?”

“Two minutes and 14 seconds have passed since we landed.”

Xu Tui nodded.

Old Sha arrived one to five minutes later. The enemy would probably arrive at the same time as Old Sha. It was purely based on luck. However, Xu Tui began to recall the scene he had sensed just now before the enemy appeared.

At this moment, he understood why his mind power had been exhausted.

There were no problems with his previous senses. The problem should be the penetrating perception that had split into two, as well as the teleportation fluctuations of the guy who had walked into the quantum portal after Xu Tui.

The average distance between Phobos and the Moon was more than 50 million kilometers.

Even with the intervention of the quantum portal, Xu Tui’s penetrating perception was successfully split into two. He could sense the situation of the quantum portal on Phobos even though he was on the Moon.

The load of mind power was endless.

Xu Tui highly suspected that if he had not been separated by the quantum entanglement state and allowed his mental perception to exist in the form of a quantum entanglement state, he might have already died from his brain exhaustion. He felt that he had been a little reckless when it came to sensing the quantum portal.

However, the gains could be said to be huge.

Xu Tui had gained a lot after witnessing the operation of the quantum entanglement state. It could be said that he would be able to train his quantum entanglement state soon after he returned. Heart Sword Heart Eye should not be a problem.

Having personally seen the operating state of the quantum entanglement state, it was equivalent to someone giving Xu Tui an extremely direct demonstration. It would be strange if he could not master it.