Chapter 631 - 631 Features Of Painted Skin

631 Features of Painted Skin

“It looks like the Nine Yin Scriptures are indeed our common hobby.” This was the first thing Koopman said when he saw Xu Tui.

“Coffee or tea?” Koopman had a faint smile on his face.

“I hate the Nine Yin Scripture.” Xu Tui was not in a good mood. The short-particle positioning signal device that he had discovered on his body today made Xu Tui feel powerless and restrained.

Zhu Lang’s statement could basically explain the attitude of the Huaxia Sector. The Huaxia Sector was really good to Xu Tui. It was perfect. They agreed to all of Xu Tui’s requests. However, he could not use it.

Xu Tui did not just want to return to the moon base safely. He also wanted to get rid of the person who was plotting against him. He would only feel at ease if he killed him.

However, it was time for the return of the student elites. It was almost certain that the Huaxia Sector had sent Genetic Transmutation Realm experts out of the moon base to receive them. It would scare off the mastermind.

Huaxia Sector could also secretly fetch Xu Tui. However, they needed time to prepare. If Xu Tui delayed passing through the quantum portal for no reason, the mastermind would most likely be alerted.

In any case, Xu Tui would definitely be alerted if he was the mastermind. This feeling of restraint, powerlessness, and danger had already made Xu Tui feel bad. Furthermore, Koopman had previously mentioned Painted Skin. It reminded Xu Tui of another mastermind. He became even more displeased.

At that moment, Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. Why did he always have a mastermind dealing with him? Was being a genius wrong? Was it wrong to contribute to humanity?

At that moment, Xu Tui suddenly had a strong urge. He did not want to be a target anymore. He wanted to be the mastermind! He wanted to become the mastermind! In the future, all the tension, pressure, and worry should be imposed on others by him, the mastermind, instead of letting him bear it.

It was also this thought that suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

Suddenly, a vague thought appeared. Actually, this was also one of the reasons why Xu Tui had come to see Koopman.

Koopman’s identity was rather special. His public identity was that of the intelligence chief of the Phobos’ Combat Command. Of course, being a member of The Myth was also one of his public identities. However, Xu Tui felt that there was a high chance that Koopman was a core member of The Myth.

Every organization had a core member. Xu Tui felt that Shamera should be. Koopman should be, too.

“No, as a man, you can’t hate the Nine Yin Scripture. You should like it or even make the Nine Yin Scripture your target. Come, have a drink.” Koopman spoke these words with a straight face. He handed over a cup of fragrant coffee.

Xu Tui, who already understood what the Nine Yin Scripture meant, could not describe his current feelings.

Damn it, a foreigner actually knew how to play such an ancient joke. It was simply…

Most importantly, Xu Tui wasn’t in the mood to talk about topics that all men liked to talk about.

“No sugar.” Koopman added when he saw that Xu Tui did not take it.

Xu Tui was shocked. He had a habit of drinking coffee, especially before he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He used it to refresh himself. However, he usually bought those cheap coffee mixes. And he would only drink sugar-free.

Firstly, bitter coffee was more refreshing. Secondly, sweets made it easy to gain weight and not look handsome. However, only Xu Tui knew about this habit. He had never revealed it outside. Koopman had displayed his intelligence-gathering ability to Xu Tui just by saying that he did not add sugar.

“I want to know what the picture you sent me means?” Xu Tui asked after he took the coffee.

Koopman raised his coffee toward Xu Tui. “At this moment, most people still treat you as a student. However, I would rather see you as an adult society unit. Yes, I prefer to communicate with smart people. Stupid and cute people could only be fed as pets. They were not qualified to be cooperation partners. I think you should understand what I mean.” Koopman sipped his coffee again. His full beard trembled slightly. He was smiling faintly.

Xu Tui took a sip of coffee. The fragrance and bitterness entered his mouth at the same time, stimulating his taste buds.

“What are your conditions? Also, I want to know the accuracy of your information,” Xu Tui said.

“Xu Tui, because of Old Sha, I’ll give you an additional reminder. In the extra-terrestrial, no one could guarantee that all the information was 100% accurate. Many times, you could only analyze and judge for yourself.

“It was useless to rely on other people’s guarantees to guarantee the accuracy of the information. Of course, I can guarantee you that the information I gave you once existed. It’s not a fabrication.”

Xu Tui understood. What Koopman meant was that what he had investigated was true. But now, he could not guarantee that it would work. It could be considered a lesson for Xu Tui.

While Xu Tui was thinking, Koopman had already handed him a piece of paper. There were four lines of words written on it.

1. Painted Skin is not a person, but an organization.

2. Painted Skin Feng Qian, who was lurking beside Luo Shifeng, was one of the high-ranking people in charge of this organization.

3. The nature of Painted Skin was a little like the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. However, it was older and had a closer relationship with the extraterrestrial invaders.

4. There was more than one Painted Skin, but there were not many people who could be called Painted Skin. Moreover, every Painted Skin had one to several characteristics that could not be changed. It was the same for Painted Skin ‘Feng Qian’.

After reading the four lines of words, Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly became sharp and excited. “What are the unchangeable characteristics of Painted Skin, Feng Qian?”

Hearing this, Koopman smiled again and raised his coffee. “Here, when you’re free, help me do one or two things. I’ll teach you the ability to collect and analyze key information from ordinary information. You should have seen the characteristics of Painted Skin ‘Feng’ Qian.”

Xu Tui had thought that Koopman was going to raise a condition. He did not expect him to change the topic and say that he had seen it before. He thought about it. He could not remember what unique characteristics Painted Skin Feng Qian had. He shook his head.

Koopman operated his personal device and showed Xu Tui a data list. “This is the purchase and action records of Painted Skin ‘Feng Qian’ that I collected with the rights of an ordinary intelligence officer. She had been to three different hospitals during her impersonation of Feng Qian.

“Every time she arrived near the hospital, her whereabouts would be lost. Coincidentally, the three hospitals she went to would release reports that theirplasma had been damaged due to poor maintenance one to two days after she arrived nearby.

“Three hospitals, same situation. Then, in Feng Qian’s online purchase records, she had once bought a high-end portable cooler. Feng Qian had a fridge in her house. She did not have any basic illnesses that required her to bring medicine with her. And the portable cooler she bought can hold four bags of standard plasma,” Koopman said.

“She needs plasma?”

“And it’s the plasma of genetic newcomers.”

Xu Tui was shocked. “Why did Painted Skin Feng Qian use plasma?”

“We speculate that it’s for the superpower needs of the Painted Skin.” After saying that, without waiting for Xu Tui to be shocked, Koopman put away the projection image. “Actually, this information is close to public information. Most people can find it. It’s just that you didn’t analyze and make any associations. How about it? Do you want to learn from me?” Koopman laughed.

Xu Tui was stunned. He said politely, “When I have the time in the future.”

Koopman nodded. “Alright, then. Look, I’ve already given you the information. Next, can I make conditions? Old Sha said that you like to take advantage of others, so I have to give you benefits first before raising conditions with you!”

Xu Tui was stunned at first. Then, he glared at him. “I took advantage of him? I saved his life, okay?”

“Haha, I’m just joking. However, I’ll remember this. You can explain it to him when you return to the Moon. Yes, Old Sha said that I have to be more sincere when I’m with you. So, I showed you the information first. Next, you can do or choose not to do the conditions I raise!” Koopman said.

F*ck! Xu Tui only had one word. Koopman had already put the matter to this extent. He had read the information. How could he refuse? Xu Tui would probably not be able to refuse as long as it was not something like sending him to his death or betraying the interests of the Huaxia Sector.

“Actually, it’s not difficult. I have a set of identity chip verification information and a signal transmitter here. After you return to the moon through the quantum portal, as long as you are not extremely lucky and crash into the moon base, delay sending a signal to the moon base for a few minutes. Press the signal transmitter I gave you first. Then hand over the certified information of the identity chip I gave you to the person,” Koopman said.

“Old Sha has arrived at the moon?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Koopman smiled. “Yes, but he’s unregistered. His superpower still can’t deal with pervasive technological applications.”

“Fake identity security information?”

“It’s real.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui looked at Koopman and understood. This is a new identity. He had created a new identity for Shamera. Koopman’s position really had this ability. This fellow was a traitor in The Myth!

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought. This seemed to be a wonderful opportunity. This opportunity could not be more suitable.

“After I send out the signal, how long will it take for Old Sha to rush over? According to the rules, every student has to send out a location signal the moment they land on the moon so that the Moon base can send out a transport aircraft. I’m afraid I won’t be able to stall for too long.” Xu Tui quickly perfected his sudden plan.

“It depends on luck. Within one to five minutes.”

Xu Tui suddenly understood. It was a matter of luck who arrived first, the mastermind, or the traitor, Old Sha. Of course, even if he was unlucky, Xu Tui still had the confidence to stall for a minute or two.

Xu Tui had already made a decision.