Chapter 630 - 630 Fetched Secretly?

630 Fetched Secretly?

“In the inner self-lock of the emergency water bag, I feel that it’s a little different,” Ah Huang suddenly said.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. Something was wrong with the self-lock? His mental perception instantly landed on the self-lock on the emergency water bag below the chest of his combat uniform. It was a multi-layered alloy product. The design was very exquisite. It was very thin.

An abnormality? Xu Tui did not notice it with his mental perception. However, Ah Huang would never joke with him like that. He continued to use his mental perception and began to enter the Penetration Perception.

However, penetration perception was ineffective against this alloy product. Penetration perception was more effective against energy barriers.

Xu Tui focused and used his energy perception. Of course, it was mainly to find energy. The only thing that Ah Huang could discover that there was a problem was an electronic device. As long as it was an electronic device, it would have an energy reaction.

Three seconds. Five seconds. No reaction. However, in the tenth second, Xu Tui suddenly sensed an extremely weak energy reaction from the self-lock. The energy reaction was only slightly stronger than bioelectricity.

What did that mean?

Xu Tui was a living person. As long as he stood there and breathed, bioelectricity would continuously flow around his body. In other words, under normal circumstances, as long as Xu Tui was still alive, normal instruments would not be able to detect the energy fluctuations on the self-lock.

There was a bioelectric fluctuation every ten seconds. Other than that, Xu Tui did not discover anything else with his extremely powerful mental perception.

“What did you discover?” Xu Tui suddenly realized that Ah Huang might not have only discovered bioelectricity. Otherwise, it would not be said to be interesting.

“I can’t explain it clearly. I just felt a fluctuation, the fluctuation of my kind. It’s just like how you humans sense the heartbeats of other humans,” Ah Huang said.

“Your kind?” This word made Xu Tui’s expression turn serious. “Ah Huang, are you saying that the thing in my water bag is one of your kind? Is it also an advanced artificial intelligence? Or even an advanced artificial intelligence with a spirit? Or could it be the Mechanical Spirit Race?”

In an instant, Xu Tui felt as if he was facing a great enemy. That would be too terrifying if that really was the case. Did that mean that the alien species had already infiltrated Phobos?

“No, it’s not what you think. The meaning of ‘my kind’ is electronic fluctuation. I did not realize that there was an advanced artificial intelligence inside, much less a spirit. I suddenly noticed an additional electronic fluctuation on your body for a moment. I searched along the way and found it,” Ah Huang said.

“So you notice an electronic fluctuation? And not because of the electronic fluctuations that led you to it?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s right. I discovered an electronic fluctuation. I slowly searched for it and found that your emergency water bag was a little abnormal,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui was speechless. Ever since Ah Huang received the red light from the red jade slip, it had become more and more abnormal. He felt like it was about to become a spirit.

Xu Tui would even believe that a pig had become a spirit. However, how could Xu Tui believe that an advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer had become a spirit? It was the red jade slip.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui felt that the seventh red jade slip in his head was definitely the key. Many problems would be solved if he understood this. However, Xu Tui had tried many methods in the past three days. There was no movement from this red jade slip in his head.

“Ah Huang, could you do a comprehensive data analysis on what is the electronic fluctuation on the self-lock of my emergency water bag?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sure, but if you can attach me to this self-lock or use bioelectricity to connect me to it, the answer I obtain should be more accurate,” Ah Huang said.

“Use bioelectricity to connect you? When did you have such an ability?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“I don’t know. Anyway, I think I can. There are records of this feeling in my database. It’s something that happened after the radiation of the red jade slip,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui was tongue-tied. He was speechless. Could he f*cking say more?

Not only was there a red jade slip that had entered his head, but there was also a super quantum computer chip that had mind consciousness, feelings, and could be connected to electronic products with bioelectricity.

This was even more ridiculous than the appearance of demons and ghosts.

“According to the bioelectric connection analysis, your emergency water bag seems to be an extremely rare low-frequency short-particle signal transmitter. The source of its energy is most likely your body temperature.

“According to the information I had, this kind of low-frequency short-particle signal transmitter required a special set of equipment to capture short-particle signals. Moreover, there was a distance limit. The radius of the signal receiver is not more than a thousand kilometers,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. Ah Huang’s bioelectric analysis was really good! Was the current Ah Huang still the Ah Huang that Xu Tui knew? He had obtained some information from Ah Huang, but it caused him to think more and worry.

“Send out a short-particle signal every ten seconds? Position transmitter? Someone wants to use this to locate me?” Xu Tui analyzed.

“That should be the case.”

“Locate me?” Xu Tui, who was standing on the internal path of the Phobos’ base, raised his head and looked at the pitch-black outer space and the occasional dazzling light. He suddenly realized something. “It doesn’t seem to be useful to locate me on Phobos, right?”

Then where did this extremely high-level device that was disguised as an self-lock of the emergency water bag, which even his mental perception could not detect, want to locate him?

A bright light flashed past Xu Tui’s mind. The Moon! Both the Phobos and the Moon bases were in a peaceful mode. It was useless to locate him. If one wanted to find Xu Tui, they could do so with a phone call.

The only thing that needed locating was when he passed through the quantum portal of Phobos and returned to the moon. They needed to locate the moment he landed at any point on the moon.

Why did they have to locate Xu Tui? Of course, someone wanted to deal with Xu Tui.

Who wanted to deal with Xu Tui? That was hard to say.

Just the fact that the other party could tamper with the standard combat uniform that Xu Tui had brought back was not something an ordinary student could do.

An organization! There must be an organization behind them! The American Sector?

Xu Tui had previously assassinated Akkin in the crater. Ever since the actual combat on Mars ended, the American Sector had been arguing with the Huaxia Sector. Of course, just as Li Zhen had said, it was a verbal battle.

Would the American Sector use such a sophisticated plan to deal with Xu Tui for Akkin? Xu Tui felt that Akkin was not worth that price. However, what if it was because of something else? For example, because of Xu Tui’s research results? Was that a possibility?

This discovery made Xu Tui’s head hurt. At the same time, several paths were laid out in front of Xu Tui. The most convenient way was to report this matter to the Huaxia Sector. The Huaxia Sector would definitely take it extremely seriously.

They would conduct a thorough investigation, but it was hard to say how far they could investigate. If there was really an organization or even an alliance behind them, the clues would definitely be cut off when they investigated to a certain extent.

What if he did not report it? What would he encounter after returning to the moon through the quantum portal? An ambush? In any case, it was definitely not the sound of gongs and firecrackers!

There was no such thing as guarding against thieves for a thousand days. If he did not solve this problem, he would become paranoid in the future.

In an instant, several ways to deal with the situation flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. If he dealt with the organization well, he could use this matter to scam them. For example, it shouldn’t be a problem to contact Zhu Lang and get the Moon’s Huaxia Sector’s general base to send a few Genetic Transmutation Realm experts to receive him, right?

At that time, he should be able to scam the organization behind the scenes. It was even possible to capture them alive.

Xu Tui turned a corner when he was heading toward Koopman’s office. He first went to look for Zhu Lang. He did not dare to look for Li Zhen. Li Zhen was too cunning.

“Brother Zhu, I have something to ask you.”

“What is it?”

“I feel that there have been a lot of people paying attention to me recently. I’m a little afraid. When I return to the moon base, can you contact them and arrange for a few Genetic Transmutation Realm experts to come and fetch me?” Xu Tui asked.

“Fetch you? Did you discover something?” Zhu Lang was puzzled.

“No, I just feel that the outside world has been paying a lot of attention to me recently. I’m a little worried. After all, the results of the research have been announced,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, it shouldn’t be a problem. I’ll report it now. It’s two in the afternoon, right? There’s no problem with the Huaxia Sector approving it. However, during your return, Genetic Transmutation Realm experts have to report to the Genetic Committee when they leave the moon base and enter the wilderness,” Zhu Lang said.

These words made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. “Can you not report it?”

“I’m afraid not during the return of the elite students!” Zhu Lang said.

“Then can they fetch me secretly?” Xu Tui asked, unwilling to give up. If he reported it to the Genetic Committee, he would not be able to scam anyone.

“This…” Zhu Lang revealed a troubled expression. “If it was to fetch you secretly, it might be approved, but it will take a long time to prepare. It was probably too late now. Unless you postpone your return.”

“I see. Forget it. I’ll get going first.” Xu Tui was a little disappointed, but that was all he could do for the time being. Even if he had any ideas, he needed to perfect them.

Zhu Lang became a little anxious when he saw that Xu Tui was about to leave. “Xu Tui, do you need help or not? If you do, I should be able to arrange it. Did something happen?” Zhu Lang asked anxiously.

“No. I’m just a little worried. There’s no need to fetch me.” Xu Tui waved at Zhu Lang after he finished speaking. “Brother Zhu, I’ll contact you if anything happens.”

Xu Tui headed straight for Koopman’s office after he left Zhu Lang’s office. It was extremely necessary to meet with Koopman before making a final decision, whether it was for Painted Skin or the current situation. After all, Koopman was the chief of intelligence staff of the Phobos’ Combat Command.