Chapter 648 - 648 The Teachers’ Gift (1)

648 The Teachers’ Gift (1)

It was very easy for Xu Tui to discover that the wisp of Origin Energy that did not listen to him had finally flowed toward the red jade slip.

Tsk! Wasn’t it a thief when it had taken a strand of Xu Tui’s Origin Energy without greeting him? Most importantly, the thief still lived in Xu Tui’s mind. This score was not easy to settle.

However, this was good news. This red jade slip was absorbing energy, which meant that it also had a need. No matter how demonic it was, it still had an energy requirement. This was much better than when it was motionless in Xu Tui’s mind.

Xu Tui continued to absorb the Origin Energy while the main genetic base point of the Vajra Shield continued to mutate. He began to experiment with the red jade slip that was absorbing energy. He injected his mind power.

Consciousness communication. His mind power vibrated.

…

The red jade slip completely ignored Xu Tui. It did not do anything to Xu Tui’s various stimuli. It was even more wooden than wood.

Therefore, Xu Tui activated his ultimate move.

Cut off the energy!

Since it was absorbing energy, it meant that it needed energy. He wanted to see if there was any reaction after he cut off the source. But he was slapped in the face.

It could not be cut off!

Whether Xu Tui’s mind power turned into a saber or a sword, he could not stop that wisp of Origin Energy. As long as the energy entered the body, a fixed amount of energy would be absorbed by the red jade slip.

Tsk! Xu Tui’s face hurt. Then, he endured until his Vajra Shield’s main genetic base point mutation was completed. He immediately gave a slap back. He immediately stopped absorbing energy. If he did not absorb it, what was the point of splitting it?

Xu Tui had indeed succeeded in the reverse slap. If he stopped absorbing the energy in the Origin Crystal, the red jade slip would indeed not be able to absorb the energy.

However, as long as Xu Tui started to absorb energy, no matter how much his mind power intervened, he would not be able to stop the red jade slip from absorbing energy.

Xu Tui was very frustrated. He felt like he had been slapped in the face again. He thought about it and changed his train of thought. Since you lack energy, right? I’ll feed you. I’ll use my energy to feed you and see if there are any changes.

Xu Tui immediately held an Origin Crystal in each hand and absorbed it with all his might.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had obtained a lot of Origin Crystals in the actual combat on Mars. It was another huge gain. In the end, the number of Origin Crystals they obtained was 1,370 grams. Yan Lie got 530 grams, while Xu Tui got 840 grams.@@novelbin@@

According to the distribution principle of the two of them, the number of Origin Crystals had to be equally divided. However, Xu Tui was in the innermost circle when he was in the second combat area. Yan Lie was in the second circle, so his gains were different.

Coupled with the difference in the number of Origin Crystals they obtained in the last battle, the number they obtained was different. In reality, the Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had obtained from the Mars battle this time were a huge profit that few people paid attention to. It was the same for Yan Lie.

Compared to the public contribution points, this was a silent way to make a fortune. In the extra-terrestrial, the value of a gram of Origin Crystal was equivalent to 1,000 contribution points. 840 grams was equivalent to 840,000 contribution points.

On the other hand, Xu Tui’s contribution points had only publicly blinded the students by 180,000.

Currently, only Yan Lie knew about the 840 grams of Origin Crystals. Of course, others could guess that Xu Tui had gained a lot of Origin Crystals this time, but they would never have expected him to gain so much.

Among the students, Xu Tui was truly rich in terms of the number of Origin Crystals. However, Xu Tui’s heart ached an hour later. In an hour, he had absorbed 12 grams of Origin Crystal’s energy. He injected all the energy in the 12-gram Origin Crystals into the red jade slip in his head.

Speaking of which, this thing was also cheap. Xu Tui could not cut off the wisp of energy that it had absorbed. However, it accepted all of the energy that he had absorbed. This was also a fraud.

However, Xu Tui injected 12 grams of Origin Crystal’s energy into the red jade slip, but there was no movement at all. Even the flickering red light could increase Xu Tui’s confidence. It gave him a reason to persevere.

However, there was still no movement. It did not respond to Xu Tui’s injection or communication of mind power. It was like a bottomless pit! An endless bottomless pit!

Therefore, Xu Tui, whose heart ached, decisively stopped giving it energy. He decided to use these precious Origin Crystals to cultivate and improve himself. If he could not fill this huge pit with 100 to 200 grams or even more Origin Crystals, he would really vomit blood.

Most importantly, up until now, other than the red color that had triggered the genetic fluctuations, he did not know what use this thing had.

He would let nature take its course.

Since it was going to split, in the future, when Xu Tui used Origin Crystals to cultivate, he would let it split. He would see how long it would take for there to be any changes.

At this moment, Xu Tui finally had the time to look at the changes to his Vajra Shield. The mutation of the Vajra Shield genetic ability chain had been completed.

Xu Tui could not understand the pattern of the main genetic base point. It was a concave shield-shaped object. It looked a little like a round shield that had been flipped over. The inner recess of a normal round shield was the part that was held inward. The dent in the Vajra Shield faced outwards.

Xu Tui had a thought. He tried to use his energy field to condense a Vajra Shield. He immediately understood the situation.

“Why did it take so long this time? Did something happen?” Xu Tui immediately saw the waiting instructor, Lu Kang.

“Instructor, can you try my move for me?”

“Okay!

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui completely understood the abilities of the mutated Vajra Shield.