Chapter 641 - 641 Seeing The Chip Again (3)

641 Seeing the Chip Again (3)

Xu Tui was so angry that he almost had a heart attack. Damn it, this was the joke of a high-level artificial intelligence version of you losing your wife to someone else!

Ah Huang instantly made a decision for Xu Tui. Xu Tui placed the electrostatic field shield on the bomb and wrapped it. “Ah Huang, use the electronic channel of this sky aircraft to send a message to Zhu Lang. Then, change the flight navigation of this sky aircraft.” Then, he carried the hypnotized Liu Dajiang as he jumped down from the sky.

Since it was for safety, he had to be thorough. He has to completely get away from the problematic sky aircraft. Xu Tui, who had jumped down from the sky, was carrying a person. However, it did not prevent Xu Tui from materializing his mind power.

Xu Tui quickly landed on the ground step by step. The moment he landed on the ground, he had already begun to perform the strongest spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation on Liu Dajiang. At the same time, he entered a certain level of spiritual concealment. He asked Liu Dajiang about his possible identity from another angle. “Review your mission again!”

“Mission: Send Xu Tui to the designated location. If anything happens, activate self-destruction immediately.”

This answer made Xu Tui break out in a cold sweat. Damn it, they’re really going to kill him after failing to capture him alive!

“When did you receive the mission?” Xu Tui did not dare to ask the mastermind or the contact. These people must have undergone relevant confidentiality training. He would not get an answer if he asked directly.

Xu Tui was beating around the bush and asking insensitive questions. Then, relevant information would surge into Liu Dajiang’s subconscious.

Xu Tui, who had already activated the ability of spiritual radiation, could observe the scene in Liu Dajiang’s subconscious from the perspective of a bystander and obtain information. This was also the most advanced interrogation technique. However, not many people could use it. This was especially so for those who completed it alone.

The moment Xu Tui left the sky aircraft, in a certain hollow base in the meteorite, the two signals on the monitor suddenly separated. The guards were shocked and reported immediately. “Sir, the surveillance discovered that Moon Shadow Number 39 has left the sky aircraft and is getting further and further away from the bomb. Something has happened.”

A man in sunglasses appeared on the communication screen. “How long, what is the distance?”

“Five seconds ago, it was getting further and further away!”

“Activate the self-destruction program!”

“Sir, do we activate the self-destruction program for both the Moon Shadow and the sky aircraft?”

“Self-destruct all immediately! Idiots!” The man in sunglasses cursed unhappily.

“The self-destruction program has been activated! Moon Shadow Number 39 has successfully self-destructed. The sky aircraft has failed to self-destruct. Suspected that the signal has been blocked. Attempting again.

“Attempt failed.

“Sir, the self-destruction signal on the sky aircraft seems to have been blocked,” the attendant quickly reported to the man in sunglasses.

“It’s blocked? Are you sure that Moon Shadow Number 39 self-destructed?”

“The chip has been activated.”

“Alright, that’s good. Next, enter silent mode and wait for me to wake you up!”

“Understood!”@@novelbin@@

“It’s a pity that it failed.” As he sighed in pity, he cut off the connection here. The man in sunglasses urgently issued several orders, all of which were orders to clean up the relevant traces in depth again. At the same time, several subsequent plans began to be activated.

Although these traces had been cleaned up before the mission started, he had to be extremely careful. This was their way of survival!

At the same time, Xu Tui, who had just used his spiritual radiation to see an image in Liu Dajiang’s head, was about to see it clearly.

Bang! Liu Dajiang’s head exploded like a watermelon. All kinds of liquid splattered all over Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly became extremely dark. A fifth-generation sorcerer brainwave radiation chip! It’s this thing again!