Chapter 647 - 647 The Origin Energy That Didn’T Listen

647 The Origin Energy That Didn’t Listen

In fact, it did not take five days to use five bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. Moreover, with only one or two bottles, he had to be extremely careful every time he chose.

It was just like how you only had one chance to marry a wife or find a husband. You would gather the genetic information of the other party, such as height, figure, education, income, personality, family, and hobbies, to make an extremely comprehensive comparison and selection!

However, Xu Tui had five chances now. Moreover, it was not just five times. Xu Tui still had a chance to exchange his contribution points. Therefore, he might have five to six chances to get married. He might even have seven to eight chances.

This was just a metaphor.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could easily choose which ability to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on.

Those with good figures, those who knew how to cook, those who knew how to massage, those who knew how to wash clothes, and those who knew how to warm beds. He could have one of each. If he realized that he was lacking in a certain direction, he would get one or two more.

Therefore, Xu Tui used up five bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir in two and a half days. It made the instructor Lu Kang, who was accompanying him, become a little neurotic.

Back then, he had discussed with his teacher for three days before finally deciding how to use the bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

Xu Tui spent the entire afternoon and morning. Instructor Lu Kang could not tell what Xu Tui had gained. He was not particularly excited or depressed. This was normal. After all, this was not the first time Xu Tui had been injected. He had already injected two bottles previously.

Xu Tui would definitely gain something. He thought about the five bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir and made arrangements. The only conflicted genetic ability chain was the mental chain.

Should he try to strengthen and mutate it?

Previously, when Xu Tui’s combat radius was only dozens or 100 meters, this mental chain was very powerful. It could increase the distance of Xu Tui’s flying sword by several times. But now, his combat distance had already exceeded 1,000 meters. The ability of the mental chain suddenly became a little useless.

Xu Tui had been considering whether it would be a waste to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on it.

Therefore, he used the first four bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on the four genetic ability chains: the Water Puppet, the Vajra Barrier, Spiritual Resonance, and Reaction Speed.

He had used four bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir in a row. It could be said that he was unlucky, but it could also be said that it was a matter of probability.

After all, after the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, one’s ability would be strengthened by 100%. But the mutation rate was only 20%.

He had used two bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir previously. He was extremely lucky and his mental whip mutated. Although his mental perception did not mutate successfully, it first fused, then he got the penetrating perception. It was similar to a mutation.

But with these four bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, his abilities had only mutated once.

What mutated was the Spiritual Resonance ability.

Xu Tui had already strengthened the genetic ability chain of spiritual resonance to Level 2 silver. Therefore, after being administered with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, the enhancement to its ability was not huge.

However, the main genetic base point of spiritual resonance had a pattern. Having a pattern meant that the ability had mutated.

At first glance, the pattern of the main genetic base point of spiritual resonance looked like a rippling wave. On second look, it looked like the electric waves transmitted by the conduction layer. This was especially so for the direction of the ripples. They seemed to be able to travel both inside and out.

This gave Xu Tui some guesses. However, he had to find the right person if he wanted to test an ability like spiritual resonance.

Xu Tui felt that Miss An Xiaoxue was the best choice. He immediately excluded rough men like Lu Kang and Yan Lie. Do I have nothing better to do than resonate with a man like you?

Other than spiritual resonance, the other three abilities did not mutate. But just because there were no mutations did not mean that his abilities had not been strengthened. Otherwise, the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir would not have become one of the most valuable elixirs in the extra-terrestrial.

Especially those quasi-planetary-level or even planetary-level powerhouses, they would definitely exchange a few bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir for their descendants.

The first thing Xu Tui strengthened was the Water Puppet ability.

The Water Puppet ability was not used often, but it could give Xu Tui support at the critical moment every time. It was resistant to beatings, was resistant to hammers, and had extremely strong binding power. It was extremely convenient to use. Even if there was no water, it would probably work if he used his spit.

Unfortunately, there were no mutations. Its power had increased slightly.

Xu Tui was at a slight disadvantage in this aspect. After all, almost 99% of the Genetic Mutation Realm cultivators had a Level 1 genetic ability chain. They did not even have a Level 2 genetic base point.

But not only were Xu Tui’s genetic base points all Level 2, but even his genetic ability chains were all Level 2.

If it were an ordinary student, they would definitely be able to strengthen three to four genetic base points to Level 2 by injecting a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. Their abilities would be greatly enhanced.

However, Xu Tui’s improvement was very limited.

In the previous tests, the energy requirement for a level-two genetic base point to level-three genetic base point was about 15 to 20 times that of a level-one genetic base point to level-two. Under such circumstances, the increase was limited. Of course, it was also a form of accumulation.

Xu Tui conjured a water puppet on the spot and asked Instructor Lu Kang to help him test it. He did not discover much improvement.

It took Instructor Lu Kang two punches to shatter Xu Tui’s water puppet.

The Vajra Barrier was the same as the water puppet. It did not mutate and was slightly strengthened. It was the same for his reaction speed. There were no mutations. Although his genetic base points had also been strengthened, the increase in his abilities was negligible.

Compared to strengthening the entire genetic ability chain to Level 2, the improvement of the abilities with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir this time was too small.

After all, on the Mars battlefield, when the origin energy entered his body, it was like a flood. Without the mutation, the increase was naturally very small.

Xu Tui had considered which genetic ability chain to use the fifth bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on.

His previous thought was that since the ability of spiritual resonance had mutated, would the probability of other genetic ability chains of the School of Radiation Influence mutating after using the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir be higher?

Other than the probability of the genetic ability chain mutating, there were many other factors that affected it.

For example, the genes in a person’s body, the recessive genes or the silent genes. The mutation might be because some recessive genes or silent genes had been reactivated. However, the recessive or silent genes that each person carried were different.

Moreover, according to the bold deduction of some professors, certain genes might naturally have more possibilities of mutation. Therefore, Xu Tui considered a problem when he used the fifth bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir: probability and requirements.

Probability. It was to continue choosing the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence.

Requirements would be the need to survive.

What was most important to Xu Tui after the actual combat on Mars? Defense ability! Not only did he have to be able to beat someone up, but he also had to be able to take a beating. For example, geniuses like the Golden eagle, Huo Li, and Bu Luo, who had been killed by Xu Tui, could not take a beating.

Xu Tui wanted to improve his ability to be beaten up. Unfortunately, the Vajra Barrier mutation failed. In the end, the probability still lost to his desire to live. As long as he survived, Xu Tui would have plenty of opportunities to earn contribution points and obtain the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

According to the basic requirements, Xu Tui still had three years in school. He could participate in Mars actual combat once a year.

If one participated in the actual combat on Mars as a student, they would be able to participate in the rankings of the Overall Individual Combat Merits List and the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings.

He should have no problems getting at least two or even three bottles every year.

Three years was nine bottles!

Therefore, Xu Tui chose to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field—the Vajra Shield.

Since he failed to strengthen the Vajra Barrier, he would try to strengthen the Vajra Shield. If the strengthening of the Vajra Shield also failed, Xu Tui could only strengthen his personal defense ability from other directions.

Xu Tui injected the fifth bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir while he was looking forward to it. Then, he switched to illusory introspection and observed carefully. Just like before, after the targeted activation, the power of the elixir was completely concentrated on the Vajra Shield genetic ability chain.

The 21 genetic base points of the Vajra Shield Genetic Ability Chain began to slowly expand at the same time.

Although the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was only suitable for genetic ability chains below 20 genetic base points,

Xu Tui had used Ah Huang to check on the research materials of countless professors and experts over the past few days. He had already confirmed that the number of 20 genetic base points was to strengthen the effect.

If he chose to strengthen too many genetic base points on the genetic ability chain, the power of the elixir would be dispersed, causing the strengthening effect to be greatly weakened.

Currently, Xu Tui’s genetic ability chains have already been strengthened to Level 2 Silver. The strengthening effect was not important. What was important was whether it could mutate. The number of genetic base points did not affect the mutation.

Currently, the experts had already verified that the factor that affected the mutation was the secondary genetic ability chain. If there was a secondary genetic ability chain in a genetic ability chain, the probability of mutation would be greatly reduced.

For example, Xu Tui’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain contained many secondary genetic ability chains. The probability of mutation was very low. However, the Vajra Shield was not affected.

The power of the elixir continued to gather. The main genetic base points of the Vajra Shield were pulsating vigorously.

Suddenly, a hint of joy appeared on Xu Tui’s lips. A faint pattern appeared on the main genetic base point of the Vajra Shield. This was a sign that it was about to successfully mutate!

All the patterns that appeared on the main genetic base points had successfully mutated. The pattern of the main genetic base point of the Vajra Shield slowly became clearer. It was a slightly curved pattern. However, because it had yet to successfully mutate, he could not see it clearly.

Xu Tui looked forward to it. He looked forward to the moment when the mutation succeeded. He was really looking forward to the Vajra Shield’s mutated ability. Suddenly, the rhythm of the main genetic base points of the Vajra Shield slowed down and became powerless.

Xu Tui was stunned. He was very clear about the changes to his genetic base points under the illusory introspection. It was a little like it was powerless! The pattern on the main genetic base point of the Vajra Shield, which had already mutated into a prototype, suddenly felt like it was dissipating.

Xu Tui was shocked, but he did not panic. The information that Ah Huang had gathered for him on the Internet was still there! Some experts had once discovered that under certain circumstances, a large amount of energy replenishment might increase the success rate of mutation.

Xu Tui felt that the current situation was a little similar. Without hesitation, he drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. Then, he took out a gram of Origin Crystal and began to absorb and refine it.

Others could also directly absorb the energy in the Origin Crystal to cultivate, but they needed to cultivate before they could increase their corresponding abilities.

However, Xu Tui could use the Mind Concentration Technique to accurately send the absorbed energy into the main genetic base point and genetic ability chain of the Vajra Shield.@@novelbin@@

Almost at the same time that the Origin Energy was delivered, the pattern of the Vajra Shield’s main genetic base point that was beginning to turn illusory began to become clearer again.

At the same time, a surprised expression appeared on Xu Tui’s face. The energy that he directed toward the Vajra Shield actually split. There was actually a trace of Origin Energy that did not listen to him?