Chapter 645 - 645 Special Reward (1)

645 Special Reward (1)

“Eh, Xu Tui, you’ve obtained so many medals and the qualifications to enter the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. Why do you not look too happy?” The commendation ceremony ended. Yan Lie, who was both a comrade and a teammate, had an excited expression.

Yan Lie’s contribution points in this year’s Mars battle were also record high. It reached more than 26,000. He was ranked tenth on the Overall Individual Combat Merits List. He obtained a bronze medal of the Blue Star Guardian.

At the same time, although Yan Lie also formed a team alone, because his individual contribution points were very high, he managed to enter the top 100 of the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings alone. The rewards were not small.

On the way back to the dormitory with Xu Tui, he wiped his bronze medal of the Blue Star Guardian. He almost drooled when he saw the four silver and bronze medals on Xu Tui’s chest.

!!

“When can I get a silver medal?” Yan Lie sighed.

“If you want one, I’ll give you one. We’ll have the same silver.” Xu Tui casually took off a Blue Star Silver Medal of Wisdom and Courage and threw it to Yan Lie.

Yan Lie caught it and touched it enviously for a while. Then, he handed it back to Xu Tui. “Sigh, it’s a pity that we don’t have direct blood relations. It can’t be done if we’re not of direct blood relations Otherwise, I could be your sworn brother for this silver medal.” Yan Lie sighed.

Xu Tui was stunned. “What do you mean?”

“You don’t know?” Yan Lie was stunned.

“Know what?”

“This medal can be passed down through the family. It’s a family heirloom. Do you understand? Whether it’s a silver medal or a bronze medal, they can be registered and given to your immediate family members so that your immediate family members can enjoy an individual level of rights enhancement. It’s officially recognized. Do you understand?

“Think about it. If I had a silver medal, I could register it and transfer it to my son. The holder of a silver medal could enjoy low-grade Level E rights at the very beginning. If they were to advance by two levels, they would have high-grade Level E rights. In other words, after my son is born, he will be able to enjoy high-grade Level E rights.

“At that time, forget about the medical fees, even the money for the powdered milk could be subsidized by the Genetic Committee. If I had a silver medal, not only would my son not have to spend a single cent before he turned 18, but he would also be able to earn benefits to subsidize my family’s expenses. That way, we can really save a lot of money!” Yan Lie pointed at himself and calculated.

“Even if you have a silver medal, you have to have a son first,” Xu Tui said.

“I’ll definitely have a son.”

“What if you have a daughter?”

“I will definitely have a son!” Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui with extreme determination.

“I remember that you don’t even have a girlfriend, right? Are you going to have a child with yourself?” Xu Tui suddenly stood still and teased Yan Lie.

Yan Lie was stunned. “Girlfriend? When I go back this time, I’ll be tall, rich, and handsome. I’ll definitely have a girlfriend!”

“Yes, be careful not to become a man who takes care of others’ children!”@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie: “…”

“Be especially careful. Don’t give the silver medal you risked your life to someone else’s son!”

“Ah, Xu Tui, you ruined my vision of beautiful love. I’m going to kill you!” Yan Lie froze for a moment before he reacted. He bared his fangs and brandished his claws as he chased after Xu Tui to beat him up.

After fooling around for a while, Xu Tui’s dull mood strangely became more cheerful. Since so many masterminds had destroyed his simple life, he would counterattack. Whoever had the black hand would be destroyed!

Including the mastermind who killed Mr. Luo Shifeng, Li Jin.

This time, he had to deal with them too. In the past, Xu Tui did not have the ability. He did not even have the right to approach them, let alone hurt them. But Xu Tui now felt that he had a certain level of ability. He desperately wanted to return to the Blue Star.

But he still had to obtain the rewards and cultivation resources before he returned to the Blue Star. Improvement was very important.

After the commendation ceremony, the students had to go to the corresponding departments to deal with the ranking rewards themselves. In particular, the rewards for the top ten of the Overall Individual Combat Merits List were selective.

When he came to receive the reward with Yan Lie, the difference appeared. Yan Lie was received by an ordinary staff member. Xu Tui waited for a while before Lu Kang, the previous instructor of the Huaxia Sector, arrived.

“Do you have a bad relationship with your teacher, An Xiaoxue?” This was the first thing Lu Kang said when he met him.

“No, I have a very good relationship with my teacher.” This question made Xu Tui a little angry.

“Then why didn’t she tell you that you can’t use your mental perception to sense the quantum portal?” Lu Kang asked.

Xu Tui: “…”

There was no way to explain this. It was mainly because Xu Tui had taken the initiative.

“Principal Cai said that you Genetic Miracles have always been undisciplined. Many times, you will have problems with common sense that everyone knows. Therefore, Principal Cai asked me to pay attention to you, especially when you choose your cultivation resources next. Of course, it’s just a suggestion,” Lu Kang said.

This was the second time Xu Tui had heard Cai Shaochu’s name. It was also the second time that Cai Shaochu, a Planetary realm powerhouse, paid attention to Xu Tui. With Instructor Lu Kang’s personal guidance, Xu Tui received his rewards very quickly. Especially the rewards for the freshman rankings.

The reward for being first on the freshmen Combat Merits List was better than the Blue Star Prodigy List. The top three students all had a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

This was also Xu Tui’s main goal. However, as for first place, other than the bronze medal and one bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Mutation Elixir, there were also three bottles of Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir.