Chapter 643 - 643 The Last Red Line And The Sinner

643 The Last Red Line and the Sinner

In the virtual projection conference room of the Moon base. An impromptu meeting initiated by the Mars battlefield commander, Chedamovich, was underway. There were not many people participating, but they were the upper echelons of the Blue Star.

This included the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector’s extraterrestrial affairs, Wei Bin, the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, and the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, Nilab.

The principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu, and the chief instructor of the 2138th elite student training, Black Tower, were there, too. The instructors of the other sectors attended the meeting.

This impromptu meeting was a little rushed.

Cai Shaochu and Chief Instructor Black Tower, who were busy, were especially anxious. This was because two hours later, it would be this year’s Mars Combat Commendation Ceremony. What was worse was that the Phobos’ Combat Command had yet to submit the final ranking.

“This emergency meeting was held because of a special situation that might trigger some unnecessary problems. Therefore, I want to explain this emergency meeting to everyone present.” The commander of the Mars battlefield, Chedamovich, spoke as the convener.

“The main reason is that the first place on the Individual Combat Merits List of Mars this year, as well as the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings, including the 2138th batch of freshmen’s Individual Combat Merits List and the 2138th batch of freshmen’s Prodigy Combat Team Rankings, has been taken by the same student,” Chedamovich said.

As soon as he said that, Chief Instructor Black Tower frowned. “Even the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings other than the freshmen have been occupied by Xu Tui?”

In the data that had been released previously, Xu Tui had monopolized the 2138 Mars Individual Combat Merits List, the 2138 Year One Individual Combat Merits List, and the 2138 Year One Prodigy Combat Team Rankings.

This data shocked the instructors. It was normal for a person to cover two of the freshmen’s rankings. There was a precedent.

Li Zhouchen had done the same thing back then. However, it was extremely rare for a freshman to round up the rankings of the freshmen and the overall rankings of individual battle merits other than the freshmen’s rankings.

This had never happened in the current combat records of Mars. It could be said to be unprecedented. Not to mention that he had obtained first in the Overall Rankings of Prodigy Combat Team.

“That’s right!” The commander of the Mars battlefield, Chedamovich, nodded. Otherwise, this was not the main reason why he had called a last-minute meeting. “That’s not all. According to the calculations of the super quantum computer in the Phobos’ Combat Command and the manual calculations of the 12 staff officers of the Phobos’ Combat Command, they calculated that Xu Tui’s final battle merits in this battle were a little shocking.

“If it was announced, it might cause the students to be extremely puzzled. However, the basis for the calculation of these contribution points could not be announced completely because of confidentiality. If we could not announce the basis of his contribution points, it would probably cause some problems.

“That’s why I had this temporary meeting to seek everyone’s opinion. Should we change it?” Chedamovich asked.

The heads of the various sectors did not speak, but the instructors of the various sectors had no right to speak. Only the chief instructor, Black Tower, asked again.

“How many contribution points does Xu Tui have?” Black Tower asked.

Chedamovich projected a name. It belonged to the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong. He was also currently ranked second on the Mars Individual Battle Merits Rankings in 2138.@@novelbin@@

Zhao Hailong’s contribution points were 35,767.

“This is the number of contribution points for the second place. It has already reached a new high in the past years. Xu Tui’s final contribution points is assessed to be more than five times that of the second place,” Chedamovich said.

“What?” Chief Instructor Black Tower was really shocked!

The instructors of the various sectors were dumbfounded. Even the people in charge of the various sectors sat up straight in shock.

More than five times this number of contribution points? It f*cking exceeded 180,000! He could directly advance to Level C rights!

But he was a freshman. Many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts did not have Level C rights.

“Why are there so many?” Black Tower was puzzled.

Chedamovich spread out his hands. “First of all, Xu Tui was the one who invented the cultivation method for the Blue Star Humans to absorb energy. According to the multiple rounds of assessment by the expert teams of the various sectors, the overall value and influence of this invention alone was worth 100,000 contribution points! Moreover, that was an understatement.

“However, Xu Tui was the one who entrusted the Huaxia Sector with the cultivation method of absorbing energy. Therefore, the Huaxia Sector would pay the 100,000 contribution points. Still, it had to be included in Xu Tui’s total contribution points.

“Xu Tui had invented this invention during actual combat on Mars. Other than that, Xu Tui had a central role in commanding the attack during the counterattack in the second energy overflow combat circle, according to the multiple reviews by the staff of the Phobos Army.

“At the same time, Xu Tui had an irreplaceable role in fighting the Spiritual Race. The India Sector in the first energy overflow combat circle could indirectly stand for the combat strength of the Spiritual Race’s Yanzi and her guards.

“Under Yanzi’s charge, the 6,000-odd combatants of the India Sector and the American Sector suffered heavy losses. They were completely defeated.”

At the side, the face of Nilab, the director of the India Genetic Committee, instantly darkened. It had been a few days, but he had not gotten over the failure. However, he was pulled out and whipped again! He was whipped in public! One could imagine how he felt.

The instructor of the India Sector instantly withered.

“After many rounds of evaluation and review, we finally determined that Xu Tui’s total contribution points for this year’s Mars battle are 83,420 points. Coupled with the 100,000 contribution points awarded for the invention, there were a total of 183,420 points. Among them, the contribution points that Xu Tui obtained from dealing with the Spiritual Race’s Yanzi and the five Spiritual Race’s guards are confidential.”

After a pause, Chedamovich said helplessly, “To be honest, if I had not personally participated and conducted at least three rounds of review discussions, I can’t believe that a student could obtain as much as 180,000 individual contribution points in actual combat on Mars. This was absolutely impossible in the past!

“This was 6.2 times higher than the highest battle record on Mars. It was more than five times that of the second place this year. In the past, the highest contribution points of the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings were only 90,000.

“The current first place on the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings was the team of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen. Their total contribution points were more than 89,000. Xu Tui’s contribution points alone had crushed the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings. If this result is announced, I’m afraid it will cause a huge controversy.”

Chedamovich knocked on the table gently. “Alright, I’ve reported the details to you. What happens next will depend on your decisions. Of course, no matter what, the students’ problems will be handed over to you to solve.”

Everyone knew that the impromptu meeting was actually an act of shirking responsibility by the commander of the Mars battlefield, Chedamovich. He pushed the problem to various sectors. After all, this matter was very sensitive.

Battle merits might be the last high-pressure red line that no one could touch on the Blue Star Genetic Committee. If this high-pressure red line was gone, who would risk their lives for the Blue Star in the future?

“If, I mean if, we changed Xu Tui’s individual contribution points because of some concerns. Did that mean that with this precedent, there would be a chance of changing a student’s contribution points next time? In the future, contribution points might become a bargaining chip that everyone could modify at will!

“Commander Chedamovich, if the Blue Star was occupied or if the Blue Star humans were destroyed in the future, you will be the number one sinner! The number one sinner who caused the destruction of the Blue Star!” As he spoke, Cai Shaochu stood up. “I object! I object to any changes to the number of contribution points! This is our last red line and bottom line!” Cai Shaochu’s voice was as firm as a sword!

The commander of the Mars battlefield, Chedamovich, instantly defended himself in panic. “I didn’t! I’m just reporting! I have no intention of touching this red line of contribution points.”

“No?” Cai Shaochu sneered. “Then why did you call an emergency meeting? What you mean is that you want to change and touch it!”

“No, I really didn’t!” Chedamovich quickly defended himself. He did not expect Cai Shaochu to be so unyielding as to call him a sinner! He was a little flustered.

“If you don’t have such thoughts, why did you call an emergency meeting? Since Xu Tui’s contribution points had been calculated based on the multiple reviews by the staff of the Phobos Combat Command, the expert team, and the super quantum computer, it met the procedures and rules.

“Just announce it! What was there to discuss? Moreover, there were candidates from all sectors in the general staff and expert team of Phobos. Who could have any doubts? Then tell me, if this last red line is destroyed, who, if not you, Chedamovich, is a sinner?”

On the other side, in the Phobos’ base, Chedamovich, who was participating in the virtual projection meeting, was covered in cold sweat. A soft sigh came from a huge office in the Moon base.

This attempt had failed!

—-

In front of the plaza of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College in the Moon base, nearly 30,000 students who had returned from the Mars battlefield looked up. They looked at the huge display in front of the square.

In a few minutes, the Mars combat rankings this year would be revealed. It was said that there was no doubt about the first place of the freshmen’s Individual Combat Merits List and the first place of the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings.

However, the Overall Individual Combat Merits List and the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings this year were still controversial.

Currently, the Huaxia Tiger of the Huaxia Sector, Zhao Hailong, was ranked first on the Overall Individual Combat Merits List. The Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, was only ranked fourth.

The influential figure of the past years, the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen’s team, was currently ranked first on the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings.

Of course, the final results would be based on the official ranking. At this moment, it was almost the last moment of revealing the rankings.

Everyone was looking forward to it. Many people began to calculate the rewards they would receive, and how they could use the reward they were about to receive immediately. This was especially so for the Overall Individual Combat Merits List. The rewards were very enviable.

“The rankings have been released!” Someone shouted.

The huge display screen flickered with light. Names began to freeze on the four rankings. Suddenly, Li Zhouchen, who was looking forward to the rankings, was stunned when he saw his ranking and the name that had suddenly appeared in front of him.

The Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, curled his lips and smiled when he saw the two names that appeared in front of his name.

That was how it should be!