Chapter 640 - 640 Seeing The Chip Again (2)

640 Seeing the Chip Again (2)

“Both. Which one can you do?”

“Both. However, taking over control will take time, and it might trigger its self-destruction program.”

“Then let’s do the simplest and least dangerous. Check the situation of this sky aircraft.” At the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power force field expanded invisibly. His spiritual resonance slowly enveloped the middle-aged pilot.

The pilot of the sky aircraft had not thought of this at all. Furthermore, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance was a Level 2 genetic ability chain.

Advanced Hypnosis! The moment he activated his ability, the middle-aged pilot fell into a hypnotic state.

“Continue piloting the sky aircraft and execute the current mission,” Xu Tui gave his first order.

“Yes.” The hypnotized pilot was very cooperative.

Xu Tui’s methods were also very gentle. As long as there were no problems, he could silently wake this uncle up without him noticing. This was how terrifying the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence were.

“Your name.”

“Liu Dajiang.”

“Your identity.”

“Special Agent Pilot of the Huaxia Sector General Base of the Moon Base.”

“Your mission?”

“Bring Xu Tui to the designated location.”

Xu Tui thought that there was no problem with this answer. However, he immediately reacted. The mission was wrong. Shouldn’t the mission be to bring him back to the Huaxia Sector’s base on the Moon? How did it become sending him to a designated location?

“Where are you bringing Xu Tui to?”

“The location is confidential.”

Damn! Xu Tui was stunned. There was really a problem.

“Who gave you the mission?” Xu Tui asked again.

Suddenly, the pilot’s consciousness fluctuated violently. This question had touched a key point and triggered the pilot’s self-protection program. Or rather, this middle-aged pilot had undergone professional confidentiality training in this aspect.

Did a special agent pilot need such professional training? It was possible! However, this was not normal. If the Huaxia Sector really wanted to arrange a special mission for Xu Tui, they could just bring him back to the Huaxia Sector’s general base. What could they not say behind closed doors? Was there a need to send him to a special location?

“Xu Tui, I entered the interior of this sky aircraft while you were controlling it and conducted a particle scan. I discovered an encrypted particle signal.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“Another locator?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“No, this particle signal is in the sky aircraft. I’ve already found it. It’s a black box. A normal sky aircraft doesn’t have this equipment,” Ah Huang said.

“What would it be?”

“My judgment is—a bomb of some kind!”

A bomb! Xu Tui was shocked. He was really shocked. If the bomb exploded in the sky aircraft, then he would not be able to survive, even if he was an immortal.

“Can we confirm its safety or control it? Is there any possibility of it being detonated remotely?” Xu Tui, who had noticed a bomb sitting under his butt, was really a little flustered. If it really exploded, he would immediately turn to dust! All superpowers were useless!

“I can’t control the particle signal of this equipment. The possibility of it being detonated remotely is very high. Generally speaking, these bombs had several control modes such as near-range control. If there’s a problem with this pilot, he must have special activation equipment on him,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui spread his mental perception. The next second, he became depressed. He noticed that a button on this guy’s chest was different. It was very likely that it was the button for the bomb.

“Then abandon the plane.” Xu Tui immediately made a decision.

“Your electrostatic field shield bag should be able to completely isolate all the particle signals and electronic control methods of this bomb,” Ah Huang suddenly said.

“Are you sure?”

“The probability is 99.9%.”

The bomb were not difficult to find. It was installed under the pilot’s seat. No one would notice it if they did not sit on it.

A choice was immediately placed in front of Xu Tui.

He can take the risk not to defuse the bomb, instead, he’ll block the bomb signal. He would then continue to interrogate Liu Dajiang with spiritual resonance and even spiritual radiation. He could investigate the details in an extremely short period of time and dismantle the bomb after he found the mastermind.

Or he could dismantle it and immediately use an electrostatic field shield bag to block the bomb signal.

However, the consequences of doing so might very well cause the mastermind to discover that there was a problem with the operation and carry out other possible actions.

Xu Tui felt a little f*cked. Was there no end to this? Another mastermind was targeting him. It was not enough to kill two Genetic Transmutors just now. There was actually someone who continued to deal with him! Was he that valuable or important? Even if there were research results, they were announced! Is there a need to deal with him wave after wave?

According to the deduction of the bomb device in front of him, Liu Dajiang’s orders might be to send him to the indicated location. If he could not, he would activate the bomb.@@novelbin@@

In other words, he wanted to capture Xu Tui alive. If he could not, he would kill Xu Tui. Damn it, how much did he hate him? Can’t they just leave him alone?

“If you want to bet, fine. Even if you’re dead, I have a backup at Xiaoxue’s place. It’s equivalent to being able to revive. After that, I’ll matchmake a new boyfriend for Xiaoxue! He’s definitely more handsome than you!” Just as Xu Tui was thinking, Ah Huang suddenly said this.