Chapter 649 - 649 The Teachers’ Gift (2)

649 The Teachers’ Gift (2)

Defense and rebound!

This kind of rebound was not a reflection. It was truly a rebound. For example, Lu Kang could use his energy field to condense a fist mark or slash out a saber light from afar. The moment Xu Tui’s Vajra Shield caught it, there would be a process of internal rebound.

It bounced back.

Of course, whether he would reflect back and injure the enemy or strengthen his defense depended on Xu Tui’s own micromanagement.

For example, using the concave Vajra Shield to receive the attack before rebounding had a high chance of rebounding the enemy’s attack. If the Vajra Shield actively rebounded before the enemy’s attack arrived, it would be strengthening its defense. It was equivalent to attacking to assist in defense. It could increase Xu Tui’s defense by several times. Xu Tui’s methods of dealing with super-strong offensive abilities were even more varied.

After a round of testing, Lu Kang, who was at the Genetic Transmutation Realm, became interested. “I used 70% of my strength just now. This time, I’ll try using 80% of my strength to see if you can withstand it! Try your limits!” Lu Kang was extremely curious when he saw that 70% of his attack had been blocked by Xu Tui’s Vajra Shield.

“This is already my limit! I’ll be injured if I take it head-on.” Xu Tui rejected him with a smile. He felt ashamed for a moment when he rejected him with a smile. Instructor Lu Kang had sincerely tested it for him, but he had said hypocritical words because he had the intention to leave some room.

Instructor Lu Kang’s attack with 70% of his strength was not Xu Tui’s limit. Xu Tui estimated that the mutated Vajra Shield should be able to withstand 80% of Lu Kang’s attack under the attack-assisting mode. Perhaps this was Xu Tui’s growth.

Vajra Rebound Shield! Xu Tui gave the mutated Vajra Shield a very old-fashioned name.

“Get ready. The higher-ups have already helped you contact them. Our Huaxia Sector’s Genetic Weapon Master, Gong Yan, has already accepted the opportunity given by the Blue Star Genetic Committee to forge genetic armaments.

“You’ve got three times. He would arrive at the moon in about three days and stay for a few days. In the next day or two, you should design your needs as soon as possible. When designing, you have to consider the convenience of the materials. Give up if the materials are too difficult to get.

“Of course, the master will help you solve the problem. After all, he’s a master of the Huaxia Sector,” Lu Kang said.

“Alright. Thank you, Instructor.” Xu Tui did not waste his breath. The instructor had already accompanied him for a day. He did not want to cause him trouble. Ah Huang could gather most of the public information.

Gong Yan. A quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. He was a Mystery Branch Genetic Cultivator and a dual-element superb individual. He was a Genetic Weapon Forging Master.

Cai Shaochu, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, had evaluated Gong Yan as the eighth planetary-level powerhouse in the Huaxia Sector. He is a future Planetary realm powerhouse. And a Genetic Weapon expert. No matter which one it was, it was enough to make everyone respect and value it.@@novelbin@@

On the afternoon of February 18th, Xu Tui received a message from An Xiaoxue. She had returned to the moon and safely returned to the moon base.

An Xiaoxue asked Xu Tui to look for her in an hour. She already knew that Xu Tui had chosen the reward. She had to help Xu Tui design genetic weapons.

Xu Tui happily agreed. However, Xu Tui went to the Moon Genetic Armament Center before he went to see An Xiaoxue. He wanted to customize a combat uniform. The standard combat uniform had average defensive abilities and was easier to destroy.

A large amount of Mechanical Spirit Alloy would be used to customize a combat uniform. The combat uniform that was customized with Mechanical Spirit Alloy was extremely durable because of its powerful metal memory function and self-connection healing function. In short, as long as there was no external force blocking it, the hole would be repaired itself.

Even if a piece was missing, the Mechanical Spirit Alloy in the other parts would surge over to repair it.

Only when more than a third of the Mechanical Spirit Alloy in the custom-made combat uniform was damaged would it fall into a damaged state that could not be repaired.

At the same time, there were also many forms of custom-made combat uniforms.

For example, the combat form was a normal combat form.

For example, the leisure form. It was like a casual outfit. It was not as heavy as a combat uniform. He could also customize the locations of all kinds of functions.

The starting cost of customizing it was 50 kilograms of Mechanical Spirit Alloy and 1 gram of Origin Crystal.

In Xu Tui’s opinion, the defensive function of a combat uniform was more of a large-scale supplement. What Xu Tui valued more was the function of his combat uniform. For example, elixirs, water storage, gas storage, biochemical functions, and other portable functions.

These were all part of the plan.

Most importantly, it could be equipped according to the usage in the later stages. Of course, most people used Level E Mechanical Spirit Alloy to customize their combat uniforms.

However, Xu Tui had gained a lot. He used the Level D and Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloys that he had seized to make the custom-made combat uniform. Especially the main body, it was made of high-level Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

At that time, its performance and defense would naturally be better than the defense suits of ordinary students.

…

“You have three chances to forge a genetic weapon. I only have one request for you.” To Xu Tui’s surprise, An Xiaoxue did not discuss the forging plan of the genetic weapon with Xu Tui after she saw her. Instead, she made a request.

“There must be a flying sword among the three genetic weapon. You can choose the rest,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I choose myself?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled. This was completely different from what Instructor Lu Kang had said.

“To be precise, you and the Genetic Weapon Forging Master, Gong Yan, discussed your choice based on your abilities,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui still did not quite understand.

“The main reason why Master Gong Yan accepted the mission to forge genetic weapons for you is because Mr. Ji personally contacted Master Gong,” An Xiaoxue said. “This is also one of the gifts Mr. Ji gave you.”

“Our Genetic Miracle’s Mr. Ji Guoliang gave me a gift?” Xu Tui chuckled. “By the way, Miss An, did Mr. He give me a gift?”

“Of course he did.”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui received an unfamiliar message on his communication device. “Little Xu Tui, I’ve already entrusted Xiaoxue with the gift. You can’t ask me for a gift the next time you see me!”

There was no need to ask. Xu Tui could already guess who the sender was just from the contents of the message. He Yunfeng, Mr. Wanjian! Only those who cultivated the Myriad Sword Technique would be so stingy!

However, Xu Tui still gasped when he found out what the real gift was. The gift Mr. Ji Guoliang gave Xu Tui was a 6.1-gram mind power Origin Crystal.

“This should be the mind power Origin Crystal that Mr. Ji and Mr. Shang obtained after killing a Planetary realm powerhouse in the extra-terrestrial.” An Xiaoxue’s explanation shocked Xu Tui.

“A kilogram of Level B Mechanical Spiritual Gold Essence?” Xu Tui was still shocked when he saw He Yunfeng’s gift. Mr. He was so generous?

“This is the main material that Mr. He gave you to forge the flying sword,” An Xiaoxue instructed.