Chapter 644 - 644 Enrollment Eligibility And Exchange

644 Enrollment Eligibility and Exchange

183,420 points!

If there was anything more explosive than Xu Tui’s name being the first on the four rankings, that would be the number of contribution points that Xu Tui had after his name.

183,420.

The six-figure contribution points instantly blinded many people. It was especially so for the first-year students. Many students compared their four- or even three-figure battle merits to Xu Tui’s six-figure battle merits. They felt as if they were being ridiculed.

!!

Even though Xu Tui was a first-year dragon, could the difference in contribution points not be so great? There was a difference of a hundred times!

At this moment, Peter, who was ranked second on the 2,138th batch of freshmen’s Combat Merits List, the Tiger of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, raised his head and quietly looked at the string of six figures.

Xu Tui was a first-year dragon in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. And he was a first-year tiger. He was only one rank away. It looked like the two of them were very close. However, when they reached the Extra-terrestrial, Peter and many of the freshmen realized the true difference between them and Xu Tui.

When he was in school, Peter’s teacher said that the difference between 100 and 99 was huge. None of the students believed him. He was clearly one point short! Teacher, are you kidding me?

But now, Peter understood. The difference was really huge! He scored 99 points. 99 points was actually his upper limit.

Yet, Xu Tui scored 100 points. This 100 points was only the upper limit of the test paper, not Xu Tui’s upper limit.

At this moment, countless freshmen felt frustrated and disappointed as they looked upon Xu Tui’s battle merits. It doesn’t matter which sectors they came from, they all felt the same.

Zuo Qingqing was also among them. She felt that she was so far away from Xu Tui. It was really far!

The corner of Li Zhouchen’s mouth twitched slightly. The first place on the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings had also been taken by Xu Tui’s team, which only consists of one person. His points were such a huge difference it was comparable to a canyon.

Li Zhouchen turned around and looked at Xu Tui. A trace of doubt flashed past his mind. Was the first-year dragon this year that powerful?

“I’ll wait for you.” Li Zhouchen turned to leave. He left these words behind when he passed by Xu Tui.

Many people understood what he meant. Li Zhouchen would wait for Xu Tui’s challenge. As for the commendation ceremony, Li Zhouchen was no longer interested in participating. With his pride and past, standing in second place was a humiliation. Instead of wasting time here, he might as well seize the time to cultivate.@@novelbin@@

Strength was everything!

At the same time, the number one student of the European Sector, Dan Li, the number one student of the American Sector, Bobran, the second top student, Li An, the number one student of the Africa Sector, Lehman, and the number one student of the Russian Federation, Pilov, all looked at Xu Tui.

In the future, there will be a new person in the elite cohort of top students. And he was a powerful competitor!

Since it was a commendation ceremony, it was inevitable that he would go on stage to receive the award. However, the reward he received on stage was not the physical reward for the first place.

The physical reward for the first place on the various rankings, especially the rewards for the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings and the Overall Individual Combat Merits List, were very flexible.

He could even mix it.

The students who won the award could choose according to their needs. There was only one prize to receive on stage—a medal!

The first place on the freshmen’s Combat Merits List would receive a bronze medal of the Blue Star Guardian. The first place of the freshmen’s Prodigy Combat Team Rankings would be rewarded with a bronze medal of the Blue Star Intelligence and Courage.

Xu Tui had once obtained a Bronze Medal of Blue Star Wisdom and Courage.

It felt useless. However, it was actually very useful. Whether it was the Bronze Medal of Blue Star Guardian or the Bronze Medal of Blue Star Intelligence and Courage, they could increase the owner’s individual rights by a small level.

The first place on the Overall Individual Combat Merits List received a Silver Medal of the Blue Star Guardian. The first place on the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings received a Silver Medal of the Blue Star Intelligence and Courage.

Other than its honorary nature, the silver medal increased the owner’s individual rights by two small levels. If one’s individual rights were originally low-grade Level D, they would be able to jump to high-grade Level D after receiving the silver medal.

The benefits of individual rights were not too obvious on the Blue Star. However, it was very important in the extra-terrestrial.

Extra-terrestrial represent true privileges.

Unfortunately, the increment of the individual rights could not be accumulated. It was only calculated according to the highest level of increment. This made Xu Tui, who had received four medals in a row, feel a little regretful.

“I look forward to your performance on the Mars battlefield next year!” Cai Shaochu personally put the Silver Medal of the Blue Star Guardian on Xu Tui’s chest with an expectant expression. “Also, the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College welcomes you!”

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. He had yet to react. However, the elite students below the stage exploded!

Xu Tui had directly obtained the qualifications to enter the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. The Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College could be said to be the holy temple of all the Genetic Evolution Colleges on the Blue Star. No Genetic Evolution College could compare to this, including the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College!

This was not only because the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was purer. It was purely for the genetic evolution and research of genetic newcomers. It was also because the resources for extraterrestrial genetic evolution were not something that other genetic evolution colleges on the Blue Star could compare to.

For example, cleaning up the corpses of extraterrestrial invaders obtained on the Mars battlefield every year. Students from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College could obtain the research sequence by applying for a request.

On the Blue Star, it would take a long time for ordinary professors to obtain it, let alone students. Of course, that was not the point. The main point was that Xu Tui could enter the school without an assessment.

It could be considered a precedent!

It had to be known that in the past, the first-year student who won the first place in the Mars battlefield had to undergo an assessment if they wanted to enter the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Although they could basically pass, not many people could enter without an assessment like Xu Tui.

But after some thoughts, they came to a realization. The first place on the Overall Individual Combat Merits List on the Mars battlefield every year was a student from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui had not entered the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, but he had already obtained the first place on the Mars Battlefield’s Overall Individual Combat Merits List. It was normal for him to enter the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College without an assessment.

“Thank you, Principal Cai. However, going to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College…” Xu Tui stammered. He was doing well in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He had just participated in a Mars actual combat, but he had to be transferred to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. It was a little difficult for him to accept.

“There’s no need to be troubled! The Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College is an extremely flexible and inclusive genetic evolution college. Other than two to three months of concentrated study and research every year, the rest of the time is very flexible.

“After all, the teachers were also very busy. Whether you come or not will depend on your choice!” Cai Shaochu changed his usual strictness. He was very gentle when he faced Xu Tui.

Cai Shaochu straightened Xu Tui’s medal and spoke to the tens of thousands of students below the stage. “Come, let us once again give a warm round of applause to the Blue Star Guardian, Xu Tui, the recipient of the Silver Medal of Blue Star Wisdom and Courage!”

Applause rang out like thunder. This was especially so for the first-year students. They clapped quickly. The second-year, third-year, and fourth-year students were not as enthusiastic as the first-year students. Most of them were puzzled as to where Xu Tui had gotten 180,000 contribution points.

Of course, it was just a question in their hearts. They could apply to inquire after the incident. Anyone who touched the red line of contribution points, no matter what form it was, would die.

This was the iron rule of the extra-terrestrial!

In the viewing area, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, Itavi, frowned when he saw Xu Tui receiving the congratulations of a group of students.

“You haven’t found any traces of them?” Itavi communicated directly with his student, Kitavan, through mind communication.

As a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, Kitawan was originally qualified to sit in the observation area. However, in order to show his respect for his teacher, Itavi, Kitawan performed the most basic etiquette of a disciple. He carefully served behind Itavi.

Of course, this was not an exception. This was the norm. The status of a Planetary realm powerhouse was extremely extraordinary. The seats of the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were all behind them. Even if they were from different sectors, no one dared to break this rule.

“Teacher, I’ve sent people to search, but we haven’t found the corpses of Silus and the others! There are traces of battle in the area where Silus and the others were last headed. However, they did not find their corpses or any residue. Our people are still searching,” Kitawan replied through mental communication. However, he still subconsciously bowed slightly when he replied.

“Were they captured alive by the Huaxia Sector, or were they killed in battle? Or something else?” Itavi asked. It did not matter what the result was, as long as there was a result. But there was no result now!

“Teacher, I don’t know yet, but the Planetary realm powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector on the moon haven’t done anything.”

“What about the Genetic Miracles?”

“I’m not too sure about that.”

“Observe closely and continue the investigation!” Itavi instructed.

“Understood, Teacher. We’ll continue to look for an opportunity to deal with Xu Tui.”

“Good. This is a must!” Itavi gave a small nod.

At the side, Ruan Tianzuo, a Planetary Realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, was sitting beside Itavi. Looking at Itavi and his disciple, he knew that they were communicating. “Old Tavi, your disciples have been very active recently,” Ruan Tianzuo suddenly said.

Itavi glanced at Ruan Tianzuo and said slowly, “Aren’t you the same?”

“No, we are far inferior to your India Sector!” Ruan Tianzuo said meaningfully.

“Then learn from us.” Itavi had a pun!

“If you have time, we can communicate,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

Itavi’s gaze shifted as soon as he said that. Communicate! Ruan Tianzuo’s attitude was extraordinary, and he thought of a possibility.

“Alright, get Kitawan and the others to communicate with each other. Your Huaxia Sector is indeed different now!” Although he was smiling, Itavi’s gaze was fixed on Xu Tui, who was on the stage.

Why could he sense the aura of the Red Fire Slip on this young man when he was on Mars?

At the same time, Xu Tui, who was standing on the stage, felt two gazes that were like blades that pierced his face.