Chapter 659 - 659 Heart Sword Heart Eye And Activation

659 Heart Sword Heart Eye and Activation

Research Institute Number 14.

An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui, and Bian Yuan were sitting around a rectangular conference table. This was a new rule that An Xiaoxue had set as the number of people in the Research Institute Number 14 increased.

Every Monday and every Friday afternoon, if everyone was around, an internal seminar would be held. There was no time limit. There was no limit to the types of problems. It was a discussion and research aimed at mutual promotion. Whether it was genetic ability cultivation or related research, it was not advisable to build a car behind closed doors.

They might even make some common sense mistakes.

For example, Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of the Phobos’ Combat Command, had vaguely reminded An Xiaoxue once. Don’t ignore common sense and make some stupid mistakes.

An Xiaoxue did not understand Zhu Lang’s obscure reminder at first. What was going on? Later on, she learned about Xu Tui sensing the quantum portal. This was Zhu Lang reminding An Xiaoxue to fulfill her responsibilities as a teacher and not let her students do stupid things.

An Xiaoxue did not know if sensing the quantum portal was stupid, but she had to strengthen Xu Tui’s general knowledge learning. The internal seminar in front of him was produced against this background.

Of course, there was also a guest. Advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer, Ah Huang. However, it was placed on the conference table in the form of an apple-sized mechanical pet dog.

This was the latest bionic creation in the Research Institute Number 14. It was also to make it easier for Xu Tui to bring Ah Huang along.

Ah Huang had a spirit in Xu Tui’s mental perception and could communicate with Xu Tui directly through consciousness. Ah Huang’s usefulness had increased further. Ah Huang had designed this apple-sized mechanical pet dog itself. It had been modified by An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui. That was why it had spent a lot of money to make it alone. It would be a loss to the developers if it was mass-produced. Other than having many functions, it also had a certain level of combat ability.

Of course, the most important thing was silence. When he did not need it, he could just hang it there with a large pendant. An Xiaoxue even designed an independent small wrench. If Ah Huang was noisy, he could seal it on the spot!

“I have a question. Xu Tui, is your ability to communicate with your mind completely based on spiritual resonance, or is it mixed with other abilities?” An Xiaoxue was the first to speak.

“Miss An, yes, but you have to use your mental perception as the foundation. Your mind power has to reach a certain level. However, you should have enough,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay, under normal circumstances, it’s very slow to learn the mind power magnetic field and spiritual resonance from the School of Radiation Influence. We might not be able to get started in a few months, let alone learn it. Xu Tui, can you try to continuously use Spiritual Resonance on us to stimulate the genetic base points related to Spiritual Resonance so that we can find the relevant genetic base points and learn spiritual resonance in a short period of time?” After saying that, An Xiaoxue added, “I realized that communication of consciousness is very important in the actual combat on Mars this year, especially on the battlefield.”

“No problem,” Xu Tui agreed readily.

“Can I learn it too?” Bian Yuan asked softly.

“Of course. My questions are over. What about you guys?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Miss An, Mr. Bian, does the Heart Sword Heart Eye in our Thousand Miles Sword Technique have a genetic ability chain?” Xu Tui asked.

“You mastered it?”

“I did.” Xu Tui nodded.

“Actually, I major in the Myriad Sword Technique and chose the Thousand Miles Sword Technique as my elective. I’ve also practiced the Heart Sword Heart Eye. It’s just a way to use the quantum entanglement state. At least I didn’t find any genetic ability chains,” Bian Yuan replied.

An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “Currently, the Heart Sword Heart Eye is indeed just a way to use our quantum entanglement state. However, Mr. Shang said that the quantum entanglement state should also be a genetic ability chain. However, it is extremely difficult to develop when it involves the brain.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly.

“Xiaoxue, Xu Tui, it’s like this. I’ve been trying to fuse the Myriad Swords and the Thousand Miles Sword Technique recently…”

…

Xu Tui had many questions in his mind. The seminar within the Genetic Miracle resolved many of Xu Tui’s doubts. There were some questions that he did not even have to ask. He naturally understood them through the exchange. However, there were some things that Xu Tui could not express even if he wanted to.

For example, the red fire slip.

Xu Tui had not been idle these few days. Other than studying and cultivating every day, he also took the time to conduct various comprehensive checks on himself.

The Research Institute Number 14 had these inspection equipment. For example, the most advanced quark particle imaging device. It could accurately describe the smallest structure in the human body with the precision of a quark.

Research Institute Number 14 usually used it to compare the slightest difference between a clone body and the main body.

Xu Tui used it to search for the red fire slip in his body. He wanted to find the form of the red fire slip in his body. However, the imaging results of the quark particle imaging device did not find the red fire slip.

Xu Tui had used almost all of the electronic devices in the Research Institute Number 14 that could scan him. However, he did not find anything unusual. Under such circumstances, Xu Tui came to a conclusion. The red fire slip might exist in a higher-level energy form.

Other than that, there were no other discoveries.

Currently, it was still diverting the energy that Xu Tui used for his cultivation. It would take 20%. Not much, not little. Of course, if Xu Tui was willing to give it more, it would accept them all. However, it was impossible for Xu Tui to reduce its energy.

Up until now, Xu Tui was still unable to determine how threatening it was. Of course, if the threat value limit was set at 50 points, anything below 50 points was highly threatening and harmful. Anything above 50 points was low-threat, harmless, or less harmful to Xu Tui.

In that case, Xu Tui’s current score was 65 points.

The reason was the absorption of energy. It was obvious that the red fire slip required energy. Its control over energy was stronger than Xu Tui’s. However, there was no predatory absorption. As long as Xu Tui did not take the initiative, it would not take more than 20% of the energy. This was an additional 10 points.

Secondly, every time Xu Tui cultivated, the red fire slip would emit a red radiation that only a chip like Ah Huang could sense. So far, the red radiation was only beneficial to Ah Huang. There was no harm! An additional five points!

However, what exactly was this thing for? When could it give Xu Tui a response? Or rather, could Xu Tui confirm what it was for? After all, it was staying in his mind rent-free. Now, it has even forcefully taken 20% of Xu Tui’s cultivation energy. It was even more domineering than his girlfriend.

In the cultivation room, Xu Tui’s mind power trembled slightly. It attached itself to a silver pill. Then, the silver pill slowly flew out of the cultivation room and entered the trash disposal room. It turned on the electronic control valve and crawled into the sewer of the trash disposal room.

Along the way, after passing through four layers of screening nets of different densities, the silver pill slowly flew out of the building of the Genetic Research Institute. This was the only loophole in the Genetic Research Institute. However, if he closed the electronic control valve, this loophole would not exist.

The silver pill quickly flew into the sky and flew out of the thousand-meter area. Soon, it was 1,270 meters away from Xu Tui. This was also the maximum distance Xu Tui could sense with his mental perception.

The silver pill continued to fly out and instantly cut off from Xu Tui’s mental perception. However, the moment its mental perception was cut off from Xu Tui, the mind power point that had been attached to the silver pill trembled slightly. Xu Tui’s mind power, which had been paying attention to a certain point in his body, suddenly returned an image.@@novelbin@@

This was the quantum entanglement state of mind power. In other words, the Heart Sword Heart Sword.

Xu Tui had just mastered it a few days ago. It was easy to say, but it was actually to split a point of mind power that was originally one into two. It was as if Xu Tui’s eyes had been split into two. The two halves of the eyes retained their original vision. If he gave half of it away, what the other half saw would also appear in the other half.

It was easier said than done. However, it was more complicated to train. It had taken Xu Tui half a year to master it. With the Heart Sword Heart Eye, he could be considered to have mastered the Thousand Miles Sword Technique. But he could not hit anywhere he wanted with the Thousand Miles Sword Technique.

He first used his Heart Sword Eye to lock onto the location. Then, under the guidance of the Heart Sword Heart Eye, the flying sword shot out at high speed. It hit its target in the blink of an eye.

During this, the Heart Sword Heart Eye could only modify the flying sword that was flying at high speed. This was also the origin and power of the Thousand Miles Sword Technique. Mr. Ji Guoliang, that was the true Thousand Miles Sword Technique.

Xu Tui’s current limit was about 30 kilometers.

Thirty kilometers.

The silver pill flew 30 kilometers east and arrived at the edge of the capital. Xu Tui saw an abandoned concrete elevated pillar that was raised high. It was two meters thick. With a thought, the mind power on the silver pill immediately marked it.

In the cultivation room, another silver pill slowly took off and continued to pass through the sewers. It left the Genetic Research Institute and arrived in the sky. The Heart Sword Heart Eye accurately indicated the location of the target to Xu Tui.

In the next moment, the silver pill spun at high speed. It kept accelerating! Silver light flashed past before the explosion exploded. The residents who heard the strange sound looked up at the sky, but they could not see anything.

Twenty-eight seconds later, there was a loud explosion. The concrete pillar trembled slightly. There was an additional hole in the two-meter-thick pillar. It pierced through!

However, Xu Tui’s silver pill also fell apart after it pierced through it. It disintegrated into powder. It was not strong enough. It was also at this moment that an ear-piercing roar sounded. The other silver pill flew closer. After observing the small holes in the concrete pillar, it quickly flew away. He had no choice. The range of his Heart Sword Heart Eye was extremely limited. It was within a three to four-meter radius of the attached object.

Fifteen minutes later, a team of special agents from the Capital Special Intelligence Division arrived and began to analyze the scene.

“Fresh holes. F*ck, it pierced through a two-meter-thick concrete elevated pillar and pierced through the steel bars. Which Genetic Evolution Realm expert has nothing better to do than train?” A special agent exclaimed.

In the cultivation room, Xu Tui frowned slightly as he looked at the complete attack image of Ah Huang using a simulation machine.

It had decent power. The 30-kilometer distance took 28 seconds. It was a little slow. If he really used the Thousand Miles Sword Technique, the speed of the flying sword would have to increase again.

However, according to the feedback from his cultivation over the past few days, Xu Tui would not be able to accelerate the flying sword once it flew out of the range of his mental perception. If it was heading in the wrong direction, it might even stall.

However, he was using the silver pills this time. The flying speed of the silver pills was slower than the flying sword. If he used a real sword, its power could be further enhanced. This was the convenience of the Heart Sword Heart Eye, as well as the restriction of the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

However, the use of the quantum entanglement state was far more than the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

At the moment, Xu Tui could only use it in the Heart Sword Heart Eye. Xu Tui had a way to use the Genetic Miracle in this aspect. He would have to figure out the rest himself. While he was thinking, Xu Tui had already entered the illusory introspection. His attention landed on the gray and silver genetic base point in the back of his head.

Just now, when Xu Tui was using his quantum entanglement state at its peak, this genetic base point had flickered slightly. This was also another important goal of Xu Tui’s experiment just now. This was a reward that he had risked his life to obtain. He had to focus on his research.

Now, he could basically confirm that this mysterious and lonely genetic base point was indeed related to the quantum entanglement state.

Since it was confirmed, he had to activate it!

With a thought, Xu Tui began to activate it.