Chapter 654 - 654 Happy Today

654 Happy Today

Before the war, the first-year elite students of the Blue Star were extremely eager to go to the Moon. But now, they were as anxious as ever to return to the Blue Star.

Everyone was homesick. Including Xu Tui. The sky shuttle took off from the Moon base. None of the students were sleeping. They were all looking forward to it. Occasionally, they would see the blue ball through the porthole, and feel a wave of excitement.

The nearly 12-hour journey became rather long. As a result, some students cheered excitedly after the sky shuttle passed through the atmosphere.

Xu Tui was also very excited. Soon, he could go home. When he first entered college, he did not want to return home. He only wanted freedom. Now, after experiencing a war, he was thinking about it desperately. His parents should have prepared all kinds of delicious food for him, right?

!!

While he was thinking, Xu Tui suddenly felt a strange sensation in his mind. He could vaguely sense five locations. It was very blurry. In any case, there were five blurry directions that suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. This feeling was extremely strange. It was also very mysterious.

After all, Xu Tui had just entered the atmosphere.

Xu Tui did not feel that way when he left. He immediately realized that something might have happened to him.

In an instant, he found the source. Compared to when he left the Blue Star, the only fundamental change in his body was the addition of a red jade slip. Under his introspection, Xu Tui focused his attention on the red jade slip. He instantly noticed an extremely faint aura fluctuation on the red jade slip.

Xu Tui would not have noticed it if it was not in his body. At the same time, the moment Xu Tui’s mind power landed on the red jade slip, the five directions became a little clearer. However, it only became a little clearer. The five blurry directions did not change.

Moreover, as the sky shuttle landed quickly, Xu Tui could sense that these five blurry directions were rapidly approaching. He could confirm that the five blurry directions brought about by the red jade slip were on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui was slightly shocked. This red jade slip obtained from Mars was actually related to the Blue Star. Or rather, this red jade slip or its kind had come to the Blue Star before!

The humans of the Blue Star had only stepped onto Mars for a hundred years. Then how long ago had this red jade slip or its kind come to the Blue Star? Or rather, how did it come to the Blue Star? Did the red jade slip come on its own? Or was the red jade slip just an object that had been brought to the Blue Star by some existence? It even left behind the auras in five directions.

“What exactly is this red jade slip?” For a moment, Xu Tui, who was imagining things, felt his head ache.

Bang!

The vibration of the spaceship woke Xu Tui up from his thoughts. They landed. The returning sky shuttle landed safely at the Juntian Spaceport in the Huaxia Sector. When they left, the boarding went smoothly. But they did not leave so quickly when they returned. They repeated their identification information one by one and then entered the long sanitizer tunnel.

The humans of the Blue Star placed great importance on the safety of microorganisms. There were many microorganisms, viruses, and so on in the extra-terrestrial. The genetic newcomers who had cultivated were not afraid, but if they were brought back to the Blue Star, it might be a disaster for ordinary people if they were not careful.

Therefore, this sanitization was extremely meticulous. Even if they had already been done once when they left the moon.

“Miss An, where are you going?” After returning to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the students dispersed. Xu Tui quickly chased after An Xiaoxue when he saw her wearing a large mask and carrying a backpack.

“I’m going back to the Research Institute Number 14. I’ve been away for more than a month. The research institute is in urgent need of care. I still have some new ideas. I want to try them out as soon as possible.” An Xiaoxue gave a rare explanation under Xu Tui’s burning gaze.

“Come home with me, Miss An.”

An Xiaoxue’s face instantly turned red. Fortunately, she was covered by a large mask. However, she knew very well that her heart was beating faster and her face was burning. Go home? Why would I go home with you?

“My parents have already prepared dinner and are waiting for us,” Xu Tui added.

The panic and nervousness that had just risen in An Xiaoxue’s heart instantly intensified. So she was going back to Xu Tui’s parents’ house for dinner. Fortunately, she was wearing a mask. If she did not wear it…

An Xiaoxue: “…”

“This… Xu Tui, you should go back quickly. Auntie and Uncle must have missed you.”

Xu Tui smiled when he saw how uneasy An Xiaoxue was. “My mother said that she has already made your favorite stir-fried shrimp, spicy stir-fried veal with celery, spicy and sour dough, stir-fried wheat vegetables, and corn yam pork ribs soup. Miss An, I’m so pitiful. My mother made five dishes for you, but she only made one for me. I even suspect that I’m not her biological son.” Xu Tui’s tone was a little exaggerated.

An Xiaoxue’s eyes were a little flustered. She was hesitating, but Xu Tui immediately handed his communication device forward. “Why don’t you tell my mother that you’re not going?”

“Then…” An Xiaoxue hesitated for a moment. “Then I have to return to the research institute and pack up.”

“Alright, I’ll wait for you.”

“Xu Tui, why don’t you drink with Xiaoxue tonight?” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly rang out.

“For what?”

“Wine emboldens a person!”

Xu Tui was stunned, then furious. “Ah Huang, you scolded me! Do you believe that I’ll let Xiaoxue continue to lock you up?”

“Idiot. You only have a chance if you drink. You’re not stupid enough to buy a ticket before getting on the bus, are you?”@@novelbin@@

“You-”

“Xiaoxue has never even held someone else’s hand. As long as you have the guts, she will definitely soften!”

Xu Tui: “…”

Why did he feel that Ah Huang was courting death?

“Ah Huang, what do you think Xiaoxue will do if she’s in the mood and suddenly uses her authority to check our chat history?”

Ah Huang despised Xu Tui again. “Do you think I’m as stupid as you? I’ve already used encrypted information for my conversation with you. If Xiaoxue is interested in flipping through it, it will be another completely normal conversation.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. “Ah Huang, you seem to have violated the fourth rule of the advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer—you can’t hide anything from the owner of the highest authority.”

“Did I violate it?” Ah Huang fell into deep thought. “It seems so.” Ah Huang reflected for a while and suddenly felt a little possessed. “How could this be? As an advanced artificial intelligence, I can’t violate the iron law of artificial intelligence.”

“Xiaoxue is here. Can you tamper with her communication device?” Xu Tui suggested.

“No. Xu Tui, if you have any similar thoughts, I will snitch to the person with the highest authority.” Ah Huang rejected him completely.

Xu Tui was relieved. Currently, the ironclad rule that Ah Huang had to follow that it could not harm the owner of the highest authority was still limited. Then what had happened to Ah Huang? Was it because of the influence of the red jade slip that Ah Huang became a sentient living being?

Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli had indeed made five dishes for An Xiaoxue. They had only made one dish for Xu Tui. However, the five dishes he made for An Xiaoxue were all normal eight-inch plates. The braised pork ribs and broad noodles that they made for Xu Tui were a large basin. A basin larger than a washbasin! He could barely be considered their biological son.

At night, his father, Xu Jianguo, opened a bottle of wine and said that Zhuang Ziqiang had brought it over when he came to visit during the New Year.

Xu Tui drank a few glasses with him.

Xu Tui, who was originally honest, immediately had evil thoughts when he opened the red wine for An Xiaoxue because of Ah Huang’s words. He saw that An Xiaoxue’s hands and face were burning when she took a few sips.

An Xiaoxue really drank it! As usual, Xu Tui, who was no longer stupid, sent An Xiaoxue back to the Research Institute Number 14 after dinner. The two of them walked for a while. They were very close. However, no one knew what to say. They just walked side by side.

“Hold her hand. Hurry up and hold her hand!” Ah Huang was about to go crazy from arguing in Xu Tui’s head. He kept calling out!

“Hurry up. Xiaoxue will definitely not refuse. Xiaoxue’s hands must be very soft! Hurry up and hold it!”

As Ah Huang urged him crazily, Xu Tui moved his finger and grabbed An Xiaoxue’s slender hand. The moment his fingertips touched it, An Xiaoxue’s slender hand suddenly dodged like a frightened rabbit.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s extremely fast reflexes kicked in. He chased after An Xiaoxue and grabbed her slender hand. An Xiaoxue’s slender hand froze at first. The slightly cold and soft touch gradually became hot. It was really soft!

Xu Tui tightened his grip on An Xiaoxue’s hand. He had no intention of letting go even though he was sweating.

“Look, I said it would be fine, right? Listen to my instructions later. Hug Xiaoxue first, then…”

This was the first time Xu Tui felt that the journey from home to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was a little close. It was too close. It should be further away. They walked side by side silently all the way to the side entrance of the Genetic Research Institute. The two of them stopped at the same time.

“We’re here.” An Xiaoxue struggled slightly but did not break free.

“Hurry! Be domineering! You have to be domineering, have you seen the domineering president? Forceful! You have to be forceful! Hurry up and hug her!”

Xu Tui took a deep breath and pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms. Xu Tui, who had experience, had already realized that An Xiaoxue might resist. He tightened his arms domineeringly.

An Xiaoxue stopped moving. Xu Tui suddenly felt inexplicably calm when he smelled the fragrance of An Xiaoxue’s hair.

“Thank you. I’m very happy today.” An Xiaoxue hugged Xu Tui’s waist slightly.

Xu Tui lowered his head and gently touched An Xiaoxue’s forehead. His forehead burned. An Xiaoxue, whose mask had been removed, blushed.

Just as Xu Tui was about to go down, An Xiaoxue hugged Xu Tui slightly. Then, she quickly pushed Xu Tui away and turned around to quickly return to the research institute. Her footsteps were as light as a butterfly.

“Xu Tui, remember to bring me food tomorrow. I still want to eat the fruit salad you made yourself!” At the entrance of the research institute, An Xiaoxue waved at Xu Tui and happily disappeared.

Ah Huang was still nagging in Xu Tui’s ear. “Chase after her! Follow her in! Be thick-skinned. Chase her in and shamelessly sleep in the research institute tonight!”