Chapter 655 - 655 Heroes Out Of The Youth

655 Heroes Out Of The Youth

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received 83,420 contribution points from the Mars Combat Command. Source: contribution points.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received 100,000 contribution points from the Huaxia Genetic Committee. Source: Special reward.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have accumulated more than 100,000 contribution points. You have met the requirements to upgrade your individual rights. Your individual rights have been upgraded from high-grade Level D rights to low-grade Level C rights. Please continue to contribute to humanity and the Huaxia Sector. Our people and our history will never forget your contributions.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received 315,000 contribution points from the Huaxia Genetic Committee. Source: Invention authorization.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have accumulated more than 500,000 contribution points. You have met the requirements to upgrade your individual rights. Your individual rights have been upgraded from low-grade Level C rights to mid-grade Level C rights. Please continue to contribute to humanity and the Huaxia Sector. Our people and our history will never forget your contributions.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You are the recipient of the Silver Medal of the Blue Star Guardian. Due to your huge contribution to humanity, the level of individual rights you enjoy will be increased by two levels. Your current individual rights are low-grade Level B rights.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have obtained low-grade Level B rights on the Blue Star. You have automatically obtained the following special rights.

“1. The information in all the official Genetic Committee’s information vaults on the Blue Star will enter Level B encryption. Those below mid-grade Level B rights are not qualified to check your information. After anyone with high authority checks your information, it will be recorded and made available for your investigation.

“2. You can pass through the public passageways of the various sectors. Your identity information can be directly exempted from inspection.

“3. If you need to use an extraterrestrial quantum portal, you can apply 15 minutes in advance. Or a 15-minute waiting period at the scene.

“4. You can enjoy first use before payment for all medical facilities and resources on the Blue Star and Extraterrestrial. At the same time, you can enjoy a maximum settlement price of 50% according to your level.

“5. According to your individual rights level, you will enjoy emergency transfer rights, including but not limited to various extraterrestrial resources, elixirs, and aerospace fighter jets, aerospace transport aircrafts, and sky aircrafts that do not carry large-scale armaments.

“6. You…”

February 22nd was the first day of vacation after Xu Tui returned to the Blue Star. According to the notice from the Genetic Committee, all elite students would enjoy seven days of vacation after they returned. Xu Tui had wanted to sleep in.

Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli did not wake Xu Tui up as usual in order to let him sleep in. Instead, they prepared breakfast and waited quietly. They waited for their son, who had returned after the battle, to wake up comfortably. While Xu Tui was washing up, they quickly brought the hot breakfast to the table.

However, no one expected that Xu Tui would be woken up by a series of text messages at eight in the morning.

“Ah Huang, aren’t you an advanced artificial intelligence? It’s not easy for me to sleep in. Can’t you silence the messages?” Xu Tui, who had been woken up, felt a little angry. He finally hardened his heart and slept in.

“Understanding and caring for you is your girlfriend’s right. If you had stayed by Xiaoxue’s side last night, I would definitely not have let any sound disturb you. But you didn’t! Moreover, I’m only an advanced artificial intelligence. In my opinion, sleep is unnecessary!”

Xu Tui: “…”

Tsk! He had been attacked by Ah Huang so early in the morning. Xu Tui felt that he had been brave enough last night. He was very happy! He felt that Ah Huang was too experienced. Listen to it, it was too dirty!

Xu Tui flipped through the messages on his communication device. He was stunned. Most of the content of the dozen messages was not surprising.

What surprised Xu Tui was that other than the 100,000 contribution points reward, the Huaxia Sector had also allocated an additional 310,000 contribution points. The source was also the income from inventions!

Coupled with the Silver Medal of the Blue Star Guardian, it directly raised Xu Tui’s individual rights to low-grade Level B.

Xu Tui was stunned for a while. It was mainly because Level B individual rights could be said to be a watershed for individual rights on the Blue Star.

There were two examples.

Many directors of the Genetic Committee in the districts within the alliance only enjoyed high-grade Level C rights after they took that position. The deputy directors of the Genetic Committee of the various sectors would only enjoy low-grade Level B individual rights after they were elected. They were at the same level as Xu Tui.

Note that they only enjoyed Level B individual rights and could only enjoy a portion of the special rights. They did not possess it. Once they fell from that position, their individual rights level would also decrease.

The second example was the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s treatment of Planetary realm powerhouses.

Any genetic newcomer whose individual rights had reached low-grade Level B before advancing to the Planetary realm would have their individual rights raised by one level. Those who did not reach it, no matter what level their original individual rights were, would immediately be promoted to low-grade Level B individual rights.

In other words, the level of individual rights that Xu Tui enjoyed was already the same as the vice-chairman of the Genetic Committee of the various sectors or a Planetary realm powerhouse.

It was as if he had jumped from the county level to the vice-national level. This violent jump in treatment shocked him. Xu Tui even saw from the privileges he enjoyed that he was now qualified to form a law-enforcement armed guard. There could not be more than 10 people in the Blue Star and 20 in the extra-terrestrial.

Soon, Xu Tui saw another article about privileges. A person with low-grade Level B rights could apply for special security transportation and family security in their sector.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he saw this. He could apply for it in a few days. It was necessary for the safety of his parents and the convenience of his life. There were hundreds of similar conditions.

“Improvement, I heard that you’re awake. Do you want to continue lying down or get up? I can prepare breakfast for you,” Zhang Xiuli asked from outside the door.

Just as Xu Tui was answering, his communication device suddenly rang. There was a call. The caller ID showed an unknown number, but Ah Huang immediately determined the source of the call.

“This is a call from the school’s dean, Yan Chen.”

“Hello, Xu Tui. I am Yan Chen from the Academic Affairs Office, the principal would like to see you. When do you have the time?” Yan Chen inquired.

Xu Tui, who had sat up straight because it was a call from the dean of the Academic Affairs Office, suddenly froze when he heard Yan Chen’s tone. The dean of the Academic Affairs Office was discussing it with a student like him?

If the principal wanted to see him, he had to consult Xu Tui about his schedule. It seemed that everything was a little strange. However, it would become very normal if he combined the identity of the low-grade Level B individual rights that Xu Tui had just received.

It could be said that if the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Wen Xinglun, had not fought for astonishing battle achievements on the Mars battlefield, then Principal Wen’s individual rights would definitely be lower than Xu Tui’s.

If this was a seminar, Xu Tui would definitely be able to sit in front of the principal. Ever since the Great Genetic Age, because of the continuous bleeding and sacrifices in the extra-terrestrial, the status had become strict again.

To put it bluntly, I’ve bled for the Blue Star and risked my life, why can’t I sit in front?

Of course, contributing to the Blue Star was not only about contribution points. For example, the invention reward given to Xu Tui by the Huaxia Sector was also a contribution.

Xu Tui did not understand why the contribution points he obtained from invention were also included in his personal contribution level.

“Director Yan, I just got up. How about an hour later?”

“The principal has a meeting at nine. At ten, the principal is waiting for you in his office. How about that?”

“No problem.

Xu Tui was stunned for a few seconds after he hung up. Only then did he realize that it was different! After returning from the Mars battlefield this time, the contribution points, medals, and invention rewards made his identity completely different.

All the privileges related to individual rights should be Xu Tui’s resources now.

“Ah Huang, review and modify the previous plan. There are a few steps that can be simplified with special rights. There’s no need to go through so much trouble,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Understood. I’ll review and supplement it.”

…

There were two baskets of steaming hot buns that had just come out of the basket, a large bowl of golden and fragrant millet porridge, a plate of appetizing cucumber salad, and a few peeled eggs that had been soaked with soy sauce and smoked. Xu Tui felt extremely good eating them.

After the meal, Xu Tui first showed his parents his total of five medals. Then, he directly applied online and gave his parents his Blue Star Silver Medal of Wisdom and Courage, the Blue Star Guardian Medal, as a gift from his immediate family.

This was also another form of amulet for his parents. With two medals, his parents would have a certain level of convenience, be it in terms of pension or medical treatment.

Taking a step back, if Xu Tui really died in battle one day, with just these few medals, Xu Tui’s parents’ lives would be guaranteed. No one would dare to bully them.

…

Xu Tui arrived at the principal’s office of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College at ten o’clock sharp.

Yan Chen, the dean of the Academic Affairs Office, was actually waiting at the door. When he saw Xu Tui, he quickly greeted him with a smile.

“Hello, Director Yan.” Xu Tui took the initiative to greet him.

Yan Chen’s gaze shifted slightly, and his smile became even more natural. Any unit that had high-level rights would be reported to the internal management. The special rights they enjoyed had to be given.

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, as long as one obtained individual rights above mid-grade Level C, they would be reported.

Yan Chen was the first to know about Xu Tui’s low-grade Level B rights. He also knew better what low-grade Level B rights represented. In any case, it was not a problem for him to be on equal footing with the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, especially in public.

As a result, Yan Chen had long humbled himself. He had originally guessed that the young man’s sudden success would probably…

However, what surprised him was that Xu Tui’s performance just now was no different from that of a normal student.

If there was, it would be the confidence that filled his eyes. Xu Tui was not simple.

Xu Tui observed his duties as a student and greeted the principal when he entered the principal’s office. After obtaining low-grade Level B rights, Xu Tui confirmed one thing after a brief shock and thought: As long as he was still in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he was still a student.

Wen Xinglun raised his head and carefully sized Xu Tui up. He suddenly smiled when he saw Xu Tui standing upright in front of him.@@novelbin@@

“As expected of a hero from a young age! Come, come, sit! I called you over today mainly because I have some honor and treatment issues. I want to hear your opinion,” Wen Xinglun said.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat.

There was actually another reward?