Chapter 653 - 653 Return Date

653 Return Date

When Xu Tui personally participated in the design and refinement process of the genetic armament, he realized that the genetic armament was not as mysterious as he had imagined.

The first reason why genetic armaments were mysterious and powerful was that the materials used were even more precious and rare. For example, the water puppet doll that Gong Yan had customized for Xu Tui was a palm-sized thing. It was a dark blue hollow figure. It looked exactly like a doll when thrown out.

However, this thing was made of water. It was made with Solid Water Essence. It was not ice. It was water, but it was solid. It would usually appear in a supernova or the core of a White Dwarf that was about to die. It would not boil or evaporate under a thousand-degree temperature, much less lose any of it. Even if it was negative 100 degrees, it would not freeze.

Under normal circumstances, it would only appear on some planets that did not have any living conditions. For ordinary genetic newcomers, they would die immediately after entering. However, quasi-planetary-level or even planetary-level powerhouses could enter and exit to obtain precious materials. At the same size, using a special method to release water vapor could be multiplied.

!!

Gong Yan gave Xu Tui about 1,000 grams of solid water essence. According to him, it was worth at least 20,000 contribution points. Moreover, solid water essence could be exchanged for contribution points at any time. However, with contribution points, he might not be able to buy solid water essence.

The second reason why genetic armaments were powerful was the kinetic energy structure of the genetic chain.

The kinetic energy structure in every genetic ability chain was different. Different people had different kinetic energy structures within their genetic abilities chains. Most importantly, with the current level of technology, he could barely observe it.

However, Genetic Weapon Forging Masters, such as Master Gong Yan, could use his powerful mind power to reproduce the kinetic energy structure within the genetic ability chain through highly refined materials.

This was a genetic armament!

The characteristics were as follows:@@novelbin@@

1. The ability that was more suitable for a specific genetic ability chain.

2. The increase in power is even stronger.

3. It has a certain degree of encryption. If it was taken away by someone else, even if it could be used, it could only unleash a portion of its power.

4. Have a closer mental or power connection with the user.

The last point was especially important to Xu Tui. Under normal circumstances, if the flying sword was shot down or his mental connection with him was severed, he would have to establish a new connection through the mental chain.

However, there was no possibility of losing contact with a genetic armament that was custom-made for Xu Tui within the radius of his mental perception. Even if it was shot down, they could instantly reestablish contact through this special connection.

5. Genetic armaments can exist in many forms.

For example, other than Xu Tui’s main flying sword, the other four auxiliary flying swords had been designed by the extremely experienced Gong Yan into at least two or even three forms. It could play an extraordinary role under special circumstances and timing.

Xu Tui did not have the chance to participate in the forms of the flying sword. It was all Gong Yan’s plan.

Gong Yan said something to Xu Tui. “If you think that you have more ideas and experience than Mr. Shang, Old Ji, and Cheap Wan, then give me your opinion. Otherwise, shut up.”

Xu Tui could roughly tell that Gong Yan had a close relationship with the Genetic Miracle lineage. He seemed to have made a flying sword for Mr. Shang Long, Ji Guoliang, and He Yunfeng. That was why he had such a tone.

During the production process, Xu Tui needed to activate his mind power or related genetic ability chains to complete the forging of the genetic chain’s kinetic energy structure.

During the refinement process, Gong Yan would look at Xu Tui every time he activated his mind power or genetic ability chain.

Gong Yan finally let out a long sigh when he was refining the Mountain Flying Sword. “What a pity! What a pity!”

“Mr. Gong, what’s a pity?”

“With your current age and strength, your mind power can be said to be unique. Even I was inferior to you back then. What was even rarer was that your mental perception had mutated, and your perception level far exceeded most students. To put it simply, your foundation was born to refine genetic armaments. It’s a pity that you’re not a fire-type supernatural being.” Gong Yan sighed.

“Do I have to be a fire-type supernatural being to refine a genetic armament?”

“Yes!” Gong Yan nodded. “Mind power is the main force in refining genetic armaments. However, the softening and transformation of many materials require fire. Therefore, fire-type supernatural beings are the most suitable.

“If you were a fire-type supernatural being, I would snatch you over and take you in as a disciple even if I had to risk everything and be extorted by Old Ji and Cheap Wan,” Gong Yan said.

After he finished speaking, Gong Yan shook his head and smiled helplessly. He began to refine a genetic armament for Xu Tui again. There were always regrets in this world.

Gong Yan was very fast at refining genetic armaments, but it still took half an hour for a piece of weapon after the structural design was completed, the materials were in place, and the refiners cooperated.

Xu Tui only had three chances in name. However, in reality, Gong Yan had been entrusted by Ji Guoliang to refine a set of five flying swords. Then, because of the small purple lamp, he promised to get Xu Tui another water puppet doll.

There were a total of eight items.

Half a day passed. However, Gong Yan was still very excited. It was finally completed. It took a little effort. However, no matter how much effort he put in, it could not compare to his anticipation for the kinetic energy structure of the genetic chain inside the small purple lamp.

The products of the Spiritual Race were something he was looking forward to. It was just like how many handsome men looked forward to foreign cuties. It was just like on the horse track. The riders always liked to ride some rare breeds, such as oriental horses.

When he thought about how he could immediately start researching the genetic armament produced by the Spiritual Race, the fatigue he felt when he was refining genetic armaments for Xu Tui immediately disappeared.

Gong Yan rubbed the small purple lamp. Just as he was about to begin his systematic research, he suddenly realized that Xu Tui was still around. “You haven’t left yet. What’s the matter?”

“Mr. Gong, my teacher is already waiting outside the door,” Xu Tui said.

Gong Yan could not react in time. “Oh, your teacher is here to pick you up. Just follow her back. Tell her that I’ve completed Old Ji’s instructions.”

“Yes.” Xu Tui nodded, but he did not leave.

Gong Yan, who was a little anxious, was puzzled. “Is there anything else?”

“Yes, Mr. Gong. You promised me before.”

“Oh? What did I promise?” Gong Yan still could not react.

“You promised to help my teacher, An Xiaoxue, refine two genetic armaments,” Xu Tui added.

At that moment, Gong Yan was a little dazed. “Two items?”

“That’s right.” Xu Tui answered confidently.

Gong Yan could not remember clearly. He seemed to have agreed to two things. However, based on his mental perception and Xu Tui’s confident appearance, there should be two items.

“Now? Aren’t you a little anxious?” Gong Yan, who had reacted, was a little anxious. Firstly, he was a little tired. Secondly, he was anxious to study the purple lamp.

“Mr. Gong, my little purple lamp is already in your hands,” Xu Tui said tactfully.

Instantly, Gong Yan felt a little ashamed. That’s right. Xu Tui had already given such a precious treasure to him for research. He had handed it over to him. Even the conditions had been raised later.

At this moment, he was still conflicted about the time he needed to refine a genetic armament for Xu Tui’s teacher, An Xiaoxue. He felt a little ashamed as a teacher. This method was worse than that of a child.

After a series of mental struggles and self-criticism, Gong Yan quickly said, “Then get your teacher to come in. Two items.”

“Alright, Mr. Gong.” Xu Tui took his genetic armament and left happily.

An Xiaoxue was waiting outside the door with a surprised expression. Xu Tui asked her to come over. She did not understand what Xu Tui wanted to do. However, Xu Tui insisted. So she came over.

“Miss An, you’ve just advanced to the Genetic Evolution Realm. Your genetic armament needs to be enhanced accordingly. Mr. Gong is a good person. He agreed to help you forge two genetic armaments. Just state your request,” Xu Tui said.

“Elder Gong’s going to forge two more genetic armaments for me?” An Xiaoxue hesitated when she heard that. “I’m afraid I don’t have that many contribution points to pay. Elder Gong’s price to the outside world is 50,000 contribution points. It depends on his mood.”

Two times was 100,000 contribution points. An Xiaoxue really could not afford it.

“There’s no need for contribution points, Miss An. I’ve already taken care of it. Go ahead and enter.”

“No contribution points?”

“That’s right! Hey, Miss An, why are you thinking so much? Would I harm you?” As he spoke, Xu Tui, who was a little dissatisfied, placed his hands on An Xiaoxue’s shoulders and pushed her toward Gong Yan’s quiet room.

An Xiaoxue’s delicate body trembled slightly. Her mind power swayed slightly before dissipating. Xu Tui, who was pushing An Xiaoxue into the quiet room, gently sniffed his fingertips. There was a faint fragrance of her hair.

…

Gong Yan had refined a total of eight genetic armaments for Xu Tui. However, in reality, Xu Tui did not spend much. A total of 63 grams of Origin Crystals and more than 30,000 contribution points. The total expenses were only 100,000 contribution points.

Of course, the main reason was that the two teachers of the Genetic Miracle, who had obtained the main ingredients, had already sent them over.

For example, the main ingredient of the flying sword and the mind power enhancement necklace. Especially that 6.1-gram mind power crystal. It could be said to be extremely precious.

Before Xu Tui invented the method of borrowing a useless mind power Origin Crystal to absorb energy, a gram of mind power Origin Crystal was equivalent to about 2,000 contribution points.

Every time the size of an Origin Crystal doubled, the price would also double. Even before it was distributed, 6.1-grams of mind power Origin Crystal required more than 60,000 contribution points. But now, mind power Origin Crystals were extremely scarce. Even the smaller gram of mind power Origin Crystals cost more than 5,000 contribution points.

To be honest, the gifts from the two teachers were extremely valuable.

As Xu Tui completed the refinement of his genetic armaments, it also meant that the Blue Star Genetic Committee had completed the commendation and rewards for the elite students in this year’s Mars actual combat.

The first-year students who were participating in the battle for the first time were all eager to return.

Therefore, the date of return was set. On the 21st of February, all the elite students who participated in the battle returned.

Students from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College were exceptions. They could freely choose whether or not they wanted to return to the Blue Star.