Chapter 650 - 650 Choice

650 Choice

Year 2138 was actually the harvest year of the Huaxia Sector.

The Blue Star Genetic Committee only gave out a total of eight opportunities for Genetic Weapon Forging Masters every year through the Mars battlefield battle merit rankings.

Everyone in the top three of the Overall Individual Combat Merits List had one chance. The first and second place of the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings had two chances each, and the third place had one chance.

Basically, as long as one did not have a Genetic Weapon Forging Master at home, they would choose the reward for the Genetic Weapon Forging Master.

In the past, the elite students of the various sectors would split the eight spots. It was rare for one alliance to obtain more than three spots. However, this year, the Huaxia Sector had taken up five spots. Then, two for the European Sector and one for the Russian Federation. Among those five spots, Xu Tui had taken up three of them.

The Genetic Weapon Forging Masters who had been invited also arrived at the moon on time. At this moment, the elite students who were qualified to invite these masters were waiting.

However, only Xu Tui, Li Zhouchen, and Dan Li were waiting. The others all went in. There were a total of three Genetic Weapon Forging Masters. These three Genetic Weapon Forging Masters were also from the Huaxia Sector, the European Sector, and the Russian Federation. The camp was very obvious.

Genetic armament research had no borders, but masters and students did. It was impossible to hand over genetic armaments that affected a student’s strength or even their life and death to the masters in the other alliances to study and forge. After all, during the research process, everything about the student would be presented to the Genetic Weapon Forging Master.

The Huaxia Sector’s weapons were undertaken by the Genetic Weapon Forging Master, Gong Yan. In any case, it was fine if one sheep came or three sheep came. Every time he makes a weapon, he would receive 10,000 contribution points from the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

Usually, masters who conducted research on genetic armaments were relatively short of money. After all, research resources were always lacking.

To be honest, waiting was rather boring. Unfortunately, the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, was like a pine tree. He stood upright in front of Xu Tui and had no intention of communicating with him.

Xu Tui could only feel bored.

“Xu Tui, can I add your contact?” Dan Li, the number one expert in the European Sector, greeted Xu Tui in fluent Huaxia.

“Of course.” Xu Tui was very willing to make friends. That was probably what the circle meant. Only when one’s strength reached a certain level would the corresponding circle take the initiative to open up to you. Otherwise, they would only be used as decorations.

“Xu Tui, it’s a pity that I didn’t participate in the battle when I saw you fight Yanzi that day. What do you think of the guards of the Spiritual Race and that Yanzi? What do you think the Spiritual Race’s weakness is?” Dan li started chatting with Xu Tui.

“The Spiritual Race. I feel that their mind power is very powerful. It will be a little difficult to deal with them.”

In front of him, Li Zhouchen, who was as straight as a pine tree, twitched his ears slightly.

“It’s a pity that I couldn’t participate in the battle! What about their weakness?”

“Weakness? Close combat! I felt that they were a little like strengthened versions of human supernatural beings. Of course, Yanzi is an exception,” Xu Tui said.

Dan Li nodded gently. “Then in your opinion, if I were to fight that Yanzi alone, would I have a chance of winning?”

“Win?” Xu Tui’s tone was filled with doubt.

Dan Li, who could hear the doubt in Xu Tui’s tone, felt a little awkward. “If I can’t win, how long do you think I can last against Yanzi?” After saying that, Dan Li added, “My strength is about the same as Brother Li. Of course, I’m a little weaker than him.” The Brother Li that Dan Li was referring to was naturally Li Zhouchen.

Li Zhouchen’s ears twitched again. Xu Tui remained silent.

Dan Li looked at Xu Tui sincerely. “Tell me directly. I’m just a little curious.”@@novelbin@@

“Ten seconds?”

Dan Li: “…”

In front of him, Li Zhouchen, who was standing upright, lowered his eyes slightly and let out an extremely soft snort. Hmph! He, Li Zhouchen, could only last ten seconds? But you, Xu Tui, could kill Yanzi? What do you mean?

Dan Li’s smile was also a little awkward. Was the young man in front of him too arrogant or too straightforward?

“Yes, I’m talking about when you’re facing Yanzi alone.” Xu Tui’s words made Dan Li feel much better.

Facing it alone. Xu Tui and the others were attacking in groups.

“By the way, Xu Tui, how long can you last if you face Yanzi alone?” Dan Li asked curiously.

Xu Tui thought about it for three seconds. “Eleven seconds!”

Dan Li: “…”

Li Zhouchen: “…”

They would die if they faced Yanzi alone. Why could they only last for 10 seconds while Xu Tui could last 11 seconds? This was a disguised way of saying that they were weak. How shameless!

A few minutes later, Zhao Hailong, who was the first to enter the Huaxia Sector, came out.

“Next, which one of you will come?” The assistant guarding the door asked.

Li Zhouchen had no intention of making way. He took a step forward. Xu Tui’s words almost made him bend his waist.

“Senior Li, you first. I have three times. I’ll do it last.”

Li Zhouchen stopped in his tracks. Why did those words sound so infuriating? Then, he walked in without looking back.

Zhao Hailong waved the spear in his hand at Xu Tui excitedly.

“You modified your silver spear?”

“A master is a master. Look.” Zhao Hailong excitedly pushed the silver spear in his hand toward Xu Tui. In an instant, the silver spear turned into an extremely thick arm shield that protected him.

Zhao Hailong drew his bow. He spread out his fingers, and the arm shield instantly turned into a spear in a ball of silver light. With another flash, it turned into a huge tower shield that was as tall as a person. It protected Zhao Hailong.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. “Three forms? Your spear has three forms!”

Zhao Hailong shook his head at Xu Tui and extended four fingers. “Four forms.”

“What’s the fourth one?”

Hearing this, Zhao Hailong looked at Dan Li and chuckled at Xu Tui. “I’ll show you when I have the chance in the future. I’ll get going first. Wait patiently.”

Dan Li looked depressed. Damn it, they were clearly guarding against him! He did not want him to know about the fourth form! Of course, the form of a genetic weapon was also the ultimate secret of a genetic cultivator. It would not be easily exposed.

Xu Tui was the last to enter. He was slightly stunned when he saw Gong Yan.

The Genetic Weapon Forging Master that Xu Tui had imagined, Gong Yan, should be a majestic master. However, he was actually a very skinny old man. The only characteristic of the little old man sitting barefoot on the bamboo mat was that his eyes were very bright and he was very skinny. However, his limbs were especially wide.

“Greetings, Mr. Gong.” Xu Tui quickly went forward to greet him.

“Yes, Xu Tui, right? Sit! There were actually students who had obtained two forging opportunities in the past. You are the first student to obtain three forging opportunities a year in the 70 years since the Mars Battlefield started!” Gong Yan spoke in a casual tone. He brushed his fingers across the transparent teapot in front of him. The white water in the teapot suddenly boiled.

Gong Yan brewed a pot of tea in front of Xu Tui. The curled green leaves in the transparent tea set began to roll.

“Did you find anything?” Gong Yan suddenly asked.

“Mr. Gong, the supernatural power you used just now can be ignored, but it instantly boiled a pot of water. It seems that your little bit of power is just a catalyst,” Xu Tui said.

“Anything else?”

“The rolling of the green leaves in the pot seems to have been guided by your mind power?” Xu Tui said hesitantly.

Gong Yan glanced at Xu Tui and poured him a cup of tea. Xu Tui quickly thanked him.

“Your mind power should be stronger than what Old Ji said.” Gong Yan continued, “Old Ji has already told me about your situation. Since you major in the Thousand Miles Sword Technique, you will definitely have a set of flying swords. I promised Old Ji to refine a set of flying swords for you. He said that the main materials had been prepared. As for the rest, I’ll order someone to retrieve them. You can pay with your contribution points. Tell me about your request.”

The requirements of the flying sword were actually very simple. It had to be hard! It had to be hard enough! It has to be compatible with Xu Tui’s mind power.

“Mr. Gong, I need one main and four supportive swords. A total of five flying swords. It’s best if the size and weight of the five flying swords are the same. I hope it’s a little bigger.” Xu Tui made a request.

“Bigger?” Gong Yan was a little surprised by this request.

“If the flying sword is larger, I might be able to fly on it,” Xu Tui said.

“Fly on a sword?” Gong Yan was slightly stunned. A smile appeared on his face. “It looks like another person from your Genetic Miracle likes to show off.”

Xu Tui: “…”

“Is there anyone else? Anything related to function requirements?”

“That’s all.”

“Okay, one main and four supports. Other than the main flying sword, the other flying swords will have two to three forms. Old Ji and the others have studied these more thoroughly than you. You can figure it out yourself after you’re done,” Gong Yan said.

An Xiaoxue had told Xu Tui about this in advance. He quickly took out the materials that the teachers had prepared. For example, Level B Mechanical Spiritual Gold Essence! Mechanical Spirit Gold Essence was a Mechanical Spirit Alloy that had been purified at a high temperature of more than 10,000 degrees.

All the Mechanical Spirit Alloy had to be purified and completely removed the Mechanical Spirit’s mark inside before it could be used. Under normal circumstances, the ratio of this quenching was 10 to 1, or even more!

“As I need your mental mark, I’ll refine it all at once after I come up with a plan,” Gong Yan said. “There’s nothing much to discuss about the second genetic weapon. It’s mainly used to increase your mind power. After all, mind power was the foundation of everything. I will do my best to strengthen you on the basis of the raw materials. What form do you choose? A necklace, a ring, or an earring? Or a more non-mainstream nose ring, a tongue ring?” Gong Yan asked.

Xu Tui skipped over the nasal and tongue rings. He could admire these things, but he could not accept them. “Mr. Gong, let’s go with the necklace.” Xu Tui made his choice. He felt that the probability of losing the earring was higher. The ring was a little far from his head, although this distance did not affect his power.

But Xu Tui still chose the necklace.

“Alright, let’s talk about the third item! You can choose your third genetic armament freely. Now, if you have any thoughts, you can tell me!” Gong Yan said.