Chapter 657 - 657 Another Invitation

657 Another Invitation

“Brother Shi, didn’t you say that you wanted to contact me in the extra-terrestrial? Didn’t you want to discuss joining The Myth with me? Why didn’t I even see your shadow in the Extra-terrestrial? I didn’t even receive a message from you. You’re not honest.”

Xu Tui made fun of Shi Hong the moment they met.

Shi Hong quickly stood up and invited Xu Tui to sit down with a bitter smile. He was not in a hurry to speak. Instead, he took out an exquisite subatomic particle wave generator and showed it to Xu Tui. Xu Tui nodded slightly before he turned on the subatomic particle wave generator and placed it aside.

Not only could the chaotic particles produced by the subatomic particle wave generator isolate sound from both inside and outside, but it could also invalidate any recording equipment that humans knew about.

!!

Xu Tui sighed softly in his heart. This was probably another form of improvement. A few months ago, when Xu Tui first met Shi Hong, a Genetic Evolution Realm expert, in the Dong’an Ridge area, Shi Hong had been in high spirits. Other than being careful, Xu Tui and the others could only look up to him.

Now, Shi Hong has not changed. Xu Tui was the one who had changed. However, the situation between Shi Hong and Xu Tui had changed.

Equality! Or rather, Shi Hong was already in a weak position in front of Xu Tui.

“Oh, you sure are careful,” Xu Tui teased when he saw Shi Hong’s expression.

“Sigh, I couldn’t be careless. I said something wrong after I was drunk in the past and was blacklisted by the Special Intelligence Division. Over the past year, I didn’t even dare to enter the Capital. Recently, a big shot in the organization had spoken up for me and resolved this problem. Otherwise, I wouldn’t dare to come to the Capital,” Shi Hong explained.

“Oh, there’s someone in The Myth who can influence the Special Intelligence Division, or rather, someone in the higher-ups of the Special Intelligence Division was a member of The Myth?” Xu Tui asked.

Shi Hong chuckled. “I’ll be arrogant and call you Brother Xu. Look, don’t get information out of me. The Myth is a public welfare organization. There’s nothing to hide about the identity of our members. However, the identity of the higher-ups in the organization is still not public.”

Shi Hong did not say much about this matter. Instead, he explained that he had not contacted Xu Tui at the moon base. “Actually, I’ve been staying at the Moon base. I even took advantage of your good fortune to sell three of the four mind power Origin Crystals I had in my hands when the price of mind power Origin Crystals soared. Sigh, I regret it to death now!”

Xu Tui also laughed when he heard that. “How much did you sell it for?”

“One gram for five grams!”

“You didn’t lose out. You took advantage of the situation and made a killing.”

“I made a loss! Now, be it the various underground markets on the Blue Star or the extraterrestrial resource markets, The merchant’s purchase price had reached 1:7. If there was a chance occasionally, some exchanged one gram for ten grams.”

“That high?” One gram for ten grams. This price shocked Xu Tui.

“The price will be even crazier before the actual combat on Mars next year!”

Xu Tui nodded, agreeing with Shi Hong’s judgment.

“Look, how terrifying is your influence? I wanted to contact you after you returned to the moon from Mars. After all, those few days were very relaxing. However, the Huaxia Sector’s protection for you is too good.

“The sentries on duty in your residential area have been changed to Genetic Evolution Realm experts. There are additional sentries around your dormitory. One of them is even at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. I didn’t dare to look for you at all. That’s why I didn’t contact you on my own,” Shi Hong said.

Xu Tui was shocked. The sentries around him had all been changed to the Genetic Evolution Realm? There were also Genetic Transmutation Realm sentries?

Xu Tui did not notice this. He knew about the sentries. He could see them every day when he went out or ate when he returned to the Moon base. However, he did not notice that because of him, the sentries had all been changed to the Genetic Evolution Realm and the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought. He looked out the door. “What about now?”

“Anyway, I didn’t notice it with my abilities.” Shi Hong glanced outside the door and shook his head. “The Blue Star is not as complicated and ever-changing as the Extra-terrestrial. I don’t think so.”

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. Even though he understood that this protection was kind, it still made him uncomfortable to be watched at all times.

“Brother Xu, since we’ve met today, why don’t you take the opportunity to join The Myth? It’ll also allow me to complete my performance. Perhaps I can use you to be promoted?” Shi Hong went straight to the point.

“I naturally have to join The Myth when I meet you. However, I also want to see The Myth’s sincerity,” Xu Tui said.

Shi Hong smiled when he heard this. “Koopman and Brother Sha have already specially mentioned this in the higher-ups. The cooperation you did previously can be directly regarded as a contribution. Therefore, I came prepared this time. Look, this is the list.” Shi Hong projected a list.

As expected, Koopman was a high-ranking member of The Myth. However, he did not know if Koopman was one of the top people in The Myth, or…

“Become a Mythical Legend directly? What does that mean?” Xu Tui did not understand as he looked at the projection.

“The member levels in The Myth are also divided according to the current general level. Level F members are members on probation, above that are Level E, Level D, Level C, Level B, and Level A.

“Different levels would enjoy different rights and benefits. Among them, Level B and Level A members had a certain status both inside and outside the organization. They would usually choose a code name for communication and identity. This code name was originally taken from the mythical history of the various races on the Blue Star.

“This is also the source of our legend,” Shi Hong said.

“Any code name?”

“Other than some titles with special meaning, such as Zeus or Pangu in the ancient myths of Huaxia, you can choose anything else. The lowest Mythical Legend was Level B. In other words, if you join The Myth now, you will directly become a Level B member with a Mythical Legend title,” Shi Hong said.

“In addition, I have a set of information here for you to study and choose from.”@@novelbin@@

“What do you need me to do?” There was never anything in this world that did not pay a price.

“According to the rules, a Level B member with Mythical Legend has to complete a Level B commission every two years. Otherwise, they will be demoted.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. “What about the information rights?”

“You can look at anything below Level B!” Shi Hong said.

“So, with a Level B database, there will be a Level A database?”

“Yes, there is! Moreover, there is a Level S database above Level A,” Shi Hong said.

“What if I want to see the materials in the Level S database?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“That won’t do. That’s the rule!” Shi Hong refused.

“What if I say that this is my condition for joining The Myth?” Xu Tui asked.

Shi Hong was stunned. Then, he smiled bitterly. “Brother Xu, can we change the condition? Even if I agree to this, it won’t be able to pass. It also means that my mission has failed.”

“Are you that sure?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“Let me put it this way. Usually, even other Level A or Level B Mythical Legend members would have to pay a certain price to check the relevant database. They also had to specify the relevant entries. It’s not like the entire database is for you to look at. That was impossible! Whether it’s Apollo, Thor, or the Pagoda-Bearing Heavenly King, they are not qualified.” Shi Hong smiled bitterly.

“Specified entries?” Xu Tui had a thought. Finding information was also Xu Tui’s main goal for meeting Shi Hong today. “What’s the price to pay to read the information of a specified entry in The Myth?”

“Looking up Level B is a Level B contribution point. Usually, you can obtain one to several Level B contribution points after completing a Level B commission,” Shi Hong said.

Xu Tui roughly understood why Shi Hong was in a difficult position. “How about this? My condition is to check the information of a specified entry.”

“What entry?” Shi Hong asked.

“The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization!”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Shi Hong. “Why do you want to see them?”

“They are constantly targeting me. I want to find the reason,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Can’t you find out, or?”

Xu Tui did not say some things. If The Myth could not find information about the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization or did not make it public, could Xu Tui determine that The Myth was related to the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization or even colluded with them? In that case, Xu Tui would have to reconsider his attitude toward The Myth.

“This… I can’t make the decision. I need to report it and ask the higher-ups to study it.”

“Alright, I’ll wait.”

“It might take a few days.”

“It’s fine. I’m not in a hurry.”

…

In the next few days, Xu Tui continued to perfect the genetic ability chain that he had expanded because of the genetic fluctuations in the extra-terrestrial.

For example, he could strengthen the newly added genetic base points in the Stab Formula and mental perception to Level 2 Silver. He felt a little obsessive-compulsive. Otherwise, it would be extremely uncomfortable to see a few Level 1 white Genetic Base Points in a Level 2 Silver Genetic Ability Chain.

Xu Tui kept digesting his gains from the extra-terrestrial. At the same time, he took advantage of these few days to complete another move for his parents. For parents who liked stability, they were not too happy to move away after staying for a short time.

However, they heard that they were moving directly to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s residential area. The people living there were all great professors. If Xu Tui wanted to ask for guidance on his studies, he could just go to his neighbor’s house. They were immediately happy.

The housing that Wen Xinglun had given Xu Tui in the family area surprised him. It was a villa. At the townhouse. It was not big. The three floors were only about 200 square meters, but they each had a small courtyard.

Not only did Xu Tui’s parents love it, but Xu Tui also loved it. This was definitely a super luxurious gift in the Capital where every inch of land was worth a fortune. This was especially so for locations that could not be bought with money.

After a simple cleaning up, Xu Tui’s parents moved into the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s residential area.

At the same time, Xu Tui had also published a few important papers in the Blue Star Genetic Committee over the past few days.

“The Efficiency of Absorbing Origin Energy Using a Transit Device”

“The Effect of Direct Absorption of Origin Energy on the Genetic Ability Chain”

“The Method and Expansion of Training Multiple Genetic Ability Chains When Absorbing Origin Energy”

Xu Tui published three major papers in a row. Moreover, the thesis was filled with information.

Xu Tui was not making this up. It was his first research and exchange of information. As soon as it was released, it occupied the home page of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the genetic journals of the various genetic committees.

In less than a day, Xu Tui had become the most popular figure in the genetic research world.

The day after the publication of these three major papers, Xu Tui received requests for academic reports and discussion meetings from the various sectors and genetic evolution colleges.

Three days after the thesis was published, a smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he received an invitation to the academic report seminar of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Evolution College.

The first step of the plan was achieved.