Chapter 658 - 658 Pioneer Raiders

658 Pioneer Raiders

At noon on the 27th of February, Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang carried some gifts and fruits to visit Luo Shifeng’s mother. The old lady still had not completely recovered from the pain of losing her son. She had a dejected expression and was not in a good mood to chat.

Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang left after chatting for a while.

“Old Zhuang, come over a few more times when you’re free. Talk to the old lady and relax. Pay attention to her life and health.” Xu Tui’s mood was a little heavy on the way back.

“Brother Xu, don’t worry. I basically come over every two days to deliver some fruits, vegetables, and so on. Sometimes, I even bring some of the old people’s favorites,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“Okay, it’s been hard on you.

“By the way, has my company lost money?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s expression darkened slightly. “After the topic became popular, fewer advertisers came to look for me. However, there’s not much loss as there’s not much spending.”

“Okay, stop the advertising business. In the future, the company’s main matters will be to handle private matters for me, including the purchase of supplies. Set your salary as well. After that, I’ll transfer a sum of money to the company’s account. You’ll be paid regularly. Just make the accounts. I’ll leave the trivial matters of visiting Mother Luo to you.” Xu Tui voiced the decision that he had been considering for several days.

His future should be in the extra-terrestrial. However, the Blue Star also had something that he could not let go of. He felt much more at ease with someone he trusted taking care of him. As for funds, they were no longer a problem for Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, there’s no need for your salary…”

“If you want to be your girlfriend’s ex-boyfriend, you can insist.”

Zhuang Ziqiang: “…”

“How are the Origin Crystals I sold a few days ago and the resources I bought?”

“The Origin Crystals have been sold. This thing was very popular on the Blue Star. Especially when they were trading in cash.

“The official price of one gram of Origin Crystal was 1,000 contribution points. The price in the extraterrestrial exceeded 2,000. It even exceeded 3,000 in the Blue Star. The price of one contribution point in the black market exceeded 2,000 yuan. It could even reach 3,000.

“You sold 10 grams of Origin Crystals. It was a scarce item on the Blue Star. The overall premium was 100 million in cash. However, recently, you have been procuring the resources you want, especially those top-notch chips and quantum computer accessories. They are also very expensive.

“Currently, there is still 10 million yuan in the company’s account. Some of the supplies we bought have already arrived. The rest will be here in two days.”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that.

…

Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Mystery Branch Office Building.

Wen Shao looked at the pile of academic invitations that he had received. His expression froze, and his gaze was extremely complicated. Within two days, the Mystery Branch had already received 11 invitations to the academic conference for Xu Tui.

As Xu Tui was still a freshman at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the invitation was sent to the Mystery Branch. In the end, it fell into the hands of a director like Wen Shao.

These invitations made Wen Shao have a complicated expression.

Wen Shao had been looking at it all morning. He might be a little envious or even jealous, but Wen Shao had more thoughts about himself. After a long time, Wen Shao suddenly gritted his teeth and made a final decision. He stood up and knocked on the door of Zheng Shaohong’s office.

“Come in.”

Zheng Shaohong flipped through the thick stack of letters that Wen Shao had brought in and placed on his desk. He frowned slightly. This was an invitation to Xu Tui to do an academic report.

Under normal circumstances, only highly respected professors who had made major achievements could be invited to do an academic report. It was an invitation from many genetic evolution universities.

Wen Shao, a professor, did not receive a similar invitation, but a student did. Zheng Shaohong could imagine that his student, Wen Shao, would not feel good. Especially since it was related to Xu Tui.

“You have an idea? Tell me about it.” Zheng Shaohong laughed.

“Lijun has lost his position as a second-year Dragon,” Wen Shao suddenly said.

This train of thought was a little too fast for Zheng Shaohong to react. “Hmm?” He turned around.

“An Xiaoxue has officially broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm,” Wen Shao said calmly.

“You fought?” Zheng Shaohong asked.

An Xiaoxue could be considered Wen Shao’s competitor. Originally, Wen Shao was the youngest and strongest professor in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. After that, An Xiaoxue’s rise had overshadowed Wen Shao.

Wen Shao shook his head. “I wasn’t confident before. Now, I don’t even have the confidence to fight.”

“That can’t be, right? You and her were equally strong in the past.” Zheng Shaohong frowned.

“I went to look for her and wanted to fight her. However, just a look from her made me not have the confidence to speak.”

“A look?”

“I don’t feel good.”

Zheng Shaohong paused for a moment and consoled his disciple, “Wen Shao, remember, the commander of the army may be carried off, but the will of even a common man cannot be taken from him. You can’t…”

“Teacher, I’ve decided.” Wen Shao interrupted Zheng Shaohong’s lecture.

“Decided what?”

“Teacher, I want to join the Extra-terrestrial’s Pioneer Raiders.”

Zheng Shaohong frowned. He knew what the Pioneer Raiders were. The newly discovered quantum portal on Mars was being organized within the various sectors to recruit elites from all walks of life.

“Teacher, I’ve been too comfortable these few years! The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was indeed a large river that could produce a dragon. But it would only produce a flood dragon. I was too narrow-minded. I actually spent the past few years on my so-called position and power. Even if I got my wish, I would still become a shrimp and crab!

“The journey of genetic newcomers was the extra-terrestrial and the galaxy. That was the place where river dragons transformed into dragons. When one returns as the dragon, the weather will definitely change.” After saying that, Wen Shao added, “Just like Xu Tui.”

Zheng Shaohong stared at Wen Shao with a complicated expression. “Have you decided? It can be said that the Pioneer Raiders have a slim chance of survival! There are death row prisoners scouting the way. If not, then you will definitely die!” Zheng Shaohong said sternly.

“So what if I narrowly escaped death? I want to transform into a dragon!” At this moment, Wen Shao’s tone became unprecedented.

Zheng Shaohong looked at Wen Shao in a daze. After a while, he nodded slightly. “Since you’ve decided, go. Come to me before you leave. I’ll prepare something for you to save your life. In addition, there’s still some time before the reclamation. Take this time to study more survival and life-saving abilities and tactics.” Zheng Shaohong waved his hand.

“Thank you, Teacher.” Wen Shao bowed to Zheng Shaohong and turned to leave. He went straight to register for the Pioneer Raiders.

In the office, Zheng Shaohong sat in a daze. Wen Shao was talking about himself. However, Zheng Shaohong’s cheeks burned as he listened. It seemed that his judgment had become too shallow.@@novelbin@@

…

There was another new member in the Research Institute Number 14. This new member was naturally Mr. Bian Yuan, who had successfully repaired the Great Genetic Ability Chain. In the past, Mr. Bian Yuan had stayed at the Research Institute Number 14.

Later on, because his mind power was basically crippled and he could not do any research, he left. Now, not only had he returned, but An Xiaoxue had also applied for a junior researcher position for Bian Yuan. He could receive an additional 20,000 yuan a month from the Research Institute Number 14.

As soon as the salary of the school’s junior lecturer was stacked, Mr. Bian Yuan immediately showed signs of becoming tall, rich, and handsome.

This was especially so after he returned from the extra-terrestrial. Mr. Bian Yuan sold one gram of Origin Crystals through Xu Tui and bought a small two-bedroom apartment on the spot. He immediately became popular.

Mr. Bian Yuan’s ex-girlfriend Heru had been contacting Bian Yuan more frequently recently. She would call Bian Yuan every day. She either cooked or invited him to the movies. There were all kinds of invitations.

Xu Tui could only smile at this. How he chose was Mr. Bian’s business.

Xu Tui was still single. He had only held An Xiaoxue’s hand once. It had not happened a second time.

“Ah Huang, how’s the strengthening of your computing power?” Xu Tui asked directly when he arrived at his research room in Research Institute No. 14.

“All the components have been preliminarily installed and are being written into the main program. After the replication chip is in place, its computing power should be about the same as the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s super quantum computer, Shennong.

“However, Xu Tui, I have to remind you. Currently, the computing processing center that you have built for me is only effective on the Blue Star. After leaving the Blue Star, this computing power will be lost. If you want to strengthen my core computing ability, you have to first continue to expand my main body, and secondly, obtain some futuristic technology,” Ah Huang said.

“Your main body is in a satellite-shaped meteorite in the solar system. Even if I buy all kinds of accessories for you now, how can I transport them over? Are you going to blow it over?” Xu Tui said angrily.

“You can contact Old Ji. He has the ability.”

“I don’t have time now. Maybe later!”

“Alright.”

“How’s the preparation for the bionic skin I asked for?” Xu Tui asked again.

“I’ve already prepared 10 sets according to the relevant information. I’ve completed all of them and made a backup body. I’ve also completed the relevant set of electronic identity information. They’re all legal identities.

“Moreover, it was made with the cloning equipment of our Research Institute Number 14. With a special elixir, it can grow directly on your face. I guarantee that other than the security equipment that checks for genetic information, the other electronic inspection equipment will definitely not detect any abnormalities,” Ah Huang said.

“How long until the hacking of the super quantum computer in Sing-Malaysia Sector is completed? I’ve already received an invitation today. I need a precise time and then decide on the time to set off,” Xu Tui asked.

“The peripheral data chain intrusion has been completed. I am setting up an anti-tracking node. It is estimated that it will take another two days.

“In addition, the core database can’t be invaded. It’s estimated that in two days, I can only use the public data and the personal information of most ordinary residents in the Sing-Malaysia Sector,” Ah Huang said.

“What about the information about Li Jin, the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee? How’s the collection going?” Xu Tui asked.

“Other than public information, we can’t find any other information about Li Jin. However, I’ve gathered information about some people related to him. Of course, it’s also limited,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. Now, it all depended on whether The Myth could surprise Xu Tui. It would be best if there was. If he could not, Xu Tui’s next actions might become more difficult.