Chapter 668 - 668 The Cruelty After Awakening

668 The Cruelty After Awakening

After a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was killed, they could use the condensation method to condense Origin Crystals. Origin Crystals condensed from the bodies of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were more valuable. Especially mind power Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui had killed three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in today’s battle. He naturally could not waste it. He could try out the new condensation method.

Bang!

Under the invisible compression of Xu Tui’s mind power, the corpse of the water-type supernatural being exploded into countless even-sized fragments. Three points of light quickly condensed under the condensation of Xu Tui’s mind power.

Xu Tui was stunned. This scene was a little bloody. It was no wonder that Miss An did not teach him this condensation technique previously. The condensation technique of Genetic Miracles was a little more shocking when used. On the other hand, Old Sha’s technique was clean and efficient. To be precise, Old Sha’s condensation technique was actually completed with his water-type superpower.

If he had a fire-type superpower, he might have made it very clean. Of course, it was also possible that Xu Tui’s current level was not high enough.

The first Genetic Transmutation Realm water-type supernatural being contributed two water-type Origin Crystals, and one mind power Origin Crystal that was not big, about a gram. Although Xu Tui was not a clean freak, it was not his style to make the scene bloody.

The water puppet hugged the Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm expert and used the condensation technique again. This time, the exploded flesh was bound together by the power of the water puppet. Two Energy Field Origin Crystals appeared. Then, the water puppet picked up Li Zifeng’s corpse.

Xu Tui heard extremely heavy breathing the moment he picked him up. It was from the trapped Li Jin.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He could condense it within half an hour of the death of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

“Miss An, help me stand guard. Ah Huang, monitor the surroundings. Inform me immediately if there are any abnormalities or people approaching.” Xu Tui sent a message with his consciousness.

Xu Tui could see An Xiaoxue, who had also disguised herself outside the villa, nodding quietly.

Xu Tui was very careful when dealing with a powerhouse like Li Jin. Before the matter was over, it was better for An Xiaoxue to stay in the dark.

“Director Li, does it feel good to watch a friend die?” Xu Tui moved closer to the earth spike cage. His expression was a little ferocious. He tore off the mental protection necklace hanging on Li Jin’s chest.

The grief in Li Jin’s eyes dissipated bit by bit. As a top politician, there was such a thing as feelings. However, it would not occupy his main thoughts. It would only drift past like the wind. There were only four words occupying his mind—a game of benefits!

“I know who you are, Xu Tui! Who’s outside? An Xiaoxue, or Ji Qianli? It should be An Xiaoxue. If Ji Qianli was here, you wouldn’t need such a complicated design. I didn’t expect that I would be overturned by a student like you! Genius, as expected of a genius!”

As he praised, Li Jin quickly adjusted his emotions. In just a few words, all the grief disappeared. Li Zifeng’s death was as if it had never happened. Li Jin had already entered an extremely rational state and was negotiating terms with Xu Tui. “State your conditions! What do you want and what do you want to know? As long as you can guarantee that I’ll be safe, I’ll definitely satisfy you!”

Xu Tui suddenly laughed. There was a mocking smile on his face.

“Young man, the conditions I’m talking about might exceed your understanding. The wealth I can mobilize is completely beyond your imagination. For example, more than 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals and hundreds of billions of dollars. Of course, if you have any needs, I can help you arrange for the top female celebrities in the six major sectors of the Blue Star! Even if they don’t agree, I can help you arrange it.” Li Jin tried his best to tempt Xu Tui.@@novelbin@@

“Really?” Xu Tui looked tempted.

“Of course. As long as you can guarantee that I’m safe and sound, I can satisfy all of these conditions. Absolutely!” Li Jin was very happy when he saw that Xu Tui was moved. He quickly made a guarantee.

“Alright, then let me ask you first. Where’s Painted Skin? Where did that Painted Skin Feng Qian go? Answer me immediately.”

Xu Tui had already used Spiritual Resonance the moment he asked the question. He transmitted his feelings of wanting to know the whereabouts of Painted Skin Feng Qian to Li Jin. Almost at the same time, the advanced hypnosis and Spiritual radiation was activated.

Xu Tui began to observe Li Jin’s subconscious with his spiritual radiation. The questions that Xu Tui had asked about Painted Skin Feng Qian had already triggered Li Jin’s subconscious. He could see the relevant memories with his spiritual radiation.

From the beginning, Xu Tui did not want to take out any relevant information from Li Jin. He did not even want to negotiate with Li Jin. To be honest, would Xu Tui dare to believe the information coming from a politician like Li Jin? He did not dare! Perhaps there was a huge hole behind the information that could trick Xu Tui. It was impossible to negotiate with Li Jin.

Xu Tui had never imagined that he could deceive Li Jin. He could not deceive such a person. If they wanted to negotiate, they could only do it for real! If they really wanted to negotiate, it would be a doomed petition. A person like Li Jin would eat people if he let the tiger return to the mountain.

Xu Tui had decided to use his related abilities to obtain information from the beginning. And his plan had succeeded.

The topic of Painted Skin Feng Qian had indeed evoked Li Jin’s relevant memories. Xu Tui also used his spiritual radiation to see the relevant images of Painted Skin Feng Qian. However, there was no trace of Painted Skin Feng Qian in Li Jin’s memories.

Xu Tui thought about it and used his Spiritual Concealment ability. Actually, it was just like an illusion. Xu Tui thought for a few minutes before he began to use Spiritual Concealment to guide the illusion. He might only have one chance. Xu Tui had to be careful.

The illusion of Spiritual Concealment was not created out of thin air. Instead, it was achieved by using the memories or thoughts of the target. The closer he got to the current memory, the higher the success rate. The older the memory, the harder it was to succeed. Moreover, the factors that affected success were extremely complicated. That included the target’s mental state.

Overall, Xu Tui made use of the current situation to create an illusion that he had successfully negotiated with Li Jin. In Li Jin’s mind, Xu Tui had already made all kinds of promises according to his request. He promised to let him leave alive. At the same time, Xu Tui also proposed a trade condition. 500 grams of Origin Crystal. Five billion in cash. There was also all the relevant information about Painted Skin Feng Qian.

Because of this illusion, Li Jin, who had been hypnotized by the advanced level, even had a relaxed smile on his face. He would be successful if he could survive. He will have plenty of opportunities in the future! However, at this moment, Li Jin had no idea that he was in a dream.

Li Jin really did not know where Painted Skin Feng Qian was. However, Li Jin knew that Painted Skin Feng Qian was a core member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Her level should be higher than Director Zheng Jian, who had been exposed previously.

Li Jin had connections with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization and had dealt with them more than once.

“Are you saying that your Sing-Malaysia Sector once bought a few advanced technologies from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization?”

“That’s right. The core information of the few advanced technologies that our Sing-Malaysia Sector has invented over the years was bought from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. It can also be said to be alien technology!” Li Jin, who had no idea that he was hypnotized and in an illusory state, answered Xu Tui’s questions very quickly.

Xu Tui also used his spiritual resonance to monitor Li Jin’s mental state. A well-trained existence with powerful mind power could lie even under hypnosis. “What about contact information? How can I contact Painted Skin Feng Qian?”

“There are two ways to contact her. They are both ways to trade with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. After Painted Skin Feng Qian left, I had no way to contact her.”

“Is your trading contact information with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization independent, or is it the kind that could contact everyone?”

“I don’t know either.”

“Alright, give me these two contact details. Then, after I get the first part of the ransom you gave me, I’ll let you go first and wait for the second part of the ransom,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.” Even under the hypnotic illusion, Li Jin still had a happy expression. The feeling of escaping death was too good. Li Jin told Xu Tui the two contact details as quickly as he could.

Xu Tui confirmed again.

“Under the wall light in my bedroom, there’s a hidden button. When you press it, a small safe will pop up in the closet. The password in the safe is… There’s an anonymous trading card worth 100 million and 50 grams of Origin Crystals. Consider this my first ransom to you. Tomorrow, I’ll give you the location of the second batch of ransom.”

“Okay!”

When Xu Tui responded, Li Jin, who was in the illusion, smiled. “Alright. In that case, leave quickly. I’ll handle the scene here.” A smile even appeared on Li Jin’s face.

“Yes, wake up.” Xu Tui’s eyes were filled with cruelty.

Li Jin opened his eyes. He suddenly froze. He was stunned! In his memory, he had clearly made a deal with Xu Tui just now. Xu Tui had already removed the earth spike cage and was sitting peacefully opposite him to negotiate a deal. In the end, they reached a deal.

But why? Why was the earth spike cage here again? Why was he still locked up? He had clearly sat on the chair just now.

Suddenly, Li Jin reacted! It was an ability of the School of Radiation Influence! Xu Tui had previously displayed an extremely brilliant ability of the School of Radiation Influence. He had been hypnotized by Xu Tui. It might be more than that! Otherwise, would this extremely realistic feeling appear?

He had been tricked! He had been completely fooled by Xu Tui. Li Jin had a tragic expression. He had woken up from a dream. It was very cruel!

Xu Tui picked up the bottle of wine that Li Jin had poured earlier and spilled it all on the ground. “Mr. Luo, another glass!”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s huge water puppet stepped forward and picked up Li Jin. Its huge body hugged Li Jin.

“No! Don’t kill…”

Bang!

Blood and flesh splattered everywhere! Li Jin was directly blown up by the water puppet. Xu Tui, who had already activated his mental shield, was not stained with blood. Then, Xu Tui went to the bedroom that Li Jin had mentioned and took out the safe according to Li Jin’s instructions. It would be a waste not to take the benefits he obtained.

Xu Tui began to clean up the traces step by step after he obtained the Origin Crystal and the anonymous trading card from the safe.

He carefully scanned the things he had touched, the footprints where he had walked, and the entire combat area with his mental perception three times. He also picked up the two strands of hair that had fallen.

It was clean.

In the end, Xu Tui controlled the water puppet to move to the spot closest to the sea in front of the balcony. He injected his mind power. In an instant, a huge amount of seawater surged over and surged into the water puppet’s body. The water puppet’s body began to expand rapidly. A minute later, it had become a ten-meter-tall giant.

In the next moment, as Xu Tui activated his mind power, the water puppet, which had absorbed more than ten tons of seawater, collapsed on the spot. A huge amount of seawater instantly poured into Li Jin’s villa. The scouring and corrosion would clean up those traces that might not have been cleared.

Xu Tui waved his hand and left with the water puppet doll.

“Ah Huang, burn all the surveillance hardware and clean up your traces of invasion.” Xu Tui left silently after he gave the order. He quickly left after meeting up with An Xiaoxue.