Chapter 669 - 669 Martial Law And Return

669 Martial Law and Return

On the morning of the 14th of March, Xu Tui was invited to the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College for an academic report exchange.

For six days, Xu Tui was participating in an academic conference. The other two days were for Xu Tui, a popular researcher and a newly promoted senior researcher, to tour the scenery around the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

Yesterday, in the afternoon of the 13th of March, Xu Tui had already explained the time of the return trip to the receptionist, which was on the morning of the 14th of March.

However, on the morning of the 14th of March, the entire Lion City was under martial law. The relevant personnel informed Xu Tui very apologetically that he could only leave a little later because of some force majeure factors.

!!

Xu Tui and his entourage only asked one or two questions. They expressed their willingness to cooperate with the orders of the Sing-Malaysia Sector’s security bureau. However, they hoped that they would not delay the journey for too long.

In the office building of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, an emergency meeting chaired by Huang Changyan, the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, was underway.

The participants were mainly from the Security Bureau, Military Intelligence Bureau, and other departments in the Sing-Malaysia Sector. There was only one topic for the meeting: The death of the former deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, Li Jin, could have many serious consequences.

After all, Li Jin was the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. Even though he had resigned for some reason, he still held a lot of sensitive and key intelligence information about the Sing-Malaysia Sector.

Fortunately, Li Jin resigned five days ago. Some extremely important rights and jobs had been handed over and changed immediately. Otherwise, the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee would have exploded on the spot. Even so, the situation was extremely serious.

“Now, I only want to know two things. Did Li Jin get interrogated before he died? Did he leak any secrets? If there is, how high can the leak be? What Li Jin knows or might have leaked will threaten the safety of our Sing-Malaysia Sector and cause us huge losses.” Huang Changyan knocked on the desk. He was unprecedentedly angry. He even lost his composure.

He and Li Jin were political enemies. There was nothing wrong with that. They could fight until even their mothers would not recognize them. However, just as Li Jin stepped down from the stage, someone used extremely brutal methods to kill him. This was a huge provocation to the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee and Huang Changyan!

“Director, based on the analysis of the flesh and blood of the deceased that we picked up at the scene, we can confirm that Li Jin was the last to die. The time of death of Li Jin’s other seven security personnel, including Li Zifeng, was almost continuous. Currently, we could lock the time between 10:40 and 10:45 last night. As for the time of Li Jin’s death, it was locked in between 11:15 and 11:20 last night,” the head of the Military Intelligence Bureau reported.

“Li Jin’s death was 35 minutes later than his security personnel. In that case, it’s very likely that Li Jin was interrogated for a long time. The possibility of him leaking a secret is extremely high?” Huang Changyan asked.

“In Li Jin’s remnant flesh, hypothalamic stress acid was detected. It’s 500% higher than normal. This meant that Li Jin had experienced extreme pain before he died, including regret, anger, helplessness, pain, and other negative emotions. Basically, we can confirm that Li Jin must have been interrogated. The probability of him leaking the secret is extremely high.” This time, the person who answered was the main official of the Sing-Malaysia Security Bureau. “In view of this, we have already undertaken emergency steps and changes to the sensitive information that Li Jin still has.

“The relevant personnel in our department will be able to complete the relevant contingency plans in about ten minutes. They will be sent to you for signature and approval, Director. Moreover, the relevant sensitive information was already frozen. It was estimated that the modification could be completed in six to eight hours.

“Based on the current trend, Li Jin’s interrogation might reveal a secret, but it would not cause major damage to the Sing-Malaysia Sector. However, it’s difficult to guarantee certain small aspects,” the head of the Security Bureau said.

Huang Changyan nodded. He was satisfied with the reaction of the Security Bureau.

“Then the next question is, did the Military Intelligence Bureau find out the direction of the people who attacked and interrogated Li Jin?” Huang Changyan asked.

“Director, Li Jin’s own security forces are actually very powerful. There are three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts and four Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Among them, Li Zifeng is a dual cultivator in the Genetic Transmutation Realm. However, such a security force had died within three minutes.

“I think that the enemy might involve quasi-planetary-level powerhouses. There would definitely be more than two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts involved. Considering the worst-case scenario, it might even involve a Planetary realm powerhouse!”

Huang Changyan’s expression changed when he heard the chief officer’s words. “Are there any definite suspects?”

“There are a few directions, but they’re still being analyzed. The actors are very professional. They left almost no traces, from electronics to biological information. The only traces of battle were also severely damaged by the seawater. The only thing we could confirm now was that the attacker was very proficient in the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. There was at least a water-type supernatural being.

“There were at least two Mystery Branch genetic newcomers among the attackers. Remnant waves of mind power were detected at the scene. There were two of them.” The chief of the Military Intelligence Bureau reported the results of his analysis.

“Alright!” Huang Changyan sighed helplessly. From the current information, it would be very difficult to find the murderer, but he could not give up.

“By the way, Director, ever since we discovered Li Jin’s death at six in the morning this morning, Lion City has entered martial law. The traffic has been cut off for five hours. Do you want to continue, or?”

“Remove it. There are a limited number of Genetic Transmutation Realms or quasi-planetary experts, especially those from the Mystery Branch. Moreover, martial law is useless against such experts.”

“Yes.”

…

At noon, Xu Tui received a notice from the main office that martial law had been lifted. This allowed Xu Tui to freeload another meal. They had another lunch at the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College before boarding the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division’s Aerospace Combat Jet and returning.

Although everything went smoothly, Xu Tui still heaved a sigh of relief when the Aerospace Combat Jet entered the Huaxia Sector.

An Xiaoxue, who had transformed into a female special agent, was still sitting quietly beside Xu Tui. From the beginning to the end, the other special agents did not know An Xiaoxue’s true identity. They only knew that An Xiaoxue was a great expert that the higher-ups had temporarily transferred over to protect Xu Tui. They did not know how high she was. They did not know and could not ask. The special agents were military personnel. A soldier’s duty was to obey orders.

The Aerospace Combat Jet was extremely fast. In less than an hour, they returned to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College from Sing-Malaysia Sector. An Xiaoxue naturally returned to her identity.

“Do you want me to go with you?” An Xiaoxue asked softly as she looked at the things in Xu Tui’s hand.

“I’ll go see him alone.”

“Okay.” An Xiaoxue nodded. She did not know what to say at this moment. Ever since he killed Li Jin yesterday, Xu Tui’s mood had become a little gloomy. An Xiaoxue could sense this. However, she had never added any points to her ability to comfort others.

An Xiaoxue thought about it and gently pinched Xu Tui’s little finger with her fingertips. “Let’s go out for dinner tonight. My treat.”@@novelbin@@

“Okay.” Xu Tui nodded slightly.

…

In the Duobao Mountain Cemetery in the capital, in front of Luo Shifeng’s grave, there was a bouquet of flowers, a lit cigar, a few fruits, and a bloody ear. It looked exceptionally terrifying.

Xu Tui sat there leaning against the tombstone with a complicated and sad expression. He was not touched by the scene. It was because Xu Tui had obtained another truth when he interrogated Li Jin yesterday.

The main target of Li Jin’s men was Xu Tui, not the information that most people had speculated about the passive genetic ability chain of reaction speed.

Painted Skin Feng Qian had hidden beside Luo Shifeng. In the beginning, she had indeed wanted to obtain detailed information about the passive genetic ability chain of reaction speed from Luo Shifeng. However, the mission changed at the last minute.

Their main target was to capture Xu Tui alive.

The fundamental goal of capturing Xu Tui alive was to obtain the abnormal load of mind power from the long-term research project of the Genetic Miracle.

Li Jin’s plan was to capture Xu Tui alive and use their chip and technology to modify and control him. It would be best if Xu Tui knew about the abnormal load of mind power. If he did not, he would allow Xu Tui to return to the Genetic Miracle and control Xu Tui to help them steal the research information related to the abnormal load of mind power.

In other words, Luo Shifeng had been implicated by Xu Tui. Otherwise, he might not have died! Xu Tui’s feelings at this moment were indescribable.

“Mr. Luo, come, let me toast you!” Xu Tui sprinkled the Maotai drink in his hand on Luo Shifeng’s grave. Then, he raised the bottle and gulped it down. This was the first time Xu Tui had taken the initiative to drink. The spicy Baijiu entered his throat and made Xu Tui cough. A tear inadvertently flowed out.

The blazing wine entered his throat. A minute later, Xu Tui let out a long sigh. He smelled strongly of alcohol. He put down the empty bottle and turned to leave. “Mr. Luo, don’t worry. I’ve taken good care of Mother Luo. Give me some more time. I’ll definitely get Feng Qian and send her over to warm your bed and wash your feet. If she doesn’t listen and serve you well, you’ll whip her every day!”

Xu Tui gradually left under the setting sun. He had a determined and stern expression. In the world outside the school, the strong preyed on the weak!

…

That night, An Xiaoxue abandoned the laboratory and took the initiative to have her first informal date with Xu Tui.

The two of them already had some thoughts in their minds, but neither of them said them out loud. However, it could be seen that An Xiaoxue cared a lot about Xu Tui. She had already taken the initiative to take care of his feelings. Although it was a little clumsy. Even when she was holding Xu Tui’s hand, her palm was covered in sweat.

No one felt that it was abnormal to walk for two hours even when they had a repulsive-force flying car that could get them to their destination in ten minutes. They could hold hands for a longer time on foot.

At the entrance of the Genetic Research Institute, Ah Huang, the master of emotional promotion, started to clamor again. “Follow her in! Follow her in. You have to be thick-skinned!”

Xu Tui picked up Ah Huang, which was hanging at his waist, and pulled the small wrench.

The world was quiet!