Chapter 663 - 663 Shocking Scandal

663 Shocking Scandal

The second target was Huang Changyan. He was one of the two vice-chairmen of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. He was also Li Jin’s strongest competitor. Within the Blue Star, be it Huang Changyan or Li Jin, their individual level rights were mid-grade Level B rights. However, as the main person-in-charge of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, their security could be said to be all-round. Whether it was electronic communication or normal security. It could be said that without authority, one could not even send them an email.

Of course, the public email could be sent to him. However, no one knew when he would see it. Or rather, he would never see it.

The only thing that could deter a nuclear force country was another nuclear force country. Similarly, only another powerhouse could take down a powerhouse like Li Jin. Otherwise, no matter how well Xu Tui had prepared and laid the groundwork, he would not be able to cause any trouble. The matter would completely go silent.

It was not difficult to get Huang Changyan involved in this matter. As long as there was the slightest bit of information about the opponent, such a power politician would immediately intervene and start a storm. However, the key was to get Huang Changyan to intervene immediately. If it was too late, Li Jin’s power would silence this matter. The third target that Xu Tui found might disappear.

Xu Tui went to the vicinity of Huang Changyan’s official residence. His mind power could not invade the important areas of his official residence. The walls of the important areas of his official residence were sandwiched with lead alloy that was resistant to radiation. This lead alloy could also block mental perception.

However, Xu Tui could roughly determine from the state of the guards and attendants in the residence that Huang Changyan had not come to the residence to rest tonight. Where would he be?

This was how powerful a top-notch powerhouse like the deputy director of the Genetic Committee was. Under normal circumstances, an ordinary person would not even know where they lived.@@novelbin@@

How could there be a targeted plan?

However, Xu Tui’s plan had already begun. He had to remind Target Two to intervene as soon as possible. Even if Xu Tui did not remind him, there was still a 50% chance that Target Two would discover and intervene in this matter.

However, Xu Tui did not like the 50-50 probability. Xu Tui preferred to finish this in one strike after designing this plan for so long. He decided to wait near Huang Changyan’s office building. However, he could not let go of the official residence.

What if Huang Changyan suddenly returned to the official residence? He could also work in the official residence. Then, Xu Tui placed a bionic flying ant in the grass at the entrance of Huang Changyan’s official residence for surveillance. If Huang Changyan returned to the official residence during this period, the bionic flying ants would be able to discover him.

But this was close to the residence of the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. Bionic flying ants were still easily discovered. Even if it was discovered, Ah Huang could immediately cut off all contact to prevent itself from being tracked.

Although Xu Tui could enter and exit the hotel lobby as if he was invisible, he was not really invisible. There were countless experts and professors in the hotel. If he did the same thing too many times, he would be easily discovered.

Xu Tui went to wait near the office building of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee under the slightly tipsy sea breeze. He would wait for him. The security at night was clearly one to two levels lower than during the day. At the very least, there were no Genetic Transmutation Realm experts appearing at any time.

Xu Tui did not stay idle.

Taking advantage of the lax security at night, he approached the office building and sent the useless Origin Crystal powder marked with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker into various difficult-to-clean locations in the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee’s office building. He did not have to use a flying sword to use the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

As long as it was a possession of mind power, it could be used to execute the Heart Sword Heart Eye. Although the useless Origin Crystal powder did not have any lethality, it could be used as Xu Tui’s eyes.

“According to the surveillance cameras of several targets, in just eight hours, Number Six, Number Seven, Number Eight, and Number Nine, these four targets were all captured alive by Major Number Three. As long as the major was not too stupid, he would be able to discover the existence of Director Zheng. He will probably be able to discover Director Zheng in the next one to two days.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears.

“Okay, continue to use his informant’s email to send Major Number Three a password email. A senior member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization might have a fifth-generation brainwave radiation control chip implanted in his head. It is recommended to bring a lead alloy shielding hat,” Xu Tui said.

“Major Number Three won’t be suspicious, will he? Does an ordinary informant know that much?”

“So what if he’s suspicious? The few people he caught now are all genuine members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.”

“Alright. Since you’re not afraid that he’ll be suspicious, I’ll directly send the encrypted information to Major Number Three’s personal communication device. That way, it’ll be more time-sensitive.”

“No problem.

“Done… Eh?” Ah Huang’s voice trembled slightly.

“What’s wrong?”

“The convoy has returned to the official residence.” Ah Huang cut a picture of a bionic flying ant for Xu Tui. Five identical vehicles passed through one after another and stopped at the entrance of the official residence in the distance. “Returning to the official residence at six in the morning, his whereabouts…”

“Let’s go!” He used a software to call for an unmanned taxi and quickly rushed to the vicinity of the official residence. Fortunately, there were no traffic jams on the road early in the morning. Xu Tui arrived near Huang Changyan’s official residence half an hour later.