Chapter 660 - 660 Exploration And Attack

660 Exploration and Attack

Luo Shifeng had taught Xu Tui how to activate genetic base points in a pioneering manner.

There was only one key point: Slow. During the activation of an unknown genetic base point, it had to be slow. During the slow activation process, carefully sense the changes in your body’s reaction and decide if you want to continue activating it based on the body’s feedback. He had to be even more careful when activating the genetic base points in his head.

With the current technology of humans, even if they could perfectly clone the head of a human, they could not clone a spirit.

It was the so-called mind!

!!

This genetic base point that was related to the quantum entanglement state was not only in the head, but also in the back of the head that none of the genetic base points had touched before.

Xu Tui was naturally extremely careful. He did not dare to use Origin Crystals. He was afraid that the energy would activate it if it rushed over. It did not matter if it was activated. If it blew up his head, it would be over.

Xu Tui drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and carefully controlled the strength of his Mind Concentration Technique. He slowly gathered energy toward the silver-white genetic base point. His mental perception enveloped his body and sensed his entire body. Xu Tui would immediately stop developing if he felt any discomfort.

There was no discomfort until now. However, there was a slight itchiness in a certain part of his head. This physical sensation was not a threat in Luo Shifeng’s development judgment. But Xu Tui was not careless. It took him four hours to activate this genetic base point. Other than the slight sensation of needles in his head when he activated it at the end, there were no other abnormalities.

He used a full bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. It was equivalent to 30 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs. The reason why he used so much was that this genetic base point was Level 2 silver the moment he activated it.

Back then, An Xiaoxue had given Xu Tui the genetic transcriptional fluid of the Black-Crown Queen Bee. Among the few abilities he had activated, the two main genetic base points of the mental whip had also been a dull silver in the beginning.

Although there were not many records to borrow from, Xu Tui could tell that the abilities behind the Level 2 silver genetic base points that he activated should be very powerful or unique. The mental whip was a precedent.

After he successfully activated it, Xu Tui immediately began to study it to see if he had obtained any new abilities. But Xu Tui did not discover anything after he studied the area. Even his Heart Sword Heart Eye had not been greatly enhanced.

“Do I need to activate a complete genetic ability chain?” After successfully activating it, Xu Tui studied it for a long time but to no avail. He was a little anxious.

But it was normal for it to be difficult. Back then, the genetic base points of the reaction speed that were discovered were quickly discovered with the help of the Nerve Acceleration Elixir developed by the current system.

It could be said that Xu Tui was standing on the shoulders of his predecessors and conducting research. Now, the genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state was no longer pioneering, but exploring! The difficulty of exploring the unknown was definitely ten times or even dozens of times harder.

After trying his best to adjust his mentality, the anxiety gradually disappeared.

Xu Tui summarized the key points. He could activate the rhythm of this silver genetic base point that was related to the quantum entanglement state by using the ability of the Heart Sword Heart Eye that he had just learned.

In that case, would the continuous use of the Heart Sword Heart Eye stimulate the relevant genetic base points?

This stimulation might be minimal. However, if it continued for a long time, Xu Tui should be able to discover the relevant genetic base points with the help of his illusory introspection.

Xu Tui also understood that it was very difficult to explore the unknown. Countless predecessors had fallen on the path of the Genetic Ability Chain. However, Xu Tui’s illusory introspection was a sharp weapon in the exploration. Many predecessors might have to spend several years cultivating a certain ability repeatedly until the weak stimulation stimulated the relevant genetic base points to a certain extent. Then, the exploration was successful!

On Xu Tui’s side, the difficulty was reduced by a hundred times. Xu Tui would immediately notice any signs once he looked into his illusory introspection. Exploring the unknown could become pioneering!

In the next few days, Xu Tui would continuously cultivate the ability of the Heart Sword Heart Eye whenever he was free. He was even more proficient in using the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

At the same time, Xu Tui also received two requests from the Huaxia Sector. He was requested to go to the Russian Federation and the Africa Genetic Research Institute for an academic discussion regarding the method of directly absorbing energy with a useless mind power Origin Crystal.

Xu Tui happily went. This time, he would not be driving the flying car himself. Instead, it was approved by the Huaxia Genetic Committee. The Special Intelligence Division would use an Aerospace Combat Jet to pick Xu Tui up and ensure his safety. Putting aside their ages, every senior researcher with low-grade Level B rights was not far from being a national treasure even if they were not.

On the second of March, Xu Tui received a message from Shi Hong. As the message involved some sensitive information, it was a random password message that needed to be translated with a specified password book.

Xu Tui did not have to worry about that. Ah Huang quickly completed the translation.

“The highest-level meeting of the gods in The Myth has passed some of your conditions. I can provide you with all the information about the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization in the database of the Myths for free. But not the Level S database.”

“Why?”

“That’s because a portion of the information about the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization stored in the Level S database is just a member’s guess or unconfirmed discovery. Some of them are extremely sensitive. You understand.” Shi Hong continued to communicate with Xu Tui with his password book. “Brother, this is the greatest sincerity I can help you obtain. In the intelligence information about the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, there were 74 Level B and 17 Level A.

“If it were anyone else, they would have to complete at least three to five Level A commissions to exchange for it. A-rank commissions could only be completed by people at the Genetic Transmutation Realm or above. This is the best I can do.

“The other conditions are the same. Look, if you’re willing, I’ll apply for the information to send it to you. It would be a pity if you don’t think it’s enough. It would be a pity for my performance!”

Xu Tui smiled when he saw the password book that Ah Huang had translated. Shi Hong was a little honest. Actually, the moment Xu Tui took the initiative to contact Shi Hong, he was destined to join The Myth. Many things that had happened in the extra-terrestrial had changed Xu Tui’s mind. He could not do it alone!

“Brother Shi, you’ve worked hard. When can you give me the information?”

“You’ve decided?”

“Yeah.”@@novelbin@@

“Six hours later, the chip with the relevant information will be delivered by courier. Sign for it. In addition, you are about to become a member of the Mythical Legend B-rank title. Please draw up the relevant titles as soon as possible, choose a special ability reward, and complete the identity verification and registration on the independent network. I’ll send you the identity of the visitor later.” Shi Hong gave a detailed explanation.

“You’ve worked hard.”

After contacting Shi Hong, Xu Tui began to re-examine the information Ah Huang had obtained over the past few days and his previous plan.

Six hours later, Xu Tui received a delivery from Shi Hong. What surprised Xu Tui was that there were tens of thousands of pieces of information recorded in the chip. However, most of the information was from databases below Level D. It was all past information and was not too important.

Of course, traces could be found in the past information.

Xu Tui handed all of the information to Ah Huang for analysis. He focused on studying the Level C, Level B, and Level A information about the Dawn Salvation Traitor. Among them, Xu Tui not only found a few pieces of information about Painted Skin, but he also found a few pieces of information that he could use in his plan.

It was about time.

Xu Tui checked the completed plan three times in a row. He immediately called the dean of the Academic Affairs Office, Yan Chen.

There were many Genetic Evolution Colleges that invited Xu Tui to do academic research. Moreover, it was not appropriate for Wen Shao, the Year Head of the Mystery Branch, to deal with them. In the end, this matter was thrown to the Academic Affairs Office of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. They would deal with it. Of course, Xu Tui would decide if he wanted to go or not.

“Director Yan, it’s like this. I’ve been free recently. I want to go to one or two Genetic Evolution Colleges for one or two academic conferences,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s great. I was just worried. If you reject all of them, it won’t be convenient for our school to invite professors from other Genetic Evolution Colleges for academic discussions in the future. Tell me, where do you want to go? Is it a report or a seminar?” Yan Chen smiled.

“Let’s do a seminar. That way, I can gain something,” Xu Tui said.

“Do you want me to recommend your destination?” Yan Chen smiled.

“I’ll go to two of them. Recommend one to me.”

“The Greater Asia Genetic Evolution College is not bad. They’ve become obedient after being beaten up a few years ago. However, we have to give them some benefits occasionally.” Yan Chen smiled.

“No problem.”

“What about the other place? Where do you plan to go so that I can arrange a schedule for you?”

“Sing-Malaysia Genetic Evolution College in Sing-Malaysia Sector. It’s closer and the scenery is good.” Xu Tui’s voice was very natural. However, the word ‘scenery’ was emphasized a little in his tone.

“The scenery there is indeed not bad. It’s different from ours. You can go and take a look. How about this? Since you have the intention of sightseeing, should I contact them and get them to arrange for your sightseeing?” Yan Chen asked.

“Director Yan, there’s no need to deliberately arrange it. It depends on my mood. If I have a good time, I’ll stay a few more days.”

“Alright, do you want to contact the security at the Special Intelligence Division or should I?”

“Let me do it. I can’t keep troubling you.”

“Don’t stand on ceremony with me. I’ll be anxious if you continue to stand on ceremony,” Yan Chen joked.

Xu Tui hung up the phone and went out to meet Wang Guangnan, the director of the Capital Special Intelligence Division. Currently, the person in charge of Xu Tui’s security was Director Wang. This was also what Xu Tui had requested. There were some things that Xu Tui had to discuss with him. To be precise, he had a small request.

Xu Tui was more familiar with him after Tian Suqing was transferred away. With Xu Tui’s current status, the Special Intelligence Division would agree to any request that was not too ridiculous.

There was no suspense. After leaving the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital, Xu Tui brought along the dinner that his mother had prepared for An Xiaoxue and went to Research Institute No. 14.

Since the plan was about to begin, Miss An needed to make some preparations.