Chapter 665 - 665 Who Is The Mastermind? (1)

665 Who Is the Mastermind? (1)

“A shocking scandal. The higher-ups of the department under the Genetic Committee are actually senior members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. The security department is like decoration!”

“A member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization has become a high-ranking official. The safety of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee is greatly threatened. Investigate, investigate!”

“We have to investigate Zheng Jian’s superiors and subordinates!”

“Ask a senior member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization how he became a high-ranking official!”

…

One after another, news appeared like bombs in a short period of time. Li Jin and Li Zifeng were stunned!

Other than reporting that Zheng Jian, the director of the Inspection Division of the Ministry of the Environment, was a senior member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, most of the news was suspicious of Zheng Jian’s social relations, as well as Zheng Jian’s appointee.

The media seemed to be poaching him. It was as if they were personally interrogating Zheng Jian in the Military Intelligence Bureau. They explained the details in detail. Although they did not point out Li Jin by name, all of their doubts were directed at Li Jin.

Almost at the same time that the news spread, this matter also spread like a plague on the social media of the Sing-Malaysia Sector. After all, it was released by the official media and not fake news.

All kinds of experts displayed their abilities and analyzed the situation. However, the mainstream analysis still pointed to Li Jin.

“Sir, we can’t contact the heads of the various media organizations. All kinds of reasons.” Li Zifeng, who immediately wanted to contact the various media outlets to control the public opinion, smiled bitterly.

“Inform the heads of the Security Bureau and the Military Intelligence Bureau to come to me. Tell them that I’ve summoned them.” How could Li Jin not understand that there was a wave like this? Someone must be adding fuel to the fire. However, he was still making his last effort.

Three minutes later, Li Zifeng’s face turned pale. “Sir, the Security Bureau and the Military Intelligence Bureau said that the person-in-charge has been called away by Director Huang. I can’t contact him personally for the time being.”

Hearing this, Li Jin, whose face had already turned pale, squeezed out a bitter smile. “Are they taking sides that fast? This time, Old Huang was so ruthless! When did the people from the Military Intelligence Bureau become so powerful?” Panting softly, Li Jin suddenly said, “Zifeng, use our own strength to investigate, especially the Military Intelligence Bureau. Even if I had to die, I had to die clearly! I’ll go meet that person.”

“Alright, Sir.”

…

In just a few days, the news in the Sing-Malaysia Sector was once again reported by the various regional media on the Blue Star.

The previous time, it was because the Sing-Malaysia Sector was holding a research event related to genetic newcomers directly absorbing origin energy. It was reported by the various media outlets on the Blue Star.

Now, it was because of the scandal that the high-ranking official in Sing-Malaysia Sector was a high-ranking member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. However, the reports from the various alliances were not as targeted as those from Sing-Malaysia Sector.

In the Sing-Malaysia Sector, even the ongoing research events were affected. After all, the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization had a notorious reputation. They were the targets of the high-pressure siege of the various alliances. But now, a high-ranking official from the Sing-Malaysia Sector was a member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. It was as ironic as it could be!

Many genetic committees even began to investigate themselves. Inside the Sing-Malaysia Sector, the invisible storm was intensifying. It could be said that the entire Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee was already anxious. If they could not give an explanation for this matter in the shortest time possible, the reputation of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee would probably be ruined!

In the future, the officials of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee would look like members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. That would be terrifying!

Someone had to be responsible for this! They had to give an explanation as soon as possible!

It was already 8 p.m. on the 8th of March. The office building of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee was still brightly lit. Almost all the high-ranking officials were waiting for a meeting to begin.

Li Jin had been sitting in the office for the entire day. His complexion was pale. He had been defeated like a landslide. Other than a few direct descendants, everyone instantly had the aura of resisting Li Jin.

In the past, those officials could not wait to report to Li Jin three to five times a day. Now, no one dared to come even if Li Jin called them over. Everything was because Li Jin might have been tainted by a few words—the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization!

“Sir, the meeting room is urging us again! They’re urging you to attend the meeting as soon as possible.” Li Zifeng, who was equally tired, appeared at the door of the office. With Li Zifeng’s Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivation, he would not sense fatigue. But now, he was mentally exhausted.

“Get them to wait! As long as I don’t get the truth from the Military Intelligence Bureau, I won’t attend the meeting! They also want to find a scapegoat!” Li Jin’s expression was a little ferocious.

At this moment, Liu Yihe, the director of Huang Changyan’s office, suddenly appeared at the door and knocked.

Li Jin looked over expressionlessly with a cold gaze.

Liu Yihe smiled and gently placed a chip on Li Jin’s desk. “Vice-Chairman Li, this is the outcome of the Military Intelligence Bureau’s interrogation of all relevant personnel, including the interrogation video.

“This included the interrogation process and results of Zheng Jian and his family. There was a video recording and the participation of more than three experts from the Military Intelligence Bureau. There might be the truth you want here.”@@novelbin@@

Li Jin still looked at Liu Yihe expressionlessly. Liu Yihe smiled again. “Director Huang said that Vice-Chairman Li should be able to retreat unscathed.”