Chapter 667 - 667 Both

667 Both

Xu Tui, or rather, Weng Guan, slowly stepped into Li Jin’s seaside villa. The entire villa was as quiet as a tomb. Xu Tui felt as if he had returned to his home. He walked through the corridor and stepped onto the second floor. He walked to the balcony on the second floor.

Li Jin turned around and glanced at Xu Tui. His eyes flashed. “This is not your true appearance, but judging from your posture, you should be very young. You’re not even 25, right?” As he spoke, Li Jin laughed self-deprecatingly. “I didn’t expect the mastermind who could make half of my efforts go down the drain to be so young.”

Li Jin pointed at a rattan chair and gestured for Xu Tui to sit. Xu Tui was not afraid or worried that Li Jin had other methods. He sat down generously. If he was worried, Xu Tui would not have come today.

“Those people fell asleep, right?” Li Jin asked.

“They won’t wake up easily.”

Li Jin was talking about the attendants in his villa and the security team sent by the Sing-Malaysia Sector Security Bureau to protect him. One was at the Genetic Evolution Realm, and two were at the Genetic Mutation Realm. However, Xu Tui had already hypnotized them.

Of course, hypnosis was very easy to wake up from, especially for the captain of the Genetic Evolution Realm. Therefore, after he was hypnotized by Xu Tui, the bionic hummingbird controlled by Ah Huang had long gone up to inject him in the neck. There was a powerful anesthetic in the syringe. Even a Genetic Evolution Realm expert would not wake up for six hours after being injected with this powerful anesthetic.

“Good move.” Li Jin praised, “In the various alliances, there are really no elites below the age of 25 who are proficient in many abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, especially young elites who can directly hypnotize an expert of the Genetic Evolution Realm. The younger generation will surpass us.”

As he praised, Li Jin flipped over two wine glasses and poured two glasses of the famous wine worth 180,000 yuan that he had drunk previously. He took a sip first. “Have a drink.”

Xu Tui picked up his wine glass and swirled it. He stood up and silently spilled the wine on the ground.

To Mr. Luo Shifeng! He should drink this glass!

Li Jin’s pupils constricted slightly. Xu Tui’s actions had already made him realize something. “Do we have a grudge? Did a relative or friend die at my hands?”

“Friend!”

Xu Tui’s words made Li Jin relax slightly. There was still a chance. “The dead are gone. The living should continue to live.” Li Jin observed Xu Tui’s expression. “In my position, there are some things that I have to do. I might have caused you pain and inconvenience. I apologize deeply. However, living was more important. Think about it and help me clarify some of the truth. How about that?”

Li Jin’s words made Xu Tui suddenly laugh. He turned his head and stared coldly at Li Jin. “You’re very confident?”

“You were plotting against me and succeeded. However, this did not prevent me from plotting against you on this basis. After all, you’re very young, right?” Li Jin smiled.

Xu Tui was about to speak when a hole in the wall at the side of the balcony suddenly opened. Li Zifeng’s muscular figure stepped out. His mountainous and sea-like aura instantly locked onto Xu Tui.

“You must have come to look for me after Zifeng left. However, it’s very easy for me to play some tricks in my territory.” Li Jin smiled. His smile made his face, which had aged over the past few days, look a little more lively. Failure was not scary. He was afraid that he would not have a chance to turn the tables. Now, the chance to turn the tables was here!

“You’ve put in a lot of effort into your villa. This mountain wall can actually isolate my mental perception,” Xu Tui said.

Li Jin smiled and poured Xu Tui another glass of wine. “Think about it.”

Xu Tui raised his glass again and spilled the wine on the ground and the sea in the distance. This toast was to Luo Shifeng, too.

“I have two questions. If you can answer me, I can guarantee that you will die without any pain. It will be as if you were asleep,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, not only did Li Jin’s expression change, but even Li Zifeng, who was more than ten meters tall, had a cold expression. He suddenly stepped forward and wanted to attack. However, he was stopped by Li Jin.

“Young man, your patience is lacking. Come, another glass.” Li Jin poured another glass of wine for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui picked it up and threw it toward the sea on the ground again. The third glass was for Luo Shifeng.

The corners of Li Jin’s mouth drooped slightly. He said patiently, “I can see your plan. First, let me die a social death and remove all aspects of my security from the Sing-Malaysia Sector. Only then did you dare to look for me. The reason for this was that the security forces around me were too strong and you were not strong enough.

“Back then, the security forces around me were two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts and four Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Just the strength of such a guard was enough to make you wary. I don’t think the power behind you is too strong. However, you did not panic when Zifeng appeared. There’s a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert behind you.” After the analysis, Li Jin smiled and raised his glass. Then, he drank it all. “Am I right in my analysis?”

Xu Tui had a cold expression. He did not comment.@@novelbin@@

“So, I’ve prepared a surprise for you today. Is three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts enough?” Li Jin clapped his hands. The mountain wall opened again and two middle-aged experts walked out. One of them had a surging energy field aura around him, while the other seemed to have a moist vapor the moment he walked out. The other was a water-type supernatural being. A water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

At this moment, Li Jin seemed to have become the former deputy director of the all-powerful Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee. He looked like he was guiding the world.

“How about it? Think about it? I sincerely apologize to the deceased who died because of me. I can also provide a considerable amount of compensation. However, the most important thing was to be alive. After all, you were still young and not more than 25 years old. What do you think?” Li Jin asked with a smile.

Xu Tui did not answer, but Li Jin clapped his hands again. “Is this power not enough for you to be afraid of? Then I’ll add some more!” This time, four more people walked towards him from the mountain wall. The auras emitted by the four of them indicated that they were Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

Li Jin laughed when he saw that Xu Tui was silent. “Why? Are you frightened? Your mask is not good enough. It can’t even reflect your true expression. You should remember this lesson, young one. This is important to your life. Your plan has indeed caused my temporary social death. However, you have to know that there are two fundamental powers in this world. One is power, and the other is wealth!

“I have both! How about it? Think about it and help me clarify. After this, I’ll give you a sum of wealth that you can never spend in your life. Of course, if you don’t cooperate, they will let you cooperate!” After saying that, Li Jin gave Xu Tui an ultimatum.

“Useless!”

“What?” Li Jin did not hear clearly.

“I said, the people you rely on are all useless in front of me!”

Li Jin’s face turned ashen. “What nonsense! Take him down and capture him alive!”

Almost the moment Li Jin gave the order, two balls of silver light appeared in front of Li Zifeng and another Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. Almost instantly, Li Zifeng and the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert retreated at the same time. The two of them raised their defenses. The silver light that had just appeared instantly disappeared.

“Be careful!” Li Zifeng’s expression suddenly changed drastically. A fist mark with black light suddenly swung towards his head. The silver light that had just disappeared instantly appeared.

Li Zifeng punched out and shattered the silver light. It was actually more than a dozen thin and short silver hair. However, on the other side, before the Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm expert could react, the ball of silver light blasted into his head. It instantly exploded, and he died on the spot!

The first Genetic Transmutation Realm expert that Li Jin had prepared for Xu Tui had died. At the same time, the mind power of another water-type supernatural being surged crazily around him. It was obvious that he was going to attack. However, his mind power instantly dispersed due to Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer had been preparing for battle since the beginning. Moreover, this was Xu Tui’s full-powered battle after he returned from the extra-terrestrial. The mind power enhancement necklace hanging on his chest lit up at this moment. It was hot!

The necklace that the Genetic Weapon Forging Master, Gong Yan, had made for Xu Tui with the extremely rare 6.1-gram mind power crystal that Ji Guoliang had given him could instantly increase Xu Tui’s mind power by 18%. It was equivalent to increasing Xu Tui’s mind power by more than 20%. To people of Genetic Miracles, an increase of 20% in mind power was equivalent to an increase of 20% in combat strength.

Under this enhancement, the mind power of this water-type supernatural being shook. He was in a daze for a moment. Time was extremely short. It might only be 0.1 seconds. However, 0.1 seconds was not only enough for Xu Tui, but it was also a little too much.

The moment the sonic boom sounded, the silver light had already passed through the head of the water-type supernatural being. It brought out a red and white light. However, his flying sword did not stop. It spun and instantly passed through the back of the head of the other Genetic Evolution Realm expert who was pouncing toward Xu Tui.

Water, saber light, and flames blasted toward Xu Tui. This was the attack of the other three Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

Xu Tui was holding a water puppet doll in his hand. He had thrown it out the moment the battle started. It instantly expanded into a huge water puppet that was four meters tall and two meters wide. It blocked the saber light and flames. As for the attack of the water-type supernatural being, it landed on Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier only created a deep ripple, but it blocked the attack of the water-type supernatural being.

Li Jin’s pupils constricted to the extreme at this moment. His expression instantly became extremely interesting. He could not help but look at Li Zifeng, whom he relied on the most. Li Zifeng was the number one expert beside him. As long as there were enough resources, Li Zifeng would be able to break through to the quasi-planetary realm in a few years.

However, at this moment, Li Zifeng was flustered by An Xiaoxue’s unpredictable silver lights. That was a Dimensional Explosion! Most importantly, Li Zifeng had not even found An Xiaoxue.

Just as Li Jin was observing, Xu Tui had already displayed his might. He hammered the mental hammer three times in a row. The Extreme Branch Genetic Evolution Realm expert was knocked to the ground by the hammer.

Before he could get up, Xu Tui’s flying sword had already pierced through the forehead of the other water-type supernatural being and entered his head. The last fire-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm was hugged by the giant water puppet. The water puppet exerted force, and he exploded on the spot.

At this moment, the blood on Li Jin’s face instantly disappeared and became extremely pale.

“Sir, leave quickly. It’s the Genetic Miracles!” Li Zifeng roared.

Li Jin was stunned for a moment. He staggered towards the mountain wall. However, he had just taken a step when the earth spikes instantly rose, forming an earth spike cage that trapped Li Jin in place.

At the same time, Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. He activated his mental hammer and smashed it toward Li Zifeng’s head. Hammer after hammer, he created an opportunity for An Xiaoxue. The moment the third hammer struck, Li Zifeng’s mind trembled slightly, and his reaction was slightly slower.

A ball of silver light exploded into Li Zifeng’s head.

“Zifeng!” Li Jin, who was trapped, roared in pain!