Chapter 664 - 664 Shocking Scandal (2)

664 Shocking Scandal (2)

He slowly activated his blurry mental perception, but it could only cover a portion of the area. Xu Tui could not enter the main area of the official residence with his mental perception.

Xu Tui vaguely noticed an extremely powerful aura. That should be the aura of Huang Changyan’s driver. There were at least two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts beside Huang Changyan. Therefore, he had to be extremely careful. Once he was discovered, his identity might be completely exposed and he would attract unpredictable trouble.

“What should I do now? Should I try using the bionic machine?” After discovering Huang Changyan’s whereabouts, Ah Huang was still unable to contact him. This made Ah Huang very anxious.

“There’s no hurry. Let’s wait slowly.”

!!

At this moment, a few figures came over from afar and walked towards the side door of the residence. Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. They should be the attendants from the official residence.

“Which of those people can you find their contact details in the shortest time possible?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“That gardener. Thirty seconds!”

“Okay! Almost at the same time, as Xu Tui’s mind power moved slightly, the gardener, who was about to enter the official residence, was hypnotized by Xu Tui.

“The key message has been sent!” At this moment, Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

Almost at the same time, the gardener who had just passed the official residence’s routine security check suddenly took off his communication device. He placed his hands in front of his chest and walked towards the main area of the official residence, instead of walking toward his work area—the garden!

The guard immediately noticed that the gardener had taken a wrong turn. However, they knew each other and he shouted softly. “Buddy, this is not a place you should be.” The gardener acted as if he did not hear him and continued to barge into the main area of the official residence. The guard realized that something was wrong and immediately raised his gun in warning.@@novelbin@@

“I want to see Steward Liu. I have something important to report!” The gardener, who had been hypnotized by Xu Tui, shouted at the top of his lungs.

Steward Liu was the director of Huang Changyan’s office. Everyone called him Steward Liu.

“What’s the matter? Tell me. I’ll pass it on to Steward Liu!” The captain of the guards frowned.

“I want to see Steward Liu. I have something important to report.” The hypnotized gardener kept repeating the sentence. He no longer cooperated.

The captain of the guards in Huang Changyan’s official residence thought for a moment and reported this matter. After all, the gardener was considered an old man in the official residence. In fact, the shouts here had already alarmed Huang Changyan and his office director, who had just returned to the official residence.

Steward Liu’s expression changed after he glanced at the gardener. “Search the area within 500 meters.”

“What’s wrong?” Huang Changyan’s slightly tired voice sounded.

“Sir, the gardener has been hypnotized and is clamoring to see me.”

At the same time, when the gardener saw Huang Changyan and Steward Liu, he raised his personal communication device with both hands and did not say a word. Even if it was advanced hypnosis, Xu Tui could only perform some unconscious actions. Making him shout was the ability of spiritual resonance and spiritual concealment.

Steward Liu took the gardener’s communication device. A guard scanned it with a special device. After confirming that it was not a bomb, he started to flip through it. With just a glance, Steward Liu’s expression changed drastically. He immediately handed the gardener’s communication device to Huang Changyan.

Xu Tui could only leave when he saw a large number of guards rushing out of the official residence. In the official residence, Huang Changyan and his office director, Liu Yihe, studied the information displayed on the gardener’s electronic communication device over and over again.

“Sir, I’ve checked. The information was automatically sent out by the public information platform. We can’t trace the source,” Liu Yihe reported.

Huang Changyan looked at the shocking information and fell into deep thought.

“Sir, can this be true?”

“True?” Huang Changyan smiled. “Go, get our people in the Military Intelligence Bureau to look for the major in the intelligence report. If he really caught several members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor last night, then this information will be true!”

A few minutes later, Liu Yihe returned. “Sir, it’s confirmed. The major who captured them happens to be a subordinate of our people in the Military Intelligence Division. He had already been involved in the case. Currently, we are organizing senior interrogators for the interrogation. The so-called Number Seven has already been implicated… Director Zheng!”

Huang Changyan’s eyes lit up, and his expression suddenly became extremely excited. “If that’s the case, this will be our absolute counterattack! “If it’s confirmed, then it’s useless even if Old Li has the support of a Planetary realm powerhouse!”

“Sir, could it be a trap?”

Huang Changyan glanced at his office director. “Who do you think would set such a trap for me? Could Li Jin show his butt for me to stab?”

“However, it was too easy to obtain such heavy information!”

“Don’t be afraid! The enemy of an enemy is a friend!” Huang Changyan, who had not slept the entire night, stood up and took the initiative to put on his clothes. “Let’s go to the office. It looks like we’ll be busy today.

“In addition, use other channels to inform the Star Lion Morning Post, Star Lion Media, Sing-Malaysia Sector’s general radio station, and a few other major media outlets. Get them to wait for the major news.

“Inform the Military Intelligence Division to dig with all their might. We can’t wrong any good people, but we definitely can’t let any bad people off! How about this? Go to the Military Intelligence Bureau yourself and keep an eye on them. We can’t let any possibility of them being silenced.”

Huang Changyan issued orders in high spirits. A few minutes later, Huang Changyan’s convoy, which had just entered the residence, left.

…

At nine in the morning, Li Jin, the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, arrived at the office building on time. Li Zifeng, the captain of his personal guards and the director of the office, guarded him closely. Li Jin was at the critical moment of his advancement. He could not be careless at all.

Sitting in the office, a clerk made a pot of tea for Li Jin according to his preferences.

Li Jin began to review today’s documents. However, for some reason, Li Jin felt uneasy. The more he read the document, the more uneasy he felt.

“Zifeng, nothing major has happened recently, right?” Li Jin called Li Zifeng in.

“Sir, everything is normal.”

“What about Old Huang? Did he do anything unusual?”

“No, there are no abnormal reports from the spies.”

“Alright!”

“Sir, what happened?”

“No.” Li Jin waved his hand, indicating for Li Zifeng to leave. Standing in front of the huge floor-to-ceiling window, Li Jin felt an inexplicable sense of unease. This sixth sense was very strange and mysterious. Yet sometimes, it was very accurate. This was also related to an ability that Li Jin had activated.

Where could there be a problem? Li Jin kept thinking and reviewing, but he did not find anything suspicious.

Suddenly, Li Zifeng knocked on the door and entered. “Sir, I suddenly heard from my subordinates that Director Huang came very early today.”

“Came early?”

“Yes, Director Huang usually arrives at nine o’clock. He arrived at eight o’clock today.”

“It’s an hour early. Are there any other abnormal movements?” Li Jin asked.

“I haven’t found anything for the time being. However, Director Huang saw twice as many people this morning as usual!”

“Investigate! Investigate immediately. Something must have happened, and it’s a major incident!” Li Jin said calmly.

“Alright, Sir. Do we have to use that spy?”

“Use it, even if it means exposing him!”

“Okay!

Li Zifeng left.

Li Jin returned to the huge desk from the floor-to-ceiling window and began to check the various information on the computer. He also read the important news and matters sent over by the internal department. He spent two hours reading.

Li Zifeng knocked on the door again. Without waiting for Li Jin, he barged in like the wind. “Sir, we’ve found out. Director Huang’s men went to the Military Intelligence Bureau today. The Military Intelligence Bureau has a major case! It was said to be related to the Dawn Salvation Traitor. I’ve already sent someone to the Military Intelligence Bureau to ask for the reason,” Li Zifeng said.

Li Jin’s hand, which had just opened a news report, trembled slightly. “A shocking scandal. Zheng Jian, a high-ranking official of the Inspection Department of the Environment Bureau, is actually a high-level member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor. The evidence is conclusive. There’s a higher-up involved!”

Looking at Li Jin, whose face had instantly turned ashen, Li Zifeng quickly rushed over. When he saw the news, he was furious! “Who is so bold as to release such news without asking for permission?” After shouting angrily, Li Zifeng’s face turned pale as he thought of something.