Chapter 661 - 661 Wrong Fantasy

661 Wrong Fantasy

On March 7th, Sing-Malaysia Sector’s capital, Star Lion City, Star Sand Hotel.

Xu Tui, who had just finished his morning meeting, returned to the hotel suite arranged by the organizers with a man and a woman. Here, research and discussions regarding the direct absorption of energy by genetic newcomers were underway.

There were three main agendas. The factors affecting the speed of the absorption of energy, how to quickly strengthen the genetic ability chain when one was absorbing the energy, and the safety of it.

Originally, it was just a two-day academic conference. However, after the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College received the exact news that Xu Tui was coming to participate in an academic conference, the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee took the lead.

After obtaining the approval of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and Xu Tui, they spread the hero’s invitation and organized this research meeting as the frontline exploration meeting of the Blue Star regarding the direct absorption of energy.

The various genetic committees on the Blue Star displayed great enthusiasm. It was mainly to better nurture elite students and obtain benefits during the next year’s Mars actual combat. It could be said that the top experts and professors of the Blue Star were gathered. The meeting time also increased from two days to seven days.

This made Xu Tui’s plan even more relaxed. This was also the reason why Xu Tui agreed to expand the scale of the meeting. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have given the Sing-Malaysia Sector a chance to expand its influence.

The purpose of the Sing-Malaysia Sector organizing a small-scale academic conference as a Blue Star event was to use this opportunity to expand the influence of the Sing-Malaysia Sector. However, at any time, it was always the easiest for a small group of people to have the right to speak.

Xu Tui did not have much say in the scientific research world. After all, he was a newbie. However, he was definitely the first in the theory and practice of genetic newcomers absorbing energy. The identity of the inventor also determined that Xu Tui was the most powerful person in this event. As a result, Xu Tui’s journey was very easy.

To put it in perspective, the other experts and professors had assumed their positions during the meeting. They must have been waiting for Xu Tui. However, Xu Tui would not appear under most circumstances.

Every morning, Xu Tui would attend one or two more important meetings according to the organizers. The rest of the time was arranged by Xu Tui.

Sometimes, Xu Tui would leave after answering a few questions. After all, Xu Tui was the one teaching them most of the time. Of course, there was no lack of experts and scholars who had divergent thoughts. They had wild imaginations and came up with some forward-looking ideas.

Xu Tui handed these tasks to Ah Huang.

Ah Huang would organize the meeting records the entire time and eliminate the useless repetitive content. There were some things that could help Xu Tui. After all, this meeting had gathered the top experts and professors on the entire Blue Star who were excited about this.

Xu Tui spent the rest of his time cultivating. That’s right. This was not just Xu Tui’s announcement to the public. It was also what he had been doing.

Of course, Xu Tui’s plan was also secretly carried out. Xu Tui nodded slightly in greeting to the female special agent who had been following him along the way. He then entered his room and washed up before continuing to cultivate. He constantly cultivated the ability of the quantum entanglement state.

Under the illusory introspection, the main genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state was silver. However, what was very strange was that even though it was clearly silver in color, he could see that the silver color was split into two parts.

It was like the wings of a butterfly. Half of it would ripple with a silver light, and the other half would also ripple with the same silver light.

Behind the main genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state was a white genetic base point. This was the newly developed second genetic base point of Xu Tui’s quantum entanglement state.

During the few days after the activation of the main genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state, Xu Tui would continuously train his Heart Sword Heart Eye as long as he had the time. He had to train for more than ten hours a day.

Hard work paid off.

After training the Heart Sword Heart Eye for five days, Xu Tui realized that the other gray genetic base point seemed to have been stimulated to a certain extent. An extremely slight energy fluctuation began. This was a sign that genetic base points were being developed.

After another day of confirmation, Xu Tui developed a new genetic base point that he had discovered through the stimulation of the Heart Sword Heart Eye. This was also the most awesome aspect of Xu Tui’s illusory introspection.

Other genetic newcomers only had one path as long as they wanted to develop a genetic base point that did not have a mature system before they formed a genetic ability chain.

Repetition!

They would continuously cultivate the relevant abilities and stimulate the relevant genetic base points with an extremely low efficiency. It might take one to two years, or three to five years. With the accumulation, they would successfully activate it. Only then would the exploration be successful.

On Xu Tui’s side, as long as he confirmed that it was related to stimulation, he could locate it with his illusory introspection and activate it. The time might be three to five days. Half a month would be considered too long. Thus, Xu Tui had the second genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state.

However, Xu Tui still did not have any new abilities. Other than the slight increase in the Heart Sword Heart Eye, he did not obtain any other abilities.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. There were only two possibilities for this to happen.

The first possibility was that Xu Tui needed to activate a complete genetic ability chain before the new ability could be clearly defined or obtained.

The other possibility was that Xu Tui might obtain a new ability after activating the two genetic base points in the quantum entanglement state. However, because it was an exploration of genetic base points, there was no experience to refer to. He might have obtained the ability, but he had not discovered it yet.

No matter which possibility it was, Xu Tui continued to cultivate the Heart Sword Heart Eye and search for the next genetic base point related to the quantum entanglement state. Of course, he was only cultivating continuously. There wasn’t much activity.

“Xu Tui, through the public monitor, we discovered that the four target figures, Number Six, Number Seven, Number Eight, and Number Nine, have all returned to their respective strongholds. Number 10 was still missing, but he was not the main person. I think you can consider taking action.” On the desk in front of Xu Tui, a bionic mechanical dog the size of an egg was raising its head toward Xu Tui. It looked like it was talking. But no sound came. In reality, the voice had entered Xu Tui’s ears through his earpiece.

“Where’s Li Jin? He didn’t leave, did he?” Xu Tui asked through mental communication.

“He made an appearance at the opening ceremony of the seminar the day before yesterday. He has a speech scheduled for the closing ceremony of the seminar three days later. Li Jin, who is at the critical moment of being promoted to the director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, will not be absent from such a grand event,” Ah Huang said.

“What about Target Number Two?”

“Target Number Two’s schedule for the next few days is similar to Li Jin’s. He should be in Lion City for the next few days. However, the network of his residence and office was almost a semi-independent network. I could not hack into it. It was the same for Li Jin’s residence and office. This is a difficult problem that needs to be resolved urgently,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright.” Xu Tui nodded. Since all the important targets were here, he will begin. “Ah Huang, I’ll leave the hotel’s security surveillance to you.”@@novelbin@@

“Don’t worry. The image of you going out next won’t appear on any monitors or databases,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui stood up, opened his suitcase, and changed into a suit that most of the participants would be wearing. Then, he took out a bionic face mask from the password box and gently pasted it on his face.

The mask squirmed and quickly fused with the skin on Xu Tui’s face. As it continuously extended and changed, the traces at the edge completely disappeared. At this moment, no one would be able to notice that Xu Tui was wearing a mask if they observed him up close, even if they were holding a magnifying glass. It was a young man with a slightly gloomy expression. He looked to be in his late twenties.

Then, Xu Tui took out a set of electronic identity information from the password box and installed it on his personal communication device.

“Alright, the identity change is complete. Your current identity information is Weng Guan, a young man from Lion City in Sing-Malaysia Sector. You can spend two minutes memorizing the entire set of information. Of course, I’ll remind you if anything happens,” Ah Huang said.

“Are there any problems with this identity?”

“Unless you plan to live in Sing-Malaysia Sector forever, it won’t be a problem to use it for a short time! He was a water-type supernatural being at the Genetic Mutation Realm. He had gone to the beach to cultivate a year ago and had not been heard from since. In the Military Intelligence Bureau of the Sing-Malaysia Sector, the information they had of Weng Guan was that he was cultivating and lost contact. He has not been classified as a missing person,” Ah Huang said.

“Nice!” Xu Tui, who had memorized the relevant information, moved his mind power slightly and greeted the female special agent next door. “Miss An, I’m going out to settle some matters. If anyone comes to look for me, I won’t see them.”

“Be careful.” In the room next door, An Xiaoxue muttered as if she was talking to the air. These words seemed to have sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. This was the reason why An Xiaoxue’s Spiritual Resonance Genetic Ability Chain had not been completely activated. However, it should be soon.

The greatest characteristic of a Genetic Miracle member was that as long as they could find a thread of genetic ability, they would be able to straighten it out and begin to strengthen it in the shortest time possible.

In his mental perception, the guest corridor was empty. Xu Tui went out. The moment he went out, the electronic cameras in the corridor of the guest room turned slightly. If someone could see the situation in the surveillance room and the guest room corridor at the same time, they would realize that Xu Tui was clearly standing in the guestroom corridor, but the surveillance footage in the surveillance room was empty. It was as if it was air.

Xu Tui walked into the elevator. It was the same for the surveillance cameras. The elevator descended. On a certain floor, another guest wanted to go down. He pressed on the elevator button with all his might, but the elevator button seemed to have malfunctioned. There was no movement. The elevator only became effective when Xu Tui passed by it.

“Strange,” The guest muttered as he walked into the other elevator that had just arrived.

The moment he stepped into the hotel lobby, Xu Tui activated his spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation at the same time. Under the silent influence, all the security guards in the hotel were attracted by beautiful black-silk legs passing by. At this moment, the beautiful black-silk legs seemed to have an exceptional absorption ability. Every step she took made the hearts of the security guards and employees skip a beat. They gulped.

“These legs are so beautiful!”

“I could play with these legs!”

Many security guards exclaimed in admiration from the bottom of their hearts.

Xu Tui was like a ghost. He left the hotel lobby without attracting anyone’s attention and gradually left. As Xu Tui gradually left, the black-silk legs that the security guards and employees were obsessed with suddenly became a little flawed.

It did not seem long enough. It was a little thick! Oh my god, why did I have a fantasy about an old lady’s leg just now! Did anything happen to me? When they saw the owner of the pair of beautiful black-silk legs that they had been obsessed with just now, the security guards, including the security captain on duty, sighed at the same time. Were they too tired from being in charge of security these few days?

Amidst their self-doubt, the security captain on duty let out a long sigh and looked outside the hotel. There was a back view of a young man boarding an unmanned taxi at the hotel berth. Did the young man leave the hotel? It did not seem so.

The security captain gave himself an answer.