Chapter 666 - 666 Who Is The Mastermind? (2)

666 Who Is the Mastermind? (2)

With that, Liu Yihe left.

As soon as Liu Yihe left, Li Jin picked up the chip and checked it. The more he checked, the more bitter his expression became.

Li Jin had indeed come into contact with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization and had made deals with them more than once. However, he really did not know that Zheng Jian was a senior member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Otherwise, he would have eliminated such a time bomb as soon as possible.

But now, even Zheng Jian’s daughter said that Zheng Jian often brought her to Li Jin’s house as a guest. He had brought his wife and daughter to his superior’s house more than once. What was this called? This was called the good of the family! They had a close relationship!

Twenty minutes later, Li Jin took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. He stood up and Li Zifeng quickly looked over. “Let’s go to the meeting.”

…

In the suite of the Star Sand Hotel, Xu Tui kept flipping through the news. He could not hide his disappointment.

Xu Tui knew that his plan had succeeded from the news that Zheng Jian was a senior member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization yesterday afternoon.

The Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee reacted quickly enough. They directly threw out Li Jin, the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee.

Li Jin was mainly responsible for Zheng Jian, a senior member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, sneaking into the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee to become a high-ranking official.

Li Jin took the blame and resigned. At the same time, he would be examined by the Sing-Malaysia Security Bureau.

Xu Tui had achieved his first goal. He successfully caused Li Jin’s social death! However, the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee’s treatment of Li Jin disappointed Xu Tui.

Whether it was the truth or the relevant evidence that Xu Tui had deliberately left behind, it proved that Li Jin had a close relationship with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization and had made more than one deal.

However, the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee only asked Li Jin to take the blame and resign. They wanted to use this opportunity to appease the public’s resentment and public opinion. There was no substantial punishment.

Although Xu Tui knew the reason very well, he was still disappointed. He was disappointed in the current Genetic Committee. This was the cover of power!

Xu Tui suddenly understood Old Sha’s thoughts. The reason why the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee asked Li Jin to resign was very simple. It was also to protect the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee itself.

Just think about it. If the news that the deputy director of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, Li Jin, had a close relationship with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization and even had a deal spread, the entire leadership of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee would probably have to resign!

Less than half a day after the scandal broke out, the relevant organizations on the Blue Star issued a related announcement.

The Huaya Genetic Committee decided to remove Li Jin from the position of deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee. At the same time, the position of deputy director that was allocated to the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee would be temporarily vacated before the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee completed its self-investigation.

Then, the Moon base issued a relevant announcement. The Phobos’ Combat Command issued a relevant announcement. The Mars Huaya Sector Base, the Mars European Sector Base, and the Mars American Sector Base all issued relevant announcements. They would suspend the relevant rights and responsibilities of the garrison personnel in the Sing-Malaysia Sector until the investigation was completed.

The relevant organizations on the Blue Star also immediately issued an announcement to remove Li Jin.

From now on, the Blue Star Genetic Committee would deprive Li Jin of the mid-grade Level B individual rights that he had obtained from his position. Li Jin’s individual rights would return to its original level.

At this moment, the former vice-chairman of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee officially announced his social death. These were all on the surface.

Many of them had been sent out silently. For example, Li Jin moved out of the tightly guarded official residence. He had lost the high-standard safety protection of the Security Bureau.

Of course, as a former high-ranking official in the Sing-Malaysia Sector, Li Jin still had basic safety protection. After all, the information and intelligence he had in the Sing-Malaysia Sector was top-notch.

At the same time, Li Jin also lost his freedom. He was not locked up in jail. Instead, he could not leave Lion City before the security bureau’s investigation was over.

“Li Jin’s social death has been completed. Now, we have to move on to the second step.” In the suite, Xu Tui pulled out the plan and examined it again.

The second step of the plan was to deal with Li Jin. He had to completely deal with the mastermind. However, this was not as easy as he had imagined. A centipede would not die unscathed!

Xu Tui had to be very careful.

…

The grand event organized by the Sing-Malaysia Sector that involved genetic newcomers directly absorbing origin energy had a grand opening. Due to the influence of the Zheng Jian and Li Jin incident, it ended hastily.

After the meeting ended, Xu Tui tactfully expressed his intention to tour the Sing-Malaysia Sector to the organizers through the special agents accompanying him.

With Xu Tui’s current status, the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College naturally gladly agreed. They even assigned Xu Tui a private car and a guide.

Xu Tui wandered around the Sing-Malaysia Sector for two days. This was the first time Xu Tui had traveled in his life. He would be exceptionally happy when he was alone with the female special agent beside him. However, due to his status, Xu Tui was followed by two other special agents half the time. Two men advancing and retreating with him! If he did not have this disguise, Xu Tui would have been rather comfortable traveling around with An Xiaoxue.

At night, Xu Tui returned to the hotel. After dinner and a rest, he changed his appearance again and quietly went out.

“According to my surveillance for the past five days, Li Jin has been living in seclusion in his own villa. The security team sent by the Sing-Malaysia Security Bureau to protect Li Jin was divided into three groups of three. Each group had a shift of eight hours. According to the information, the captain seemed to be in the Genetic Evolution Realm. Other than that, there are a few attendants who are taking care of his daily life.”

“Where’s his Genetic Transmutation Realm driver?”

“The public information is that the experts of the Sing-Malaysia Security Bureau have been transferred away.”

“Where’s Li Zifeng?”

“In the surveillance footage three days ago, Li Zifeng left with his suitcase and never appeared again.”

“Is there any information about Li Zifeng from other public channels?”

“We haven’t gathered any relevant data yet,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui nodded and chuckled.

Li Jin’s villa was located near the sea on the mountain. It had an excellent view. Night fell. Li Jin, who looked a little haggard, sat on the balcony and looked up at the starry sky, listening to the waves. He had never been as quiet in all these years. He sat there for an entire day without being disturbed. This made Li Jin’s thoughts clearer and wiser. Therefore, he was waiting!

He had been waiting here.

Suddenly, the pendant on Li Jin’s chest involuntarily trembled slightly, emitting a layer of ripples that were difficult to see with the naked eye. Looking at the moving pendant, Li Jin suddenly smiled! It was the only smile he had shown in the past five days.

The mastermind who was dealing with him had finally arrived! He had fought with Huang Changyan for so many years, but he had always been the one who had the upper hand. Without the help of external forces, it was impossible for Huang Changyan to cause his social death and loss of power in an extremely short period of time.

On the second night of the incident, under his instructions, Li Zifeng secretly captured and interrogated the major who had made a great contribution by capturing many members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

The source of the information pointed to one of the major’s long-term informants. However, this long-term informant did not know anything after multiple interrogations. Many people had seen the abnormal behavior of the gardener in Huang Changyan’s official residence. It was not a secret.@@novelbin@@

Li Jin knew that he was trapped by the mastermind.

This was a little ironic. Over the years, he had been the mastermind countless times. However, this time, someone else had been the mastermind. It was really ironic.

Therefore, Li Jin was waiting! The mastermind who targeted him had very strong mind power. He was proficient in many radiation-related abilities, such as advanced hypnosis, spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and so on. He had a grudge against Li Jin!

However, he had forgotten how many enemies he had. Today, he should be able to get to know who the enemy who caused his social death was.

“Since you’re here, come in. Let’s have a drink!” Looking at the mental protection pendant that was emitting abnormal fluctuations in front of his chest, Li Jin, who was facing the sea, shouted.