Chapter 672 - 672 Energy Teleportation And Qu Qingshan’S Decision (1)

672 Energy Teleportation and Qu Qingshan’s Decision (1)

The appointment with the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, was on the 18th of March.

Xu Tui, who had experienced many life-and-death battles in the extra-terrestrial, was no longer the same as before. If he had not gone to the extra-terrestrial, Xu Tui would have spent the entire day honing his combat skills and doing all kinds of tactical simulations. Now, he had no such thoughts. He did what he had to do.

Xu Tui was still training today. It had been almost ten days since he activated the second genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state.

During these ten days, Xu Tui would continuously use the Heart Sword Heart Eye ability whenever he was free. He continued to work hard and used his illusory introspection to find the third genetic base point that was fluctuating in the back of his head. He continued to activate it.

!!

The reaction of activating the third genetic base point related to the quantum entanglement state was a little big. When he activated it to 80%, he felt a needle-like pain in his head. He felt like it was expanding rhythmically. His eyes were even bloodshot. This had already reached a dangerous level in Luo Shifeng’s self-perception evaluation form. However, it was only dangerous. He was still several levels away from immediately stopping.@@novelbin@@

There were two ways to deal with this. Stop activating it or continue to slow down the activation speed. However, according to the rules, he had already activated 80% of the genetic base point. The danger of such a reaction was very low. It would be fatal if such a physical reaction happened the moment it was activated.

Xu Tui spent another three hours completing what he could have done in half an hour. It was successfully activated. It still did not form a genetic ability chain.

However, the moment the third quantum entanglement genetic base point appeared, Xu Tui observed with his illusory introspection that there was a weak energy connection between the silver double-wave main genetic base point and the two genetic base points.

This meant that the possibility of having a genetic ability chain was very high.

However, even though he had already activated three genetic base points, the ability of the main genetic base point of the quantum entanglement state still did not appear. Under normal circumstances, even if a genetic ability chain was not completely activated, a preliminary ability would appear as long as one or two genetic base points were activated.

Xu Tui was very confused. But he resolved this confusion in the afternoon.

Xu Tui was the kind of person who refused to admit defeat. Since there were no related abilities in the three genetic base points, he would continue to get the fourth genetic base point in the quantum entanglement state.

Xu Tui did not believe that his ability would not appear. If he activated a complete genetic ability chain, it would appear, right?

In the afternoon, Xu Tui controlled an Origin Crystal Powder and looked down at the traffic in the capital from a few kilometers away. The Origin Crystal powder was extremely small. It could be said that it was completely invisible as it flew slowly in the sky. However, the vision of the Heart Sword Heart Eye was not small now. It was ten meters.

Soon, Xu Tui realized that he had a stye.

In a tall building on the side of the road, what seemed to be a manager’s office or the president’s office, a man and a woman were performing a love action movie. The man was fat. The woman’s figure was curvaceous. It was explosive.

Xu Tui’s mind power trembled the moment he saw it. He was about to fall out of the Heart Sword Heart Eye state. In his anxiety, Xu Tui instinctively wanted to strengthen the Heart Sword Heart Eye on the Origin Crystal Powder.

However, he had to retract the Heart Sword Heart Eye that was far away from the maximum range of Xu Tui’s mental perception if he wanted to strengthen and replenish his mind power. He could not replenish his mind power directly.

Miraculously, Xu Tui only had that instinctive thought. Then, a wisp of mind power suddenly entered the Origin Crystal Powder. The Heart Sword Heart Eye that was about to collapse stabilized again. The romantic action movie of a man and a woman that had already faded appeared in Xu Tui’s mind again through the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

Xu Tui turned a blind eye.

A thought suddenly occurred to him.

Quantum entanglement state.

He understood! This should be the ability of the quantum entanglement state! The three genetic base points in the quantum entanglement state had already given Xu Tui an ability, but he had never noticed it.

But Xu Tui realized it now.

The Origin Crystal powder controlled by the Heart Sword Heart Eye slowly stuck to the window of the office. Xu Tui, who was four kilometers away, shook his mind power slightly. Almost at the same time, a wisp of mind power appeared in the Origin Crystal Powder and exploded slightly.

Bang!

There was a knock on the window, directly ending the action movie that was being played. The woman screamed and squatted on the ground. The man looked for his clothes in a panic.

Of course, Xu Tui could not see this scene. When he exploded his mind power through the Origin Crystal Powder of the Heart Sword Heart Eye, the Heart Sword Heart Eye was gone.

Xu Tui began to experiment continuously.

An hour later, Xu Tui had a preliminary understanding of the direction of the quantum entanglement state ability. Of course, it might only be a portion of it.

The quantum entanglement state of the energy form. In layman’s terms, the ability of the three genetic base points related to the quantum entanglement state that had been activated was to send the energy form from one point to another through the quantum entanglement state.

Currently, there were only two points in the quantum entanglement state. It was just like the main genetic base point. It was divided into two parts. One point was with Xu Tui, and the other was outside. If Xu Tui had directly activated a mental whip, his mental whip would have appeared at another point as long as he used the ability of the quantum entanglement state.