Chapter 676 - 676 Challenging The Longhu Overall Rankings (1)

676 Challenging the Longhu Overall Rankings (1)

“I’m already in school. You can challenge me anytime.”

At nine in the morning on the 18th of March, Xu Tui received a message from the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, not long after he arrived at the library. Xu Tui slowly closed his book and stood up. He looked in the direction of the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings through the window.

When he first entered the school, he read the news there every day and watched the rankings change every day. He wanted to be on the rankings and get a higher ranking to obtain a better ranking reward.

After returning from the extra-terrestrial, Xu Tui realized that he was not as motivated as before. Not only had he become stronger, but he also had something in his wallet. The rewards for the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College did not seem to be as good as before. Especially after he obtained 100 million yuan in cash and 50 grams of Origin Crystals from Li Jin’s small safe.

Of course, for 99% of the students, the ranking reward was still very, very good.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at the arena of the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

The intergalactic battle had ended. There were still two to three months before the year-end assessment. Coupled with the fact that it was Friday, there was no one in the Longhu List Arena early in the morning. The teachers on duty were busy with their work while hugging a virtual projection keyboard.

“Hello, Teacher. I want to register for a challenge.”

Xu Tui was not wearing his freshman school uniform today. He was wearing casual sportswear. However, the teacher on duty had a sharp gaze. He immediately determined that Xu Tui was a freshman. “Student, today is Friday morning. Most of your freshmen are in class and studying. Even if you challenged them, they would probably accept the challenge in the afternoon. I suggest that you come back after three in the afternoon.” The teacher on duty was still very responsible.

“No, Teacher, I want to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings.”

The words ‘Longhu Overall Rankings’ stunned the teacher on duty. A few seconds later, he remembered something. “You are… Xu Tui, the first-year Dragon?”

Among the freshmen, only the first-year Dragon, Xu Tui, could challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings. Not even the first-year Tiger, Peter, could do it. In three to five months, Peter, the first-year Tiger, might have the strength to enter the last five of the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“Yes, Teacher.”

“You are currently ranked 64th. Which rank are you prepared to challenge?” the teacher on duty asked.

“Fifty-fourth.”

Xu Tui’s ranking on the Longhu Overall Rankings had reached the 59th place. However, in the past few months, Xu Tui’s ranking had dropped because other students had successfully challenged the rankings.

“Alright, I’ll inform the 54th place and the teacher on duty. It might take some time.” He was about to make a call when the teacher on duty suddenly said, “Xu Tui, if I may ask, are you only going to fight one or two rounds in the rankings today, or are you going to kill your way into the top ten of the Longhu Overall Rankings?”

Xu Tui was confused.

“No, if you want to enter the top 20 of the Longhu Overall Rankings, then an ordinary teacher on duty at the Genetic Evolution Realm might not be able to do it. It might not even be enough for a professor at the Genetic Transmutation Realm to be on duty. I have to inform them in advance,” the teacher on duty said.

“Then you can inform them.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui did not know how this news was passed on. However, 15 minutes later, the classes of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College exploded! Especially the first-years and second-years who are attending the public lessons, they discussed it with the teacher who was giving a lecture on the spot.

They had to watch the battle!

This was another form of increasing their combat experience.

They had to observe the battles of experts!

They could not miss it.

There were all kinds of reasons. Many teachers agreed and stopped the class. Some teachers did not like this situation and continued with their lessons. However, they immediately lost to reality. The bold students had all kinds of reasons to take leave and left the class.

Headache, need to pee, low blood sugar, period pain, etc. The problem was, there were also several male students. Why did your stomach hurt too? Helpless, they could only temporarily stop class.

It was rumored that Xu Tui, who had caused all of this, had the potential to fight for the throne. Some people said that Xu Tui was going to enter the top ten of the Longhu Overall Rankings today. Such a battle could not be missed. There was a surging crowd.

Xu Tui, who was sitting in the resting area of the Longhu Overall Rankings Arena, suddenly sensed something. A stream of people surged into the surroundings of the Longhu Overall Rankings Arena from all directions. There were also popular video owners who were holding up their live-stream equipment and preparing to broadcast.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s communication device rang.

“F*ck, Brother, you’re not honest. Why didn’t you tell me you were going to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings? I’ll occupy a spot in advance. Save a seat in the front row for your special assistant today.” It was a message from Cui Xi.

“I… F*ck… Are we still brothers? Why didn’t you inform me about such a major matter!!!” Chai Xiao’s message.

“I’ll wait for you.” Luo Murong.

“Save me a spot!” Yan Lie.

Message after message. In less than ten minutes, the seats around the Longhu Overall Rankings Arena were filled. Even the corridor was filled. Xu Tui could already see Cui Xi shouting that he was his assistant. He puffed out his huge chest and charged forward with all his might.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s mental perception moved slightly. The air at the edge of the arena swayed, and Yan Lie appeared out of thin air. This fellow had actually used his ability to enter the innermost circle.

Immediately, the students nearby who saw this scene criticized him.@@novelbin@@