Chapter 671 - 671 The Secret Of The Abnormal Load Of Mind Power (2)

671 The Secret of the Abnormal Load of Mind Power (2)

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui’s expectant gaze and slowly shook her head. “I don’t know either.”

Xu Tui was stunned. An Xiaoxue did not know either? That was impossible. An Xiaoxue had special level one rights to the Research Institute Number 14 and Ah Huang. According to Ah Huang, special level one rights were the highest authority other than the founder rights.

“I’m only coming into contact with some basic work on the abnormal load of mind power project. It’s actually maintenance. Of course, my rights could check the relevant research information after I apply and obtain the approval of at least one other colleague with special level one rights.

“However, Mr. Ji told me that those whose cultivation had not reached the Genetic Transmutation Realm could not conduct research on the abnormal load of mind power. Moreover, for those who had not reached the Genetic Transmutation Realm, knowing about it would bring them disaster.” An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui with a hidden meaning.

“Knowing is a disaster?” Xu Tui frowned. “Li Jin targeted me previously only because I might know about this information in the future and set up a plan in advance?”

“Of course.”

“Is longevity, or rather, is the extension of life that tempting to them?”

“Mr. Ji said that the older a person is, the more important their life is. Moreover, longevity can only be a side effect of the abnormal load of mind power,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Longevity is just a side effect of the abnormal load of mind power? Miss An, what kind of research is the abnormal load of mind power?” Xu Tui asked.

An Xiaoxue shook her head again. “I’m not sure about the details. I’ve never come into contact with them. I only know that the research on the abnormal load of mind power involves spirits and is even related to a few alien species,” An Xiaoxue said.

“It involves spirits and is related to alien species? Isn’t this research too powerful? Miss An, you have the rights. Can you hold back from looking?”

“Why should I look?”

“Curiosity.”

“What’s there to be curious about? I naturally know everything I need to know. Just like your clone body, I can see through it at a glance. I can’t see what I shouldn’t know.”

Xu Tui: “…”

Critical Hit and Kill! Xu Tui wanted to say that this was unfair. Why can Miss An see through his clone body but he can’t see hers?

“If you really want to know, I’ll apply for special level one rights for you after you become a genetic evolver. At that time, you should be able to know a portion of the core information. But not now. It is too dangerous. Even I don’t dare to look,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Would the enemy know if I take a look?” Xu Tui was a little curious.

“Among the people who are coveting this research technology, Li Jin is just a small fry. The truly terrifying ones are those quasi-planetary-level and planetary-level powerhouses. Besides, I have to remind you. At your current level, you have to change your way of looking at everything. You could not look at everything with the technological perspective you learned in school. You should use a supernatural perspective to see everything. Do you understand?”

After pondering for a few minutes, Xu Tui, who understood the situation, followed An Xiaoxue’s instructions with great difficulty and forcefully twisted his worldview. In the future, he had to look at the world with supernatural eyes!

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who had collected all the genetic information, left.

An Xiaoxue, on the other hand, had to undergo the most preliminary synthesis of a clone body. This was also the most crucial step. However, with mature technology, there was no possibility of failure. Moreover, with Ah Huang’s help, it was not too tiring.

The first thing Ah Huang did when it entered the biochemical collection room was to help An Xiaoxue collect all the genetic information. “Let’s begin. 50 milliliters of blood, 0.2 milliliters of bone marrow, 0.2 milliliters of cerebrospinal fluid, and 0.2 milliliters of head gland fluid,” An Xiaoxue ordered Ah Huang.

Ah Huang was not silenced by An Xiaoxue, especially in front of her. Hearing this data, Ah Huang, who was used to doing such things, was a little surprised. “Xiaoxue, we should collect 2 milliliters of bone marrow and cerebrospinal fluid for 20 clones. 0.2 milliliters is only enough for two clones, right?”

“Two medical bodies are enough,” An Xiaoxue said silently.

“That’s not right. You should have 20. Those 18 can’t be idle.”

An Xiaoxue did not say anything, but when Ah Huang scanned the data, it was suddenly shocked. “The bone marrow and cerebrospinal fluid you collected for Xu Tui just now were in excess. It reached 5.8 milliliters. You…”

Looking at this data, Ah Huang, who was an advanced artificial mutated intelligence, immediately understood.

“The stronger a person at the Genetic Mutation Realm is, the more variables there will be when they break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. I’m afraid that 40 clones won’t be enough for Xu Tui. Give him mine. 58 clones should be enough,” An Xiaoxue said.

“That’s true.” Ah Huang nodded. “However, Xiaoxue, what about you? The Dimensional Explosion you cultivate is almost like an exploration cultivation. You don’t have a clone body. What if something happens to your cultivation?”

“It’s fine. I’ll just be careful. It’ll only be a year or two at most,” An Xiaoxue said.

“No, I have to get Xu Tui to speed up his advancement to the Genetic Evolution Realm to prevent anything from happening to you.” Ah Huang was a little anxious.

An Xiaoxue’s gaze shifted, and her voice shifted. “High-level artificial intelligence super quantum computer, Ah Huang. I order you, with special level one rights, to not reveal anything that was involved in the conversation just now to Xu Tui in any form.” An Xiaoxue patched up the mute spell.

“Command received. Begin implementation.” Ah Huang first replied in a mechanical voice, then became a little anxious. “Xiaoxue, why don’t you let Xu Tui know? There’s nothing wrong with letting him break through quickly.”

“Breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm is the foundation of the later stages. He can’t be anxious.” Ah Huang wanted to say something, but An Xiaoxue glared at it. “Do it!”

After being stunned for a few seconds, Ah Huang suddenly said, “I understand!”@@novelbin@@

“What do you understand?”

“A woman in love. You’re in love!” Ah Huang said.

This time, An Xiaoxue did not object. She smiled sweetly. Even Ah Huang, a high-level artificial intelligence, found that smile pleasing to the eye. He still wanted to watch!

…

At night, Xu Tui returned to the dormitory and organized his thoughts. He called Cheng Mo again. The call did not go through. He only received an automatic message reply.

[Out cultivating, will contact you after I’m back.].

Xu Tui called Cheng Mo’s classmates and found out that Cheng Mo had gone on a clearing mission. In the past few months, Cheng Mo had to go out for a clearing mission every month. He was very diligent.

He thought about it and called Tang Ding. They had not contacted each other in a long time. The call still did not go through. The reply to the automated message was: Closed-door military training, leave a message.

Xu Tui was speechless. However, Tang Ting had entered the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College. It was normal for him to undergo closed-door military training.

Xu Tui thought about it and called the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong.

“Hailong, do you know where Li Zhouchen has been recently?” Xu Tui asked.

“He returned to the Blue Star, but I don’t know where he is. Why? Do you want to fight?” Zhao Hailong asked.

“Yes, I want to fight him. Although we can’t be in the limelight, as a good man of Huaxia, we won’t be able to stand up to the title of the Dragon and Tiger of Huaxia if we don’t fight for it,” Xu Tui said.

“Then I’ll help you contact him.”

“Alright, thank you!”

“Scram!

Actually, Xu Tui had had the thought of challenging the Longhu Overall Rankings ever since he returned from the extra-terrestrial. However, at that time, Xu Tui had been fully focused on his plan to deal with Li Jin. It was not good to be in the limelight. It wouldn’t be great if his performance was too eye-catching and attracted the variables in his plan.

At this moment, Li Jin had already been beheaded. Xu Tui could now fight for the title of Huaxia’s Dragon and Tiger. As for the mastermind of the other wave of enemies that he had found out previously, Kitawan and Itavi, Xu Tui was not anxious.

A quasi-planetary-level and a planetary-level powerhouse. It was not something Xu Tui could shake at the moment. He had to take his time.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui received an unfamiliar message.

“I’m Li Zhouchen. I’ll start returning to school tomorrow. I’ll wait for you on the Longhu Overall Rankings the day after tomorrow.”

“Okay!