Chapter 678 - 678 The White Clothes I’M Wearing Today

678 The White Clothes I’m Wearing Today@@novelbin@@

The eighth place in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was called Wei Yuhang. Mystery Branch, a supernatural being with fire and wind abilities. He was a newly promoted third-year Tiger.

Luo Murong, the original third-year Tiger, had been promoted to a third-year Dragon after Chu Wei died in battle. However, many people would hold back their strength once they entered the Longhu Overall Rankings, especially after they entered a certain ranking. They would not reveal all their trump cards for the sake of one or two rankings. They would have similar actions after experiencing the cruel extraterrestrial combat.

Wei Yuhang, according to the evaluation of many people, definitely had the strength to fight for the top five of the Longhu Overall Rankings. After returning from the extra-terrestrial last time, he had easily entered the eighth place and did not continue to challenge.

At this moment, Xu Tui wanted to challenge Wei Yuhang. Before the person involved could say anything, the students watching the battle started arguing. This was especially so for those who were watching the live broadcast. The comments that were arguing over this had completely drowned the live broadcast.

“I think that Fire Wind Wei might just admit defeat!”

“Admit defeat my ass. If a third-year Tiger admits defeat directly, he can forget about living.”

“Fire Wind Wei is the same as the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen. He’s a dual-element superb individual. Impressive.”

“Tsk, he will definitely be insta-killed!”

“Instant kill? Impossible!”

“My Sword God hasn’t even taken out his sword!”

“Sword God, pfft, where did he come from…”

While the bullet screen was in an uproar, Wei Yuhang, who was wearing a custom-made combat uniform, went on stage. Just by looking at Wei Yuhang’s custom-made combat uniform, he knew that Wei Yuhang was definitely going to accept the challenge. Furthermore, he should be going all out.

“Xu Tui, you are very strong. The probability of me losing is as high as 70%. However, I still want to fight! You have to be careful. I’ll go all out in this battle. I won’t hold back!” Wei Yuhang took the initiative to say.

As Xu Tui nodded gently, Wei Yuhang looked at Zheng Shaohong, who was on duty in the arena.

As the current dean of the Supernatural Branch, Zheng Shaohong was said to be the strongest person in the Mystery Branch of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College other than the principal, the dean of the Mystery Branch, and a few old professors.

Even the current vice-chairman of the Mystery Branch, Wei Dajiang, was inferior to Zheng Shaohong in terms of strength. It was enough for Zheng Shaohong to preside over the battle for the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“Mr. Zheng, you’ll have to trouble yourself. I’ll go all out in this battle. If anything happens, please take action in time,” Wei Yuhang said to Zheng Shaohong.

“This is my duty,” Zheng Shaohong said.

Wei Yuhang bowed slightly. He then looked at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, aren’t you going to wear your combat uniform?”

Xu Tui was a little speechless. This Wei Yuhang was really talkative. “No need.”

Xu Tui’s answer made Wei Yuhang’s face turn slightly red. He was wearing a custom-made combat uniform, but Xu Tui was not even wearing a combat uniform. There was only one reason for that. He was absolutely confident.

Wei Yuhang could sense the immense confidence and contempt in Xu Tui’s voice.

Yes, Xu Tui had underestimated him. However, Wei Yuhang had also participated in the intergalactic battle. The person ranked first on the four combat rankings of Mars this year had such qualifications! He could only rely on his strength if he did not want to be underestimated. He silently walked to the standard combat position, indicating that he was ready.

Almost at the same time, a five-second countdown screen rose.

Wei Yuhang raised three wind and fire shields that could attack and defend. He could become a third-year Tiger because he had powerful strength.

The five-second countdown ended.

The moment the countdown ended, a green light rose under Wei Yuhang’s feet and he flew into the sky. He immediately avoided Xu Tui’s Earth Spike and did not give Xu Tui any chance to attack with the Earth Spike Cage.

Xu Tui only smiled at this. He had no intention of using the Earth Spike Cage. During the five-second countdown, Xu Tui had basically seen through Wei Yuhang’s situation through the energy perception in his mind. He saw the green light gathering at his feet.

Xu Tui had long determined that the first thing Wei Yuhang did was soar into the sky before attacking. Such an accurate prediction made Xu Tui feel like he was cheating. The moment Wei Yuhang soared into the sky, a small mountain instantly materialized and smashed towards Wei Yuhang’s head.

Wei Yuhang’s mind power was also very powerful. He immediately sensed it. He slashed with his right hand, and five huge green wind blades that were more than 1.5 meters long turned above his head.

At the same time, a huge wind fire shield instantly spun above his head. There was nothing wrong with Wei Yuhang’s actions. He had both offense and defense! If the wind blade could not kill Xu Tui’s attack, the wind fire shield definitely could.

However, in the next moment, an extremely surprising and shocking scene appeared. Wei Yuhang’s five huge wind blades that were aimed at the Mountain Formula suddenly dissipated.

They’re gone! It dissipated! Not only did the five wind blades dissipate, but most of the wind fire shields above Wei Yuhang’s head also strangely dissipated.

Wei Yuhang was in a daze when Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula hit him on the head. He fell to the ground.

Mental Vibrating Whip!

Wei Yuhang was on guard, but they were all dispersed by Xu Tui’s mental whip. Wei Yuhang had also gone through life and death on the Mars battlefield. His reaction was extremely fast. The moment he was smashed to the ground, flames rose again.

However, the flames only rose for a moment before dissipating. That was because Xu Tui’s Earth Spike Cage had not only trapped him the moment he fell, but the spikes had also reached his throat. If he did not stop, would he be stabbed in the throat?

Seeing this scene, the tense aura around Zheng Shaohong, the dean of the Supernatural Branch, slowly dissipated. There was already sweat on his palms.

To be honest, Zheng Shaohong had interfered in the short exchange just now. If he interfered too early, it would affect the battle. If he interfered too late, he would not have a chance. This was because Xu Tui’s attacks could easily determine life and death.

For example, Xu Tui was controlling the spike at Wei Yuhang’s throat. If he really stabbed down without holding back the moment it appeared, even Zheng Shaohong would not be able to stop him. It was too fast!

The earth spike cage dissipated, but Wei Yuhang stood there as if he had lost his soul. There was a 70% chance that he would lose? Would he injure the other party? It was only at this moment that Wei Yuhang realized how ridiculous his previous words were. It was no wonder that Xu Tui was unwilling to even wear a combat uniform. He was not belittling him.

It was because Xu Tui was very confident that he did not have a chance. He didn’t even have a chance to attack Xu Tui seriously. Was this the strength of the first place on the 2138 Mars combat rankings?

The entire Longhu Arena was silent. Many of the students who were in a daze and could not help but send a bullet comment were about to go crazy.

“Can someone tell me what happened?”

“Who lost?”

“Why did he lose?”

“Why is it so fast?”

“That’s right. It’s too fast. One second!”

“I don’t think there’s a second!”

“This strength…”

Many third-year and fourth-year seniors felt a toothache when they saw Xu Tui in the arena of the Longhu List. Wasn’t he too powerful? It was said that Xu Tui, who was ranked first on the four rankings, was the strongest, right?

However, Xu Tui had not even used the shadow of his flying sword. Was he that powerful when his strongest attack, the flying sword, was not out?

On the lamppost a few hundred meters away, Li Zhouchen’s combat uniform fluttered in the wind, but his eyes narrowed. Was that attack just now the rarest mental attack in the Mystery Branch? It seemed to have the effect of shaking mind power and breaking the connection between mind power and superpowers.

Li Zhouchen’s gaze was like a torch. Even if he did not know Xu Tui’s ability, he had already deduced it from his performance during the battle. Moreover, Li Zhouchen had been studying Xu Tui’s information for a long time. This was especially so for some of Xu Tui’s battle videos in the extra-terrestrial.

Next, Xu Tui naturally challenged the fifth place on the Longhu List. The fifth place on the Longhu List was Yang Xian, a fourth-year student. He is an earth-element superb individual. He was famous for his extremely powerful defense. He is an earth-type supernatural being who can’t be beaten to death but would exhaust his opponent to death.

Yang Xian was already present. Seeing that Xu Tui wanted to challenge him, Yang Xian jumped onto the Longhu List Arena. However, he was not in a hurry to walk toward the standard combat position.

“Was it a mental attack ability that made Wei Yuhang’s wind blades and wind fire shields disappear just now? Can it dispel the superpowers of others?” Yang Xian took the initiative to ask.

“Not exactly. But you could say that!”

“Why don’t you try my stone wall?” Yang Xian casually raised a diamond-shaped stone wall and protected himself.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned, but he still used the mental vibrating whip. In the next moment, Yang Xian’s extremely thick diamond-shaped stone wall disappeared.

“Damn, that’s really good.” Yang Xian exclaimed, “Hey, isn’t this a pervert? He specialized in breaking my defenses. I can’t fight him. I’m not fighting. I admit defeat.” With that, Yang Xian jumped off the stage cleanly.

Xu Tui: “…”

The teacher on duty: “…”

The students watching the battle: “…”

Didn’t they say that the battles of the Longhu Overall Rankings, especially the top 10, were extremely exciting? They were all life and death battles. The crowd rushed over and took a good seat. Wasn’t it to see things clearly? But why did you admit defeat one by one? The big shots in the top ten of the Longhu Overall Rankings, do you have any shame?

Countless comments instantly filled the live-stream.

“Next round, Xu Tui will challenge Luo Murong, who is ranked third on the Longhu Overall Rankings.”

That’s right. Luo Murong was ranked third on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Last September, Luo Murong was only ranked tenth on the Longhu Overall Rankings. When he returned from his trip to the extra-terrestrial, Luo Murong’s strength soared, but he managed to reach third place on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

As Luo Murong, who was wearing a white Hanfu and had his hair tied into a high bun, slowly stepped onto the stage of the Longhu Overall Rankings with a golden saber in his hand, countless screams rang out from all directions.

They were all female voices! There were countless fangirls! The comments instantly changed.

“Husband will definitely win!”

“My husband will definitely win!”

“My ex-husband will definitely win!”

“My future boyfriend will definitely win!”

“If you dare to make my husband lose, we’ll let Xu Tui have a horse on his head!”

…

Ah Huang secretly projected a small portion of the bullet screen for Xu Tui. It made Xu Tui tremble in fear. Once fangirls became obsessed, it was equivalent to activating the Unparalleled. No one could stop him.

However, Xu Tui was curious. How could he raise a horse on his head? Even if someone were to cheat on him, she had to first become Xu Tui’s woman, right?

“Murong.” Xu Tui nodded slightly in greeting.

Luo Murong stared at Xu Tui. “My saber light has a reach of 13 meters. I’ll stand in the combat position and attack on the spot. Can I strike you?”

“You won’t have a chance to attack!”

“You want to use that move?”

“I don’t have the confidence in your saber with Lion’s Roar. So I’ll definitely use it!”

Luo Murong frowned. “Then there’s no need to fight. It won’t be good if my white clothes get dirty.” With that, Luo Murong turned around and left the stage without looking back. “I lost!”

Those two words stunned the people around the Longhu Arena. It was as if they had been cast with a silent spell.

The comments in the live-stream also froze!

Luo Murong’s fangirls thought of many possibilities. One was that Luo Murong won. Their husband was the most handsome and strongest in the world. It was impossible for Luo Murong to lose! However, they did not expect Luo Murong to admit defeat!

“Wow, hubby is so handsome!”

“Yay, my child’s father is so handsome. He’s so handsome even when he admits defeat…”

…

Almost at the same time, the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, also looked at Luo Murong’s back. He knew what move Luo Murong was talking about!

Mental Hammer!