Chapter 674 - 674 Qu Qingshan’S Gift And Water Explosion Technique (1)

674 Qu Qingshan’s Gift and Water Explosion Technique (1)

Qu Qingshan opened the cigar and Maotai that Xu Tui had brought over in front of him. He lit two cigars first. He took a few deep breaths at one of them and carefully placed it on the table. “For Old Luo!”

Qu Qingshan picked up the other one, lit it, and started to suck. As he sucked, he started to cough violently. He coughed until tears came out. “F*ck, sometimes I even wonder if I have a gay relationship with Old Luo. This guy went to another world to fuck another form of beauty. But I can barely smoke.”

Coughing, Qu Qingshan opened the Maotai and poured it into three large teacups. The first glass spilled onto the ground. “We can’t miss Old Luo for the drinking. Come, drink with me.”

Qu Qingshan raised the large teacup at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui froze. This glass was at least three to four taels of wine and half a bottle of mineral water. If he drank it, he could forget about cultivating today.

“Mr. Qu, drinking too much will affect your mind power. Drink less.” Xu Tui did not want to drink anymore. He started to persuade Qu Qingshan.

“When Old Luo was around, he and I had two to three drinks a week. This was my second drink after Old Luo left. Come, drink with me. I’ll only be craving it in the future. I won’t drink it!”

Xu Tui: “…”

Ten seconds later, Xu Tui started coughing violently. He drank three taels of 53-degree baijiu in one go and had a fire dragon down his throat. Xu Tui wiped his mouth and realized that he was still holding the wine. He was a little stunned. “Mr. Qu, you let me drink it. Why didn’t you drink it?”

Qu Qingshan gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “As expected of a man from the Northwest. You one-shot your drink! Alright, I’ll go all out today.” Qu Qingshan raised his head and started drinking.

Xu Tui was stunned. Had he drunk too quickly?

“Wow, that’s awesome! The feeling of drinking in one shot is awesome!” Qu Qingshan smelled of alcohol. He took out a notebook from his pocket and slapped it in front of Xu Tui. “Here, this is for you!”

“This is?”

“The cultivation insights of the teachers in the School of General Senses, including my teacher, Chen Chuxuan’s cultivation notes, as well as my cultivation notes over the years. You can flip through it when you’re free. It would be best if it was useful. If it’s useless, remember to find a place to pass it down. Don’t destroy it!” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He immediately reacted. This was the cultivation essence of the entire School of General Senses. Why did Old Qu suddenly give it to him? This was…

Qu Qingshan seemed to have seen the worry in Xu Tui’s eyes. He shook his head and said, “Don’t worry. Old Luo is the one who died, not my girlfriend. I won’t take things too hard. But exploring the extraterrestrial is an extremely dangerous mission. Although I didn’t bring the School of General Senses to greater heights, I can’t waste these cultivation experiences and tricks just in case.”

Xu Tui glanced outside the door. There were still more than ten students from the School of General Senses outside.

“They can’t have it yet. If they don’t reach a certain level, taking it will only harm them. Alright, it’s fine now. My application report has been approved by the higher-ups. In a few days, I’ll go to the extra-terrestrial to participate in the early-stage training and wait to set off.” Qu Qingshan waved his hand, wanting to send Xu Tui away.

It was obvious that Qu Qingshan was very thoughtful.

“Mr. Qu, why did you suddenly think of participating in the exploration?”

Hearing this, Qu Qingshan took a deep breath of the cigars that he had lit up. “Old Luo and I became good friends on the Mars battlefield back then.

“After we returned, we made breakthroughs in our research and earned a lot of money. Our status was not bad, and we were handsome. There was no doubt that we would change women every week.

“After Old Luo left, I suddenly realized that it was meaningless. I was a little confused after thinking about it for a long time. A few days ago, I heard that Wen Shao had taken the initiative to register for the exploration. I suddenly understood where I should go. I could not be a slacker anymore! F*ck, I’ve never slept with an alien beauty in my life. I have to make it happen this time!” Qu Qingshan said nonsense, reeking of alcohol.

This was the benefit of being a bachelor.

Xu Tui left more than ten minutes later. Before he left, he placed the small gift box down in front of him. “Mr. Qu, there are two mind power Origin Crystals here. If you use them, you can replenish your mind power for emergencies. If you use them all, they will become useless mind power Origin Crystals. They can also help you directly absorb energy.

“Don’t refuse. It might be able to help you tide over the difficulties and successfully complete the wish of screwing an alien beauty. If you really do it, remember to introduce it to me.”

In the office, Qu Qingshan was stunned. He suddenly chuckled. “Alright, I’ll accept it. However, I did not expect you to have the same wish as me. Why don’t you let Xiaoxue know? Perhaps she could help you fulfill your wish?”

Xu Tui turned around and glared at him. Qu Qingshan laughed out loud and took another deep puff of his and Luo Shifeng’s cigars.

…

After leaving Qu Qingshan’s place, Xu Tui carried the same gifts and went to the office of Professor Song Zhenglin of the School of Radiation Influence.

Mr. Song was not as kind as Qu Qingshan. He also refused to accept the gifts. Xu Tui explained it repeatedly before reluctantly accepting it. However, Song Zhenglin tested Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, spiritual concealment, and other abilities on the spot. It could be considered guidance.

Even though Xu Tui had held back, Song Zhenglin was still shocked.@@novelbin@@

“Putting aside your experience, your cultivation level of the School of Radiation Influence is already on par with mine.”