Chapter 673 - 673 Energy Teleportation And Qu Qingshan’S Decision (2)

673 Energy Teleportation and Qu Qingshan’s Decision (2)

Xu Tui called it energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state. Yes, he could only achieve energy teleportation at the moment. No physical teleportation could be achieved. If he could teleport physical objects in the future, the power would be extremely abnormal. It would be very similar to An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion.

Xu Tui had once thought that he had accidentally mastered the Dimensional Explosion that An Xiaoxue had not cultivated for long. However, after hundreds of attempts, Xu Tui still discovered the difference between it and the Dimensional Explosion.

First of all, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion could teleport objects and mind power at the same time. Xu Tui could not teleport physical objects. He could only enter energy teleportation. Of course, there was also a special limit to An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion. She could only use her silver hair to use Dimensional Explosion. Other things, be it silver pills or flying swords, could not be used to use Dimensional Explosion. This made Xu Tui often worry about An Xiaoxue’s hair. However, he did not dare to say it.

Secondly, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion was extremely agile. As long as it was outside the range of her mental perception, she could launch a Dimensional Explosion attack at any point.

Xu Tui was not.

Xu Tui could use his energy teleportation at will outside the range of his mental perception. Any place that the Heart Sword Heart Eye could reach was a place that Xu Tui could reach through energy teleportation. However, he had to use the Heart Sword Heart Eye as a prerequisite.

For example, Xu Tui could not send the mental awl directly to a target five kilometers away while he was standing in Research Institute 14.

He had to first use Origin Crystal Powder or a flying sword. In any case, he had to use something that was entrusted with his mind power or Heart Sword Heart Eye to send it to the target five kilometers away. Then, he would use the energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state to send things that were pure energy over to attack or defend.

However, he had only activated three relevant genetic base points. The level of teleportation he could use was not too high.

For example, the mental awl and mental shield could be teleported over intact.

The mental vibrating whip could also be lashed across the air, but its power would be reduced. The mental hammer might be too strong and could not be teleported. The Mountain Formula and the Earth Spike Cage could not be teleported either. However, a single earth spike could blast through the air without any obstruction.

The scene was a little terrifying just thinking about it. An enemy was walking on the street. Then, an Earth Spike stabbed out like a ghost and exploded his head.

Invisible and without any trace.

This ability had great potential. Currently, he has only activated three genetic base points. What if he activated a complete quantum entanglement genetic ability chain? At that time, he would definitely be able to teleport the mental hammer, the Mountain Formula, and the Earth Spike Cage over.

Xu Tui even wondered if he could teleport a physical object after activating a complete quantum entanglement-state genetic ability chain. If he could teleport objects, would it be another form of Dimensional Explosion? What if it was strengthened into a Level 2 genetic ability chain?

Xu Tui was looking forward to it.

In less than half a day, Xu Tui had come up with a new ability. It was useful outside the range of his mental perception. Not only could it be used for simple mental attacks and defense, but it could also be used for teleportation. However, its power was a little inferior to being used within the range of his mental perception.

What was even more strange was that the method of using it within the range of his mental perception was too sinister.

For example, Xu Tui’s flying sword had mind power.

The flying sword blasted over. The moment it blasted over, it used its energy to teleport a Mountain Formula or Stab Formula, or a mental vibrating whip. That would be a seamless double strike on the enemy!

You thought it was a flying sword, but it was actually a mental attack. You think it’s a flying sword, but there are actually earth-element supernatural attacks.

Xu Tui had been playing this for most of the day. Moreover, he had used the energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state frequently. In less than half a day, he had stimulated the fourth genetic base point and successfully located the fourth genetic base point of the genetic ability chain.

However, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to activate it on the spot. It was a taboo to be anxious during exploration. No one knew if his body had suffered any internal injuries during the activation process. The best way was to rest for at least a night before activating it.

Humans, especially genetic newcomers, had powerful self-healing abilities. Even if they suffered invisible internal injuries, they could recover a portion after sleeping for a night.

At four in the afternoon, Xu Tui greeted An Xiaoxue and left the Research Institute Number 14. He took out a box of Maotais, a large box of cigars, and an exquisite small gift box from his repulsive-force flying car. These were the gifts that Xu Tui had prepared for Qu Qingshan.

Qu Qingshan was Xu Tui’s fourth teacher since he had entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The first teacher was An Xiaoxue, the second teacher was Luo Shifeng, the third teacher was Shen Jiushuang, and the fourth teacher was Qu Qingshan. This relationship was not the kind of teacher-student relationship that was common in school. Instead, it was a more intimate relationship that was similar to a master-disciple relationship. However, in this Great Genetic Age and modern society, there were fewer such terms, but they all had such recognition.

Qu Qingshan and Luo Shifeng were good friends. Back then, they were all bachelors who had a rich nightlife. Although they did not have all five poisons, cigarettes and wine were their favorites. He had been planning to deal with Li Jin since he returned. Since he was free today, Xu Tui carried some gifts to see Qu Qingshan.

There were still very few people in the Research Center of the School of General Senses where Qu Qingshan was. There were only a few of them.

After greeting them one by one, Xu Tui saw Qu Qingshan.

Qu Qingshan wiped his shiny bald head when he saw Xu Tui’s gift. He did not stand on ceremony and took it.

“Wow, at least you have a conscience. You still remembered to come and visit me. Otherwise, I would definitely look for Old Luo to nite it to you,” Qu Qingshan joked without restraint. In the end, he added, “Did you do this to the ears in front of Old Luo’s tomb? Did you avenge Old Luo?” Qu Qingshan closed the door, and the joke became serious.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. “Half of it.”

“The one from Sing-Malaysia Sector?”

It was Xu Tui’s turn to be shocked. How could he have guessed? If Qu Qingshan could guess it, would the others be able to guess it too?

Qu Qingshan shook his head when he saw Xu Tui’s shocked expression. “Don’t worry. It was a coincidence for me. I went to look for you, but you weren’t around, so I went to the Research Institute Number 14 to look for Xiaoxue. I realized that Xiaoxue wasn’t around either. Your communication device was still in silent mode.@@novelbin@@

“The day after you returned was Sunday. Every Sunday, I’ll visit Old Luo’s grave.” At this point, Qu Qingshan sighed. “I’m old and don’t want to make new friends. My old friend is gone, so I can only visit his grave.

“Then I saw the ear in front of Old Luo’s grave and read the news. Then, I realized that you had returned. Xiaoxue’s personal communication device had also returned to normal. That’s why I made the association. By the way, don’t be so careless in the future. I’ve already turned that ear into ashes for you,” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when Qu Qingshan said that. The flaw was here, and Old Qu happened to know about this. The others could not tell.

“Mr. Qu, this is also for you.” Xu Tui handed the exquisite gift box he had prepared to Qu Qingshan. “By the way, Mr. Qu, why are you looking for me and Miss An?”

“No. This thing looks like a ring. I’m a man. Why would I need it!”

“A ring?” Xu Tui was shocked on the spot. What was Qu Qingshan thinking? It was too f*cking strange. However, Xu Tui understood that Qu Qingshan was joking when he saw his mischievous smile.

“I’m your teacher. Teaching and clearing doubts is my duty. Whether you give it to me or not, I’ll still be your teacher. But you’re very considerate. I’ll accept this small amount of cigarettes and wine. The things in your small box are obviously very valuable. I won’t accept them,” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui still wanted to say something, but Qu Qingshan changed the topic. “I went to look for you, but I didn’t find you to look for Xiaoxue because I plan to go to the extra-terrestrial. I have something to tell you.”

“Mr. Qu, why are you going to the extra-terrestrial?” Xu Tui was curious.

“Exploration!”

Xu Tui was stunned.