Chapter 670 - 670 The Secret Of The Abnormal Load Of Mind Power (1)

670 The Secret of the Abnormal Load of Mind Power (1)

On the 16th of March, Xu Tui arrived at the Research Institute Number 14 early in the morning.

Today was the scheduled time to make a new life. Don’t misunderstand. The new life was a clone. This was the latest major move of the Genetic Miracle in the Research Institute Number 14.

“The first thing is to clean up and destroy the existing clones, wash and maintain the cloning equipment. Xu Tui will destroy them, and Bian Yuan will wash and maintain them. Do you have any problems with that?” As the vice-chairman of the Research Institute Number 14, An Xiaoxue directly arranged the work.

“Miss An, do I only destroy mine or yours as well?” Xu Tui asked.

“Because of the huge changes in our strength, we need to destroy them, including Bian Yuan’s.”

“Mr. Bian has one too?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“Bian Yuan has always been a member of the Genetic Miracle. As he was injured previously, he only had two clones as backup medical materials. Now, he needs to clone them all again.”

“Okay.” Xu Tui answered cutely, “Miss An, I need your authorization to operate your clone body.” Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he said that. A clone body, at least in terms of physical structure, was exactly the same as the real body.

“Ah Huang will be in charge of mine.” Outside the door of the meeting room, the golden-haired beauty that Ah Huang could control had already appeared. “The second question is about the distribution of the number of clone chambers. The cloning pods of the three teachers could not be touched. Therefore, the three of us can only distribute 100.

“Because I had already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, the need for a clone body is greatly reduced. I’ll take 20 of the new clones. Xu Tui, you and Bian Yuan will take 40 each. If there are no problems, we’ll carry it out like this,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, I think 30 of me is enough,” Xu Tui immediately said. He felt that An Xiaoxue only had 20 clones. It was too little.

“It’s not what you think, but what I think.” An Xiaoxue widened her eyes and stared at Xu Tui. “The two of you will break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm in half a year at the earliest and three years at most. If you want your breakthrough to reach the ideal level, you have to have enough clones for the precursor experiment.

“At the very least, you could eliminate the possibility of the genetic ability chain collapsing to the greatest extent and find a relatively stronger and safer way to break through. I’m announcing my decision to you. I’m not discussing it with you.”

Xu Tui was stunned. This woman was really complicated and ever-changing. The small hand that he had held the night before was drenched in sweat, the rapid heartbeat he heard without using his mental perception, had become the domineering female director of the research institute. She had completely dissed Xu Tui.

“Go and destroy it. After it’s destroyed, everyone will sleep for two hours. I’ll collect blood, bone marrow, cerebrospinal fluid, and other substances for you to create clones,” An Xiaoxue instructed.

Xu Tui stood up in embarrassment. Bian Yuan seemed to be used to a domineering woman like An Xiaoxue. He went to work happily. On the other hand, the blonde-haired that Ah Huang had transformed into had already begun her destruction work.

Xu Tui was a little surprised. Why was Ah Huang so quiet today? It did not clamor. According to Ah Huang’s habit of promoting the reproduction of human civilization, it, which was destroying An Xiaoxue’s clone bodies, might try to talk to Xu Tui again. It might even encourage Xu Tui to make some mistakes that he should make. It was surprisingly quiet.

Puzzled, Xu Tui used his communication device to enter Ah Huang’s main program. A line of red words flashed. It was extremely fierce!

“Everything I see and hear between 0800 and 0000 on the 16th of March is top secret. No one is allowed to touch it without An Xiaoxue’s permission or special password. Between 0800 and 0000 on the 16th of March, other than the main program used with special level one rights, the other programs will remain silent.”

Xu Tui mourned for Ah Huang for three seconds.

Currently, only An Xiaoxue was at Special Level 1. Xu Tui and Bian Yuan were both at Level 1. However, Bian Yuan did not have Ah Huang’s main program with him.

Destroying the clone body was a very easy job. But seeing the 40 living versions of himself being smashed into pieces and sent into the internal incinerator repeatedly, Xu Tui would have become autistic on the spot if he had not been to the battlefield. In comparison, although Bian Yuan’s cleaning job was a little tiring, it was only physical work.

It was three in the afternoon. Xu Tui and Bian Yuan, who had a good sleep, arrived at the injection collection room of the research institute. They had to collect complete genetic information and use it to make clones. The slender needle felt rather comfortable when it was inserted into Bian Yuan’s thoracic spine.

However, Xu Tui still trembled when it was his turn, even though it was not his first time experiencing it.

There was not much collected, but the process was relatively slow. During the collection process, Xu Tui suddenly said, “Miss An, does the abnormal load of mind power in the Research Institute Number 14 involve longevity?”@@novelbin@@

An Xiaoxue froze for a moment. She looked at Xu Tui with her lowered eyes, then glanced at the door. Bian Yuan, who had finished collecting, had already gone out to rest.

“I discovered it when I interrogated Li Jin that day. He mainly dealt with me to obtain the research information on the genetic miracle’s abnormal load of mind power. And the reason he wanted to obtain this research information was only to satisfy his superior’s desire to extend his life?” Xu Tui added.