Chapter 684 - 684 The Evolution And Title Of Cheng Mo’S Ability

684 The Evolution and Title of Cheng Mo’s Ability

Xu Tui arrived at the restaurant that Cheng Mo had sent him at seven in the evening.

Pangu Strange Food, Worldly Hall.

This was a relatively retro restaurant that had a hint of ancient mythology. Especially among the genetic newcomers, superpowers were becoming more and more popular. However, the location of the restaurant was more high-end.

Ah Huang had already nagged Xu Tui about the relevant information when he walked into the dining room. It was a little expensive. Of course, that was only for Xu Tui in the past.

The private room was called the Worldly Hall. The private room was not big, but the name sounded impressive. He pushed the door open and entered. Cheng Mo was alone in the private room.

Cheng Mo stood up abruptly and walked over quickly. They had not seen each other for three months. This fellow had become darker, stronger, and had grown larger. However, he did not feel as fat as before. He was purely muscular and had the aura of a certain Schwarzenegger. There was also a ferocious aura on his body.

It seemed that he had grown astonishingly in the past few months.

“Damn, you’ve gained weight again!” The two of them gave a man hug and were patting each other’s backs.

“Get lost. This is muscle, understand? It’s not something a little sissy like you can compare to.”

“I’m a little sissy?” Xu Tui’s eyes widened. “Do you believe that I’ll hammer you now?”

Cheng Mo chuckled. “I’m hugging your shoulder now. Who knows who’s hammering who in this state.”

“Heh, it looks like your strength has increased. We should train together one day.”

“Who would train with you?”

As they joked around, the two of them sat down close to each other. “Have you ordered the dishes? The place you chose today is impressive enough. Do you want to make me poor?”

“Can I even do it?” Cheng Mo chuckled and took out a card. “Here, the last time I went on a clearing mission, I had a mission that was related to this restaurant. I completed it quite well, so they gave me a free meal voucher. As long as there’s no waste food, it’s free for ten people to eat!” After saying that, Cheng Mo chuckled. “Today, I’ll give the owner of this shop a lesson. I’ll let them know what a king of gluttons is!”

Xu Tui raised his eyebrows when he heard that. “Your ability has improved now?”

“Yes, I’ve already activated a complete genetic ability chain. There are two abilities attached. The first is the Purity I told you about before. This ability should be called Advanced Absorption. It was very effective. After I ate the same food or medicine, the effect was more than 30% higher than others. It should be even stronger after I mutate this ability in a few days.”

“What about your devouring ability? How is your current situation? Have you done the tests I gave you?”

Cheng Mo chuckled at Xu Tui when he heard that. He opened his mouth slightly, and a tactical backpack suddenly appeared on the table.

Damn! Xu Tui was almost scared out of his wits. He could swallow so much?

“Currently, the maximum amount I can devour is about 100 liters, which is 0.1 cubic meters. If I swallow a tactical backpack, I can devour important food, medicine, and even this thing.” As he spoke, Cheng Mo opened his mouth slightly again and spat out a bunch of things that made Xu Tui’s expression change.

Cluster C20 bombs, particle high-explosive grenades, and electromagnetic grenades. Cheng Mo even demonstrated it to Xu Tui when he saw his shocked expression.

“The range of this thing that I can spit out now is anywhere within five meters of me. If I use it well, I can even destroy a Genetic Evolution Realm expert at the critical moment.”

Xu Tui cursed. This was not just a dimensional space. Coupled with these things, Cheng Mo had almost become an ammunition launcher. But if a Genetic Evolution Realm expert really attacked Cheng Mo, the possibility of him being tricked by Cheng Mo was too high as long as he was given a chance.

“How is it? Is my ability awesome?”

Xu Tui gave him a thumbs-up.

“The clearing mission I went on this time is actually a point mission for The Myth. If I submit this mission, I can exchange it for the first half of the method to activate a set of mind power genetic base points. At that time, my mind power will greatly increase. My ability should be able to greatly increase again.

“How is it? Are you jealous?” Cheng Mo smiled.

“I’m indeed a little jealous. Your devouring function is too powerful.”

“Just you wait. When I master this ability, I’ll see if I can research and replicate it. If I can, I’ll teach it to you immediately,” Cheng Mo said with a smile.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he heard that. “By the way, did you obtain the cultivation method and materials for the Devour Genetic Ability Chain from The Myth back then? In that case, can I also obtain relevant materials from The Myth to cultivate?”

Cheng Mo shook his head. “In theory, that’s the case. However, there are two types of genetic ability chains that can be exchanged within The Myth. One has a prerequisite, and the other has no prerequisite. My Devouring ability had a prerequisite.

“The genetic base points in my stomach that I activated after being administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir last year happened to be the prerequisite genetic base points for this ability.

“By the way, your level in The Myth should be higher than mine. You must be able to see more information than me. You can try studying it.” At this point, Cheng Mo suddenly sighed. “I didn’t pay much attention before I entered The Myth.

“Recently, after I leveled up from completing missions, I saw more information. Only then did I realize that many of The Myth’s research results, even the genetic ability chain, might be ahead of the six major sectors.

“In the research of many genetic ability chains, The Myth has even surpassed our Huaxia Genetic Evolution College,” Cheng Mo said.

“How is that possible?”

“Nothing is impossible, Little Tui.”

Gong Ling pushed the door open and entered. Gong Ling’s appearance had changed drastically after three months. She was still extremely curvy. The moment she pushed open the door and entered, the waves were a little dazzling.

“In the past three months, Gong Ling and I have been doing some slightly dangerous clearing missions and The Myth’s points missions. Gong Ling was better than me and had already begun to undergo genetic mutation. I reckon that you will be able to see my and Gong Ling’s names on the Year One Longhu List soon.” Cheng Mo laughed.

They had not seen each other for three months, but Gong Ling was still extremely curvy. However, there was a hint of determination and… killing intent in her moist aura.

“Little Tui, I’ll definitely be able to go to the Extra-terrestrial at the end of this year. Remember to team up with me when the time comes.” Gong Ling sat down and pouted with a serious expression.

“You’re that sure?” Xu Tui laughed.

“One of the only two professors in the Plant Department of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College has already taken me in as her special student. She has the right to recommend me. If I can’t get a recommendation spot from the school this year, my teacher will also recommend me to the Extra-terrestrial.” With that, Gong Ling turned to look at Cheng Mo. “Fatty, you have to work hard!”

“I’m not fat!” Cheng Mo insisted.

“If you don’t work hard, I’ll follow Little Tui, while you can continue to eat on the Blue Star!”

“I’ve worked very hard. When I make it onto the Year One Longhu List, there will definitely be professors who will take a liking to me,” Cheng Mo said confidently.

“Oh, yes, try swallowing this.” Xu Tui handed a silver pill to Cheng Mo and attached a trace of mind power to it. The moment Cheng Mo swallowed the silver pill, the mental connection between Xu Tui and the silver pill was instantly severed.

“Don’t worry. I’ve already tested it out according to your instructions. Other than food, nothing else will change. If I swallowed the fresh food without an external packaging, it would deteriorate slightly in about ten days. But there were no problems with food that still had the external packaging. So can liquids. Solid energy is fine. Electricity, fire, these are not fine.”

He could tell that Cheng Mo had put in a lot of effort. It was not easy!

“By the way, Little Tui, what level are you in The Myth now? I just accumulated merit and became a Level D member. However, I still had a long way to go before I could become a Level C member. There was a lot of information that I could not check. Little Tui, what level are you? Can you help me check the information?” Gong Ling asked.

“My level should be a little higher than yours. If you want to find any information, send it to me. I’ll help you investigate directly.”

Xu Tui did not say that he was already a high-level Level B member. They were all friends. There was no need to mention it.

“That’s great.” Gong Ling clapped and cheered. Waves surged! “By the way, Little Tui, you have to pay more attention to the internal affairs of The Myth in the future. The research materials in The Myth are indeed ahead of the six major alliances, including the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.”

...

Xu Tui was stunned. Cheng Mo and Gong Ling said that one after another. This possibility was very high. “Where did this judgment come from?”

“It’s our personal experience,” Cheng Mo continued. “Many genetic ability chains have been developed and studied within The Myth. The research of the genetic ability chains in the various sectors is a little behind.”

“Why did this happen?” Xu Tui frowned.

“It should be because of a rule,” Gong Ling said.

“What rule?”

“Replication! All the ability research of the genetic research institutes in the various sectors needs to be replicated more than once before they can be recognized and pushed to the public. But The Myth was not that troublesome. As long as a person has a new discovery in the research of a certain genetic ability chain, they can post it in exchange for points and resources.” At this point, Cheng Mo shrugged. “Of course, the danger level and the possibility of accidents also multiplied.”

Xu Tui nodded. He understood. Within The Myths, one had to bear the risks of their cultivation. There were not many rules. Many of the new discoveries could be directly released. Naturally, they were advanced. It seemed that Xu Tui did not pay enough attention to The Myths.

The value of The Myths might be much more important than Xu Tui had imagined. The three of them only parted ways after ten o’clock. Xu Tui had just returned to the dormitory when he received a call from Shi Hong. On the phone, Shi Hong’s voice was like a resentful woman.

“My Brother Huaxia Dragon, it’s been almost half a month. Why haven’t you chosen your mythical legend to register? You didn’t want me to earn some performance results, did you? Tell me, which of my requests did I not respond to immediately? What about me? You did it on purpose! You definitely did it on purpose.” Shi Hong’s voice was filled with depression.

Xu Tui immediately apologized. He had thrown this matter to the back of his mind a few days ago. He naturally remembered this matter after he finished his meal with Cheng Mo and Gong Ling today.

On the way back, he was still thinking about his mythical legend. He thought about several of them, but he did not feel that they were suitable or liked. He had once wanted to use Sun Wukong. He had enjoyed reading Journey to the West when he was young.

...

However, Xu Tui did not like the outcome of the monkey.

“Brother Shi, don’t be angry. I was just thinking about it. It’s just that this title is too difficult to come up with. I’ve thought about it several times, but none of them are suitable. Why don’t you recommend one to me?” Xu Tui said.

“A legend? What are your requirements?”

“Handsome. It’s best if he uses a sword.”

“Lu Dongbin, Daoist Chunyang?”

“Anything else?”

“The True Martial Emperor? Daoist Chongxu? Civil Star Lord? Divine Lord Meng Zhang? Celestial Master Zhang? Daoist Worldly? Virū?haka?” Shi Hong reported a series of names to Xu Tui.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt that one of the names was rather pleasant to the ears. He had just eaten.

“Daoist Worldly,” Xu Tui said.

On the other end of the line, Shi Hong was stunned. “Worldly, are you sure?”

“Yes!”@@novelbin@@

“Alright, as expected of the Dragon of Huaxia. Then… I’ll report that!” Shi Hong wanted to say something, but in the end, he skipped it and hung up.