Chapter 682 - 682 Wen Shao Who Was Whipped (1)

682 Wen Shao Who Was Whipped (1)

Xu Tui did not feel lonely at the top of the Dragon of Huaxia for the time being. However, it was a little annoying.

Even though Ah Huang had already silenced all the calls and messages from the media, the various media outlets were extremely powerful. They contacted Xu Tui through others and wanted to interview Xu Tui, the new Dragon of Huaxia.

Not only did they find Chai Xiao, Chi Hongying, Yan Lie, and the others, but they also found Xu Tui’s parents. They were a little resourceful.

However, Xu Tui had only made a phone call before this guy was taken away by the Capital Special Intelligence Division.

!!

Xu Tui’s parents were now the focus of protection. In the end, Xu Tui called the dean of the Academic Affairs Office, Yan Chen, and expressed his thoughts that he did not want to be disturbed.

“Xu Tui, I understand how you feel. Basically, every batch of Huaxia Dragons and Tigers has a problem like yours.

“How about this? I’ll contact the major media outlets and get them to make a list of interview questions for you. I’ll send it to you. You can find the time to summarize and answer them. I’ll hand it over to them and they’ll stop. In addition, the school would also send them a few of your unique photos. Of course, they would mainly take side shots and back views. Do you have any problems with that?”

“That’ll do. Thank you, Director Yan.”

“I should. Contact me directly if you need anything. Oh, yes, see when you’re free in the afternoon. Come over. The principal wants to meet you.”

“He wants to see me again?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Why? How many students are looking forward to the principal personally summoning them? But you’re not too willing?” Yan Chen smiled.

“No, no. Didn’t we just meet when I returned from the extra-terrestrial? I’ll go over at five in the afternoon.”

“Alright.”

Principal Wen Xinglun wanted to see him again. What was the matter? Before Xu Tui could figure it out, his phone rang again. Xu Tui thought that it was another media call. He was about to ask Ah Huang why it did not hang up when he saw the name. He was amused.

Mozi! It was a call from Cheng Mo.

“F*ck, you’re finally willing to call me back. If you didn’t, I thought you had f*cking found your next home and eloped.” Xu Tui picked up the phone and cursed.

“Congratulations, Xu Tui, the Dragon of Huaxia!” Cheng Mo’s slightly teasing tone stunned Xu Tui, so he replied with a word.

“Scram! Mozi, have you returned from your clearing mission?”

“I’m back. I arrived at school this morning.”

“Oh, oh, oh, oh. I’ll welcome you tonight. You can decide on the place. Choose whatever you want. I’m rich now. You won’t make me poor!”

“No, I should be celebrating with you tonight. You’ve become the Dragon of Huaxia. You have to celebrate!”

“I’ll welcome you first. Anyway, I’ve been in school recently and you’re not around,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, you said it.”

Xu Tui laughed over the phone. “F*ck, you agreed just like that? You’re not going to fight anymore?”

“There are not many opportunities to eat a free meal!”

“Scram!

“I’ll bring someone with me tonight,” Cheng Mo suddenly said.

“Eh, are you no longer single?” Xu Tui asked curiously.

“My ass! You’ll know when I see you tonight.”

“Okay!

…

At five in the afternoon, Xu Tui arrived at the entrance of the principal’s office of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Yan Chen, the dean of the Academic Affairs Office, was already waiting there. He was very enthusiastic when he saw Xu Tui. He led Xu Tui straight into the principal’s office.

“Xu Tui, you’re here. Sit.” Wen Xinglun took the initiative to greet Xu Tui.

“Principal, you were looking for me.”

“Yes, yes, drink some water first. I called you here today because I have something to ask you.”

“Principal, tell me.”@@novelbin@@

“You should have an impression of Cai Shaochu from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, right?” Wen Xinglun asked.

“I remember that the medal I obtained in the extra-terrestrial was personally awarded to me by Principal Cai,” Xu Tui said.

“I see. What about the Blue Star Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College? It’s not a regular school. Yes, you can understand it as a refresher course for teachers. The reason why I mentioned it is that you will be at a critical fork in your life.

“You are now the Dragon of Huaxia in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. To put it bluntly, in terms of personal strength, your combat strength might have already surpassed a portion of the teachers in the Genetic Evolution Realm in our school.

“Moreover, you have also obtained high-profile research results and have long obtained the title of a senior researcher. This is the same level as a professor in our school. According to my understanding, your self-study progress in your theory class is also very fast. You’ll probably be able to apply for the graduation exam in a few months or even half a year,” Wen Xinglun said.

“That works?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“Of course. The main theory classes in the Genetic Evolution College are focused on the first and second years. The third and fourth years either have a research direction or research themselves to increase their strength. Now, you are actually at this fork in the road.”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. He listened carefully.

“You have two directions to choose from next. The first is to mainly choose research or teaching work. Just like your teacher, An Xiaoxue, her main job was research, with a sideline as a teacher. It could also be like Luo Shifeng, teaching and researching at the same time.

“In your current situation, it’s not a problem for you to be a professor if you’re willing to stay in school. If you’re unwilling to stay in our school, the other schools will probably fight for you.

“The second option is to study by yourself and increase your individual strength. Ever since the Great Genetic Era, our greatest research direction has always been humans themselves.”