Chapter 680 - 680 Laid Flat In Four Steps (1)

680 Laid Flat in Four Steps (1)

Li Zhouchen went on stage. The comments in the live-stream also flashed crazily. The difference was that Luo Murong had fangirls, while Li Zhouchen had fans.

Fans were more rational than fangirls. There was no one-sided support for Li Zhouchen in the comments in the live-stream. On the contrary, many of Li Zhouchen’s fans were already worried for him. After all, many of Li Zhouchen’s fans were juniors from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“Xu Tui is too powerful. I personally feel that Old Li has no chance of winning.”

“The possibility of winning? Didn’t you hear what Zhao Hailong said?

“If that’s true, I only hope that Old Li can lose with dignity.”

“It’s not possible to lose, right?”

“That’s right. Old Li has been the Dragon of Huaxia for almost two years. The cultivation resources he has obtained from the Mars combat every year in the past few years are very shocking. He should be able to win. But he will win with some difficulty.”@@novelbin@@

…

The comments flashed. The students around the Longhu Arena were also discussing. The students who thought that Li Zhouchen would win and Xu Tui would win each took half. Of course, the main reason was that the strength that Xu Tui had displayed previously was very amazing.

Many students went to the live-stream to post comments because they did not agree with the surrounding students.

...

At the same time, Li Zhouchen, who was wearing a green custom-made combat uniform, took the initiative to speak. “When you first arrived on the moon two to three months ago, Murong said that you had the potential to fight for the throne. He said that you might become his opponent. At that time, I did not pay much attention to it. I didn’t expect you to grow much faster than I thought. You have the strength to fight for the throne so quickly!” Li Zhouchen said calmly.

“It was a battle experience. I was lucky,” Xu Tui said politely.

“Then there’s no way you can get lucky next.” Li Zhouchen took advantage of Xu Tui’s words and poked Xu Tui slightly. He did not know if it was intentional or not. “Next, I’ll go all out and not hold back!”

After saying that, Li Zhouchen spun the green dragon under his feet and flew to the standard combat position. He bowed slightly to the principal, Wen Xinglun, and the teacher on duty, Zheng Shaohong. “Principal, Teacher, I’m ready.”

As he spoke, Li Zhouchen waved his hand. Three green-gold multi-edged shields slowly materialized and began to circle around Li Zhouchen. As the huge shield spun, the huge green blade was also spinning. The multi-edged sword looked terrifying. There was an attack in defense. It looked very sharp.

At the same time, a faint light shone from Li Zhouchen’s neck. Of course, most of the students could not see or notice it. However, Xu Tui could see everything clearly with his mental perception. There was a strong energy fluctuation on Li Zhouchen’s neck. He should have the same mind power enhancement necklace as Xu Tui. He just did not know how strong it was.

During the battle, Li Zhouchen had already activated the mind power enhancement necklace. Clearly, he had entered a state of full preparation for battle. Based on Li Zhouchen’s past battle records on the Mars battlefield, he had obtained at least three customizations from Genetic Weapon Forging Masters. In other words, there were at least three genetic armaments.

Xu Tui could sense that Li Zhouchen was wearing green and red rings on his left and right hands. It should be a ring that specialized in increasing his wind and fire-type superpowers. At this moment, he could vaguely sense that it had become active.

Clearly, Li Zhouchen had entered a state of full preparation for battle just as he had said. He will use his full strength the moment he attacks!

Under the gazes of countless students, Xu Tui also walked toward the standard combat position. He stood still and raised the Vajra Barrier. Three flying swords instantly rose above his head. The three flying swords were completely silver. However, other than the pure silver of the main flying sword, the other two flying swords were slightly inferior to the silver of the main flying sword.

This was because other than Xu Tui’s main flying sword, all the other flying swords had special functions. This situation immediately caused a commotion among the students watching the battle.

...

“He used his full strength!”

“Look, he used three flying swords at once. My sword god is definitely going to use his full strength!”

“Principal, Mr. Zheng, I’m ready,” Xu Tui said softly as he stood still.

However, this time, Zheng Shaohong did not immediately announce the start of the challenge. Instead, he looked in a certain direction in the crowd. “Director Wang, are you ready?” Zheng Shaohong asked.

“Yes, the signal interference has been activated. Countdown, five, four…”

A few seconds later, the students around the Longhu Arena looked at the screen that had turned into a flurry of snow and screamed.

“What’s going on?”

“Is your communication device broken?”

“Impossible. My professional recording equipment can’t be broken. Why did the screen suddenly flash?”

“Have you forgotten the rules of the Longhu Battle?” A student reminded him.

The student who was reminded immediately rubbed his forehead in pain. “Oh my, I wanted to record a video and observe it when I got back. I didn’t expect…”

...

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had a special requirement for the dissemination of information in every battle of the Longhu Overall Rankings. All the spectators could not record it. Of course, not many people would abide by the rules. Therefore, the disciplinary division activates the full-frequency jammer. Even if they wanted to record, they couldn’t do so.

At the same time, only the school’s official live-stream was live-streaming. However, the live broadcast would be handled with resolution and image waves.