Chapter 688 - 688 The Mutation Of The Water Puppet

688 The Mutation of the Water Puppet

After a careful analysis, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s fourth stop was to head to the location of the Russian Federation.

The Fire Slip in Xu Tui’s mind was replenished three times in a row. A red light flashed, and the positions of the two directions became clearer. With Ah Huang’s cooperation, Xu Tui could roughly determine that the location was in the Odisha of the India Sector. However, its approximate location was most likely in the city. That was more troublesome.

Moreover, Xu Tui could sense that the direction of the India Sector was different. He had to make more sound preparations.

On the 1st of April, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue piloted the Aerospace Combat Jet. Xu Tui could sense that they had passed through the Russian Federation and arrived above the Arctic Ocean.

Xu Tui stepped down from the air. After sensing the surface of the sea for a few minutes, he suddenly said, “This position might be underwater.”

“Underwater?” An Xiaoxue frowned. “Try it. Can you guide it directly above the sea?”

Xu Tui shook his head. “It should be somewhere underwater. I need to dive in.”

“How deep?”

“More than a thousand meters.”

“It’s a little dangerous, but it should be possible. The extraterrestrial combat uniform I customized can also be used as a diving suit. Moreover, the material is excellent. Oxygen is not a problem for me. Xiaoxue, you should have brought your combat uniform, right?” Xu Tui said.

“I did, but I can’t go down with you. We have to leave someone on the surface for emergencies. Also, you need a deep-diving safety rope. Mind power is not omnipotent.” An Xiaoxue was very considerate.

“Okay!

Xu Tui readily agreed. After preparing all of this, he arrived at the Arctic Ocean again. It was already April 3rd. However, the various preparations for the India Sector were also handed over to Ah Huang. It was almost done.

It had to be said that although the combat uniform was not at a constant temperature, it was very good at insulating against cold and heat. The seawater of the Arctic Ocean was bone-piercingly cold, but he did not feel cold in this Mechanical Spirit Alloy combat uniform.

Although he had never practiced deep-sea diving, Xu Tui used his mind power as a pusher and his mental perception as his eyes and ears. He quickly headed toward the target area he was sensing.

Xu Tui felt a little strenuous when he reached a depth of 1,000 meters. This was also because he had used the Mechanical Spirit Alloy Battle Armor. But he had not reached his destination.

At 1,200 meters, the huge water pressure had already begun to sink into his combat uniform. With a thought, Xu Tui activated the Vajra Barrier. The powerful defense of the Vajra Barrier reduced the water pressure on Xu Tui. However, Xu Tui realized that at this rate, his energy field would not be able to last long.

With a thought, Xu Tui took out the water puppet doll and materialized it. The water puppet that materialized at the bottom of the sea reached a terrifying height of five meters. Under the protection of the water puppet, Xu Tui quickly dived deep. He quickly arrived at his destination.

It was a trench that was about 1,800 meters deep.

He gently placed his palm on a huge rock. Just like before, the red fire slip suddenly flashed with a red light. Clearly, it had sensed a dense energy or some remnant aura.

Yes, a remnant aura!

Based on his senses, Xu Tui roughly understood that the things here had probably been gone for a long time. He could only get some soup.

Xu Tui explored the area with his mind power. However, he did not go all the way down. It felt like he was in a place similar to an underwater tunnel. He kept going through it. This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. His mental perception, which had been focused on exploring, slightly spread out.

The scene he sensed stunned Xu Tui.

From a overlooking perspective, the place where his mind power touched did not look like the bottom of the sea. It looked more like a ruin.

City ruins!

An underwater city? Did someone live here before? This was the bottom of the sea that was almost 2,000 meters deep. Was that possible?

While countless questions surfaced in Xu Tui’s mind, his mind power also arrived at his destination. It was still the ruins of a certain building. There had indeed been a group of underwater buildings here. Xu Tui was certain of this.

Due to the seawater, the ruins could no longer be seen. However, the center of the ruins of the building still maintained a mysterious and clean state. Other places were filled with sand, creatures, and even the remains of underwater creatures. However, the space of about a few square meters in the center was very clean.

Other than the seawater and a ball of faint white energy, there was nothing else. The seawater was also so clear that it could be said to be pure.

To be honest, Xu Tui had some intention of exploring the underwater ruins. Moreover, Xu Tui still wanted to try and take advantage of the red fire slip. Under the illumination of the flickering red light, all the activated genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body were greedily absorbing the red light and enhancing rapidly.

The red light of the red fire slip shone. Every ten seconds, Xu Tui’s mental perception range would increase visibly.

Before he went to Mount Tai, Xu Tui’s mental range was 1,280 meters. When he left, his mental perception range was 1,285 meters. When he left the pyramid, his mental perception range had reached 1,290 meters.

Xu Tui’s mental perception range was 1,296 meters when he left the Parthenon.

At this moment, the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception had increased to 1,300 meters. Under the red light, the range of his mental perception was still slowly increasing. It would increase by a meter every 10 seconds.

This was only the increase in his mental perception that Xu Tui could quantify. The other genetic ability chains, including the increase in his mind power, should also have a similar increase.

Although the increase in overall strength was very small, it had greatly increased Xu Tui’s overall strength.

A minute later, Xu Tui’s mental perception range increased to 1,306 meters.

Suddenly, Xu Tui sensed that the light of the red fire slip had suddenly dimmed a little. The dimming of the light was still very obvious in his mental perception.

Xu Tui froze slightly. He instantly reacted. By doing this, he did not seem to be taking advantage of the red fire slip. Instead, he was taking advantage of himself.

Think about it. The reason why the red fire slip recovered a little of its brilliance was because it was constantly taking away Origin Energy or this dense energy from Xu Tui. No matter how much Xu Tui absorbed now, the slower the recovery of this thing, the more Origin Energy he would fill in in the future.

Xu Tui was instantly infuriated. He even took advantage of himself!

Tsk!

In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power surged out and guided the ball of dense energy with white light back. Needless to say, the red fire slip guided this into Xu Tui’s body.

Eight for it, two for Xu Tui.

When this ball of dense energy with white light entered his body, Xu Tui was originally wondering if he should continue to allocate the energy to the Vajra Barrier Genetic Ability Chain to continue accumulating defense.

He did not expect the water puppet genetic ability chain in Xu Tui’s body to flicker violently when the ball of dense white energy entered his body. The desire was obvious. Without hesitation, Xu Tui sent the ball of dense white energy into the water puppet’s genetic ability chain.

In an instant, the water puppet’s genetic ability chain began to flicker rhythmically. The main genetic base point seemed to be taking a deep breath as it expanded violently. As it pulsated violently, the main genetic base point first flickered with a bright white light, then turned golden, then was covered by a bright white light.

The rhythm slowly disappeared. Xu Tui, who had been observing with his illusory introspection, was a little stunned.

What was going on? The main genetic base point of the water puppet should have been strengthened to Level 3. Why did it become white again? White was a Level 1 genetic base point.

Soon, Xu Tui noticed something. The edges were gold and the inside was white. The main genetic base point of the water puppet was golden on the edges and white on the inside. Moreover, this white was a little like the white of ice and snow.

A thought instantly surfaced in Xu Tui’s mind—mutation!

This was the main genetic base point of the water puppet’s genetic ability chain. It had mutated. If the main genetic base points of the other genetic ability chains mutated, it would be difficult to determine the abilities for the time being. However, one would know after using the water puppet.

However, Xu Tui did not try it out immediately. Instead, he let the water puppet that he had conjured earlier continue to protect him. He used his mind power as a pusher and quickly floated up.

...@@novelbin@@

It would not be good to let An Xiaoxue worry if he stayed underwater for too long.

Reality proved that Xu Tui was right. Xu Tui rose to 800 meters above the surface of the sea and sensed a figure quickly diving down from above. The aura was very familiar.

It was An Xiaoxue!

This time, Xu Tui stayed underwater for a long time. An Xiaoxue was worried about Xu Tui’s safety and dived down. Xu Tui was touched and his heart ached when he saw An Xiaoxue diving rapidly.

It was really cold here! Moreover, An Xiaoxue’s custom-made combat uniform used a much weaker alloy than Xu Tui’s.

“Xiaoxue, it’s me!” He greeted her with his consciousness. Xu Tui, who was spiraling upward, rushed forward. The moment An Xiaoxue noticed him, he opened his arms and hugged her. He did not feel anything. After all, they were all wearing combat uniforms. However, the exquisite and curvy feeling still made Xu Tui’s heart beat faster.

Whoosh!

Xu Tui carried An Xiaoxue and rushed out of the water. The moment he rushed out of the water, An Xiaoxue opened her mask and heaved a sigh of relief. “The previous times, you did it in two minutes. This time, it took more than three minutes. I’m afraid something will happen to you.”

An Xiaoxue quickly explained, but Xu Tui gently leaned forward. An Xiaoxue’s explanation became muffled.

An Xiaoxue’s body instantly stiffened. She was at a loss!

“Beautiful!” Ah Huang shouted in Xu Tui’s ears. Applause rang out.

...

Bang!

Three seconds later, a wave of mind power sent Xu Tui flying. An Xiaoxue looked nervous and awkward when she saw Xu Tui’s stunned expression. Her pretty face was also a little red. “I… I’ve never been like this… I… I… I didn’t do it on purpose.”

Xu Tui became even bolder when he saw how nervous and at a loss An Xiaoxue was. He went forward and wrapped his arms around An Xiaoxue’s slender waist. “Xiaoxue, why don’t we try again?”

The sound of someone entering the water rang out. This time, Xu Tui was blasted into the water by An Xiaoxue’s mind power. His heart turned cold. The seawater of the Arctic Ocean was too cold. It was bone-chilling!

However, An Xiaoxue pulled Xu Tui up again in an instant. She carefully and gently wiped the water droplets off Xu Tui’s face as she explained. “Xu Tui, my mother said that men and women can’t do this before they get married.”

Xu Tui: “…”

It was already 2138. Xiaoxue’s mother was really…

Of course, Xu Tui only thought about these words in his heart. He did not dare to complain.

“How was your harvest?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“The main genetic base point of my Water Puppet Genetic Ability Chain has been strengthened to Level 3 gold. It seems to have mutated. I’ll try it out now.” Xu Tui instantly became excited when he mentioned this.

He activated his mind power and dispersed the water puppet from before. His mind power once again activated the current water puppet genetic ability chain.

Instantiation!

A blue and white light quickly expanded.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were dumbfounded. A five-meter-tall frost water puppet was floating on the surface of the sea. Under its feet, the seawater was rapidly freezing.