Chapter 686 - 686 Harvest And Fire Slip Change

686 Harvest and Fire Slip Change

With Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s strength, it would not be a problem for them to reach the top of Mount Tai, which was covered in mutated beasts. This was especially so since both of them had mental perception. Xu Tui’s had more than a thousand meters range, so he could detect danger in advance.

Along the way, the two of them threw the mutated beasts they killed into the deep valley. However, they were sprayed with a strong and pungent man-eating flower extract. The danger became less and less.

The various landscapes from a hundred years ago had long been occupied by nature. What was left was majestic and magnificent.

At the top of the mountain, Xu Tui, who was stepping on the repulsive force flying skateboard, used his mind power to activate the red fire slip in his mind. He sensed it carefully and suddenly frowned.

!!

“Xiaoxue, the location I sensed is at the halfway point of the mountain.”

“Halfway up the mountain. Let’s go!”

A minute later, Xu Tui frowned again when they were at the halfway point of the mountain. “Why do I feel like it’s at the top of the mountain again?”

An Xiaoxue frowned slightly. “Could it be in the middle of the mountain? Try to sense it carefully.”

A minute later, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue flew to the top of the mountain again. They began to patrol the top of the mountain. Xu Tui would stop and sense every time he changed locations.

Suddenly, Xu Tui revealed a delighted expression. “Here?” Standing in his current position, the red fire slip in his mind seemed to have been stimulated by something. It emitted an extremely faint red light, startling Xu Tui.

He had found the right place.

“Xu Tui, the red radiation from before is here again! I feel very comfortable. I feel… I like this feeling!” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears.

At this moment, Xu Tui was standing on a huge rock. He looked at the huge rock that was covered in moss and vines in front of him. An Xiaoxue waved her hand, and an invisible mental storm swept past.

In an instant, the grass and debris on the huge rock seemed to have been cut by countless sharp blades. When the mountain wind blew, they fell.

“The Lord of the Five Mountains! Above the heavens?”

A line of words appeared in Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s eyes.

“Here?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“I’m not sure.” Xu Tui slowly closed his eyes. He once again used his mind power to activate the red fire slip and carefully sensed it. However, other than the faint light emitted by the red fire slip, there was nothing else unusual.

Suddenly, Xu Tui placed his hand on the huge rock engraved with the words ‘The Lord of Five Mountains’. In an instant, the red jade slip in his mind trembled slightly. An extremely clear feeling surfaced in Xu Tui’s heart.

It was like a road map. Xu Tui called out to An Xiaoxue and walked along the road map. He arrived at the top of Mount Tai in a few minutes.

This place used to be the Jade Emperor Peak of Mount Tai, also known as the Peak of Peace. It was the place where the founding emperor of the Great Qin Dynasty conferred his title. Later emperors followed suit.

Xu Tui stood at the top of Mount Tai and closed his eyes to sense his surroundings. He walked slowly and suddenly stopped. When he opened his eyes, he saw that he was standing on a crack in the middle of Mount Tai. It was as if the mountain had cracked.

Xu Tui squatted down. The moment he gently probed into the crack with his palm, the red fire slip in his mind suddenly trembled. This trembling made Xu Tui shiver. However, some of the information that surged in made Xu Tui understand.

In an instant, his boundless mind power entered the bottom of the mountain. The terrifying thing was that the crack in the mountain was more than a thousand meters deep. Xu Tui’s mental perception had reached its end, but the crack had not reached its end.

1,280 meters.@@novelbin@@

With a thought, Xu Tui instantly activated the mental enhancement necklace. In an instant, his mental perception went almost 200 meters deeper. The distance reached 1,510 meters. But he still did not get to the bottom of it.

Xu Tui had no other ideas now. Just as Xu Tui was hesitating, the red fire slip suddenly expanded slightly. A warm red light enveloped Xu Tui’s head.

In his introspective state, all of the genetic base points and genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s head were illuminated by the red light.

It was almost visible to the naked eye that all the genetic base points and genetic ability chains that were enveloped by the red light quickly increased and expanded rhythmically. It was as if they had eaten 10 great tonics.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental perception seemed to have been attached to an aero engine. The distance of his mental perception soared. In an instant, he went more than 6,000 meters into the crack.

The crack had come to an end. It was a hollow mountainside. It was not big. The inner wall was very bright and had a funnel shape. Below, there was a thinner tunnel that led down. However, Xu Tui only probed downward for a few hundred meters before his mental perception reached its end.

Xu Tui could clearly sense that the support provided by the red fire slip had come to an end.

Empty! There was nothing. However, Xu Tui’s mental perception, especially his microscopic perception, still sensed something. There was a little mist in the mountain. It felt like Origin Energy, but it was not. There was also a little remnant of aura. Its aura was a little similar to the Fire Slip. It should have been because of the similar aura that Xu Tui’s mind power had successfully guided him here.

Just as Xu Tui was deep in thought, the brilliance of the Fire Slip began to quickly converge. It looked like the support for Xu Tui was about to be gone. The light of the fire slip also began to dim. It looked like it had used up most of the energy it had obtained from Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was about to retract his mind power when he suddenly had a thought. With the last bit of support from the Fire Slip, his mind power surged and swept up the dense fog in the mountain. His mind power swept back with the ball of mist.

In an instant, the originally silent and dim fire slip expanded slightly again and swallowed the dense aura that Xu Tui had sent back. The fire slip did not take all. It was still 20%. However, the ratio was 8:2. The fire slip was 8, and Xu Tui was 2.

The light of the red fire slip instantly lit up. It was as if a beauty who had stayed up all night to catch up on her beauty sleep was glowing.

The 20% of the dense light that was distributed to Xu Tui’s body was mainly earth-yellow. Xu Tui had not considered where to distribute it after it entered his body when the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula in his body flickered at the same time.

It was a little like the directional mutation or strengthening back then. The energy actively surged towards a certain genetic ability chain. Most of the dense energy surged into the genetic base points of the Mountain Formula. The genetic base points of the Stab Formula only accounted for a small portion.

With a flash of light, the main genetic base point of the Mountain Formula jumped violently. While it vaguely formed a certain pattern, it suddenly jumped into a golden color. The main genetic base point of the Mountain Formula was strengthened to Level 3 golden by this dense energy.

This was the second Level 3 genetic base point in Xu Tui’s body. That was, by far, not the end. The main genetic base point of the Mountain Formula, which had been strengthened to Level 3, kept changing. Gradually, it took shape.

It became a small square-shaped pattern. Ancient patterns appeared, but when they stabilized again, these patterns did not take shape. They were incomplete.

The genetic ability chain of the Mountain Formula had been greatly enhanced. The Stab Formula had also absorbed a small portion, but the increase was negligible. Also, when the red fire slip had enveloped all of Xu Tui’s genetic ability chains with a red light, all of his genetic ability chains had improved a little.

For example, the maximum distance of Xu Tui’s mental perception had changed from 1,280 meters to 1,285 meters. His mind power also increased slightly. If the red light had shone for a longer time, Xu Tui’s improvement would have been even greater.

There was also the dense energy. Xu Tui had only obtained 20%, yet it had resulted in the mutation of a Level 3 genetic base point and a mutation of a main genetic base point. If he got 80%, wouldn’t Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula take off on the spot?

Xu Tui felt a little greedy after he thought about it for a few seconds. Overall, he had gained a lot. The fire slip ate meat while he drank soup. If not for the support of the red fire slip, he would not have been able to drink this soup.

“How is it?” An Xiaoxue’s concerned voice rang out. She had naturally sensed the change in the power in Xu Tui’s body just now.

An Xiaoxue did not dare to interfere him. She was afraid that she would disturb Xu Tui. However, she was also worried that Xu Tui would be affected or even suffer unpredictable damage during this mutation. One could imagine how she felt. She quickly asked when she saw that Xu Tui’s breathing had stabilized.

“Xiaoxue, this place is indeed a little magical. I absorbed a ball of dense energy from 6,000 meters underground just now. The main genetic base point of the Mountain Formula was directly strengthened to Level 3 golden. It even mutated to a diagram.” Xu Tui did not hide anything.

“As expected, you’ve gained something. Oh right, did you find what the red fire slip sensed?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“No, there’s a remnant aura inside, but it’s empty. According to the crack, it should have been taken away by someone,” Xu Tui said.

“It was taken away?” An Xiaoxue frowned. “Just a remnant aura here is already so helpful to you. How much help would it be to you if it was not taken away? Quick, we can’t delay any longer. We have to search the other four places. Sense the approximate locations of the other four directions. We’ll set off,” An Xiaoxue said anxiously.

“Xiaoxue, you’re even more anxious than me.”

“Isn’t this useful to you…” An Xiaoxue’s pretty face turned a little red.

...

“Let me sense it.” Xu Tui once again used his mind power to envelop the red fire slip. He let out a soft cry of surprise.

“What’s wrong?”

“The fire slip seems to have changed. The sense of the direction under our feet has become blurry. However, the other four directions have become clearer. It was more than ten times clearer than before. I can roughly sense the locations of those four locations,” Xu Tui said.

“Where is it?”

“Ah Huang, the map.” Xu Tui opened the projection map and casually marked four points. “Of the remaining four directions, the first is in the European Sector, the second is in the Africa Sector, the third is in the Russian Federation, and the fourth is in the India Sector,” Xu Tui said.

“Where are we going first?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“There’s no hurry. Cultivate here for two to three days first. I feel that the original quantum frequency of the mountains here seems to be a little strange. It’s even grander than the original quantum frequency of the mountains on Mars and the Moon,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay, let’s cultivate together.” At this moment, An Xiaoxue was very gentle toward Xu Tui’s decision.