Chapter 694 - 694 The Best Test Subject (2)

694 The Best Test Subject (2)@@novelbin@@

“Target two: An adult female with a bone age of 23. She is estimated to be between 22 and 26 years old. Her bone strength is 240%. Based on the bone strength, her personal ability should be at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

“Boss, the preliminary data exploration has been completed. Personally, I don’t think there are any risks. Of course, how you act depends on you.”

“Thank you. Do accordingly like a normal transaction. Continue to monitor. Let us know immediately if there are any abnormalities.”

Almost as soon as he finished speaking, three men and a woman walked out of a small wooden house 2,000 meters away from the forest where Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were hiding. The leader had emerald green hair. Even though he was wearing a hat, the hair that was revealed was exceptionally eye-catching.

!!

“The transaction is successful. We have obtained the sanmatosin and are returning.” Two minutes later, Ah Huang’s voice reached Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s ears.

This made Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue relax at the same time. As long as they successfully obtained the sanmatosin, they would be halfway to success in dealing with the small supernatural army of more than 300 people in the India Sector.

The drone that Ah Huang had just controlled was returning. While he was waiting, Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly shifted. He suddenly made a gesture. An Xiaoxue immediately became alert and slowly spread out her mind power. However, An Xiaoxue’s mental perception was not as far as Xu Tui’s.

“Someone is here. It’s four people! Two are at the Genetic Evolution Realm, and two are at the Genetic Mutation Realm,” Xu Tui said.

“They’re coming for us?”

“It seems so.”

“Do you want to do it or should I?” Ten seconds later, the bionic flying ant that Ah Huang released also gave An Xiaoxue a similar report.

“Let’s wait a little longer. Let’s get the sanmatosin first.”

A minute later, the drone returned. An Xiaoxue used her mind power to remove the sanmatosin bottle and examined it carefully.

“Basic tests and reagent tests can basically confirm that it’s a sanmatosin. However, we can’t confirm the effects of the medicine for the time being,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Then let’s carry out the human experiment.”

“Human experiments?”

Xu Tui had already asked An Xiaoxue to follow him before she could react. “Xiaoxue, it should be very moral to use an enemy who came knocking on your door for human experiments, right?”

An Xiaoxue pursed her lips but did not say anything. She was in the research field. She was not afraid of these scenes at all. However, human experimentation was a taboo in all research. However, she did not know how many people were still abiding by this taboo. Especially outside the Huaxia Sector!

Dwayne was walking lightly. When he stepped into the small forest, it was as if he was home. It gave him an indescribable sense of security. The plants that were everywhere became his eyes and ears at this moment. He had even heard the conversation between Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

“Human experiments?” Dwayne had yet to understand what Xu Tui meant, but his mind power began to slowly spread out. Next, his target would silently fall into the enemy’s sea. As long as they were still in the forest, the enemies would be endless.

This was their home ground!

“That woman is in the Genetic Evolution Realm. Prioritize dealing with her. I’ll interfere, and you guys focus fire on her. It doesn’t matter if she lives or dies. Of course, it’s best if she’s alive. Capture that man alive! These two are rich people. They could actually casually take out six grams of Origin Crystals on the Blue Star. This time, we would definitely make a killing. If I’m lucky, my cultivation resources for the next year or two will be resolved—”

Suddenly, Dyawne stopped in his tracks. Something was wrong. His companion did not respond. There were no more footsteps. Here, he could be called the son of the forest. It was normal for him to walk without making a sound, but his companions…

Dwayne turned abruptly and froze. He saw his three companions standing side by side more than ten meters behind him, motionless, as if they had fallen asleep.

Dwayne’s expression changed. He immediately realized something. The moment he turned around, the plants around him squirmed crazily. A few snake-like vines also crawled out of his clothes at lightning speed.

However, everything stopped the moment he reacted.

Bang!

Dwayne felt a sharp pain in his head. It was as if he had been hammered hard on the back of his head. He lost consciousness.

“This… Isn’t this guy too weak? To think that he’s from the Mystery Branch.” Xu Tui felt a little awkward as he looked at the leader, who had fainted and was bleeding from all of his orifices. He had held back. He had only used half of his strength to lightly hammer the leader. He did not expect this guy to bleed from all of his orifices and faint on the spot.

“Fortunately, he’s not dead. He should be able to wake up later,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Then I’ll conduct a human experiment first.” Xu Tui took out some water and fed the three hypnotized people the water that had been mixed with sanmatosin. At the same time, he began to monitor the changes in their auras with his mental perception.

Especially since one of them was a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator. This was a good experimental sample.

Dwayne woke up in pain. When he woke up, his vision was still a little dark. He tried his best to calm his mind. His expression changed when he saw An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui standing in front of him. He wanted to activate the surrounding plants with his mind power.

A powerful slap interrupted his mind power and woke Dwayne up. It also made him understand his current situation.

“Drink it.” A bottle of water was handed to him.