Chapter 692 - 692 Miniature Mystery Branch Army (2)

692 Miniature Mystery Branch Army (2)

“A low concentration usually refers to an intake of less than 2 milligrams. It would usually flare up after an hour. There were not many signs of it. It was mainly to numb the central nervous system.

“If a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was taken as an example, their mind power would be temporarily affected and become unstable. Their reaction speed would also slow down. Overall, the impact is between 10% to 20%.” An Xiaoxue explained it very clearly to Xu Tui.

“It seems to be good, but it’s a little lacking in lethality. Is there any simatosin?”

“No, because the impact on the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race of the alien invasion race is extremely limited, they stopped research and development then,” An Xiaoxue said.

!!

“Do you have any other choices?”

“No.” An Xiaoxue shook her head. “Moreover, we also need to solve the problem of the source of the poison.”

Xu Tui was stunned. “Xiaoxue, our research institute can’t prepare it?”

“No. It’s mainly because there are not enough raw materials. Of course, with the strength of our research institute, raw materials can be nurtured. But it will probably take a year or two,” An Xiaoxue said.

A year or two? There were too many variables.

“Are there any other channels we can get our hands on?”

“There are very few strictly controlled items in circulation. There might be some underground markets outside the Huaxia Sector, but I don’t know,” An Xiaoxue said.

This was a little difficult. Xu Tui would not be able to succeed even if the traitor, Old Sha, came over with a small Mystery Branch army of a few hundred people. If he could get Mr. Ji or Mr. He, who cultivated the Myriad Sword Technique, could successfully resolve the problem. However, that was equivalent to starting a war.

The gun had to be fired quietly.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue studied several alternatives, but none of them worked. They could not find an alternative poison.

After all, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had too many requirements for the poison. After a day of hard thinking, the matter returned to square one. They could either give up or find a toxin like the sanmatosin. It was impossible to give up until the last moment.

It had not been easy for him to discover the important strongholds of Itavi and Kitawan. Xu Tui would not give up easily. If they did not have the senses of the fire slip and the boundless aura, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue would only need to secretly kill a few elites and evacuate.

But now, he had to obtain the treasure that Itavi thought highly of in the holy temple and weaken the power of Itavi or even the entire India Sector.

Xu Tui’s first thought was to look for Tian Suqing from the Special Intelligence Division. She should be able to get her hands on the poison. Or the Myth’s Koopman. This fellow might have one too.

However, if they really took action in the end, the matter here would definitely attract the attention of the world. It was equivalent to admitting it.

“Xu Tui, I think you can try The Myth’s black market,” Ah Huang suddenly reminded Xu Tui while he was hesitating.

“Where is The Myth’s black market?”

“You should study the information that Old Shi gave you.” Ah Huang sent a set of information to Xu Tui.

This made Xu Tui sweat slightly. Previously, he had decided to pay attention to The Myths in the future. Although he thought so, he did not take any action. This time, Xu Tui carefully read through all the information and attachments that Shi Hong had given him.

In the Great Genetic Age, only networking could increase the efficiency of an organization’s communication.

The Myth’s online contact information was divided into two parts.

One of them was the Myth Intranet, which was operated by an independent super quantum computer. The database, the internal missions of The Myth, the completion, and the public trading of cultivation resources were all here. They required strict authentication. Therefore, many transactions seemed to be hidden, but they were actually semi-public.

The other part was the favorite place of many members of The Myth—The Myth Black Market! It was an independent website similar to a forum market. Log in was random. There was no need for a registration password. The only requirement for logging in was a string of internal login codes publicly released on the Myth Intranet.

It would change once every day. Any member who logged into the Myth Intranet, regardless of their level, could view and help them log into the Myth Black Market to trade.

This method effectively protected the privacy of the members. It also greatly limited the identity of the person who logged into The Myth’s black market. 99% of them should be members of The Myth.

Of course, there were also the consequences of the transaction. He had to bear the consequences!

After understanding all the mechanisms of the Myth Black Market, Xu Tui liked it very much. Soon, Xu Tui realized that he was not the only one who liked it. Many members of The Myth liked it.

The number of visitors to the Myth Black Market in a single day was actually much more than the number of visitors to the Myth Intranet. Most of them were most likely targeting the Myth Black Market.

Xu Tui was prepared to try it out here.

In order to prevent anti-tracking, Xu Tui handed the matter of logging in to Ah Huang. Soon, he logged into the Myth Black Market through the verification code of the intranet and gave it a nickname.

His code name was Huang Tianba! This was the reward and benefits Xu Tui had given Ah Huang. After all, Ah Huang had contributed a lot during this process. It was better to give it some benefits.

“Requesting to purchase sanmatosin at a price.” Xu Tui’s message in the Myth Black Market was very direct.

Xu Tui did not have much time. According to the information he had obtained previously, Kitawan would come to inspect the Konarak Sun Temple again in 20 days. If he could not resolve the problem within 15 days, Xu Tui could only retreat first. He would continue to think of a way after Kitawan left.

Xu Tui knew very well that he could not touch a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse yet.

Actually, Xu Tui was already prepared to put this plan on hold. A small Mystery Branch army of more than 300 people was not something that could be touched casually. He could not attack unless he was confident. He could even give up! He would come over when his strength increased in the future and he was fully prepared.

However, Xu Tui had underestimated the power of the Myth Black Market. Half a day later, someone replied to Xu Tui’s message on the Myth Black Market.

“I have it. One gram for one Origin Crystal. Do you want to exchange it?”

This price was actually quite high. This was because the currency for the sanmatosin was cash. However, cash did not have any purchasing power in the extra-terrestrial. The extra-terrestrial only recognized Origin Crystals.

“How much do you have?”

“Twelve grams.”

“I’ll take it. Six grams of Origin Crystals.” Xu Tui cut the price by half.

The other party hesitated for less than ten minutes before sending Xu Tui a message. “Deal. However, I’ll set the location of the transaction. You have to follow my instructions.”

“Sure. If I think there’s a problem, I’ll cancel the deal at any time,” Xu Tui replied.

“No problem. After a while, I’ll specify an encrypted communication method for you. Then, I’ll encrypt it and send you the trading location and trading method.”

This person’s code name was Pluto. He used the code name of the ancient Greek god. From the looks of it, he should also be a member of The Myth.

In less than half an hour, Pluto sent the trading method and address to Huang Tianba’s mailbox in the Myth Black Market through encryption. He also specified a special password book through another website.

He was really careful.

Xu Tui handed all of these matters to Ah Huang. He did not have to worry about the anti-tracking or exposing his address. The trading location was in the suburbs of St. Louis in the American Sector. The trading method seemed to be very careful.

He requested to use a drone to send the items to a designated location. Both sides would use a drone to inspect the goods and complete the transaction. Moreover, the other party had severely warned Xu Tui not to play any tricks or take advantage of him. He would install a self-destruction device on the drone. If there were any problems, he would activate the self-destruction device immediately.

He would get nothing then.

...

On the surface, he should be a guy who was not very confident in his strength. He had arranged all kinds of trading procedures carefully. He should be sincerely trading. However, he still had to be careful.

“Xiaoxue, I’m going to the American Sector. I should be back soon. I’ll be back in a day.”

“It’s safer for two people to go together. We can also take care of each other.” An Xiaoxue’s attitude was very determined.

“Alright.” Xu Tui readily agreed.