Chapter 698 - 698 Killing On A Rainy Night (3)

698 Killing on a Rainy Night (3)

The attendant could only curse his bad luck. No matter how delicious the food was, he had no appetite when it fell to the ground.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this. It was almost done. “Xiaoxue, we’ll act in 20 minutes.”

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who were wearing ponchos, quietly approached the side door of the temple under the cover of the rain. They had to go in as An Xiaoxue’s combat distance was not enough.

“Just do it directly. It’s about time!”

Xu Tui forcefully pushed open the side door. Less than 30 seconds after he entered the temple with An Xiaoxue, he was discovered by a Genetic Evolution Realm expert on duty in the tower. “Who is it?”

However, it did not immediately alert them. He only looked at the two figures in the rain warily. He did not attack and waited for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s reply.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had no intention of stopping. They quickly approached the Holy Temple.

“Stop!” A Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator roared.

“We’ve reached the optimal combat distance!” An Xiaoxue’s voice sounded at this moment.

“Do it!”

At the same time, in the room of Solf, the head of the Konarak Sun Temple, Solf was standing in front of the window to watch the rain after dinner. The shout in the rain made his gaze shift. He subconsciously raised his mind power to investigate the situation. However, his expression changed drastically.

Something was wrong!

His mind power felt a little scattered. He felt sick. At his level, being sick was rare! It was also at this moment that an extremely intense mental fluctuation suddenly appeared and blasted towards his head.

Instinctively, Solf used his mind power domain to defend. This wave of mind power was not weak! But there was a problem with his condition again. The mental hammer instantly smashed down. Solf felt his mind power fluctuate slightly, affecting him slightly.

At this moment, a little silver light suddenly appeared in front of him. Solf waved his sleeve, and blazing flames blasted towards the silver light. However, there were slight fluctuations the moment the blazing flames blasted out.

The silver light disappeared!

Xu Tui’s mental hammers struck continuously. Every strike caused Solf’s mind power to tremble slightly. What was worse was that the sluggish and scattered feeling of his mind power was magnified by the attacks.

The silver light that had just disappeared appeared in his defensive field. In his shock, two pillars of fire shot out of Solf’s eyes, wanting to burn the silver light. However, the silver light split into four at this moment and blasted into his ears and nostrils.

It instantly exploded. Blood gushed out, but he was not dead. The moment the silver light exploded into his body, a stream of fire exploded from Solf’s head, burning his head until it was bald. However, it also reduced the lethality of An Xiaoxue’s Silver Light Explosion.

As expected of an experienced Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. However, An Xiaoxue’s second wave of silver light explosions had already arrived.

This commotion had already alarmed the other two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. The two of them charged over as quickly as they could. One of them staggered slightly under the influence of the poison. The other person, who was closest, quickly rushed over and shouted, “What…”

Bang!

The water light exploded. The Genetic Transmutation Realm expert had just opened his mouth when he let out a scream. His mouth was badly mutilated.

The rescue was stopped.

Solf, who had been severely injured and had his head smashed by Xu Tui’s mental hammer, could only watch as An Xiaoxue’s silver light instantly blasted into his head.

The first target, killed!

Just as the manager of the Konarak Sun Temple was killed by Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, in the Moon India Sector’s general base in the extra-terrestrial.

The quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, Kitawan, also knocked on the door of his teacher’s quiet room. After obtaining his permission, he pushed the door open and entered. He paid his respects first. “Teacher, you called me. What can I do for you?”@@novelbin@@