Chapter 690 - 690 Important

690 Important

Perhaps it was because of their status, the 300-odd cultivators in the Konarak Sun Temple rarely went out. There was a complete set of rooms for cultivation, meals, and accommodation. Under normal circumstances, there was no need to come out.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had been waiting outside for three days. They had not held any hope. On the afternoon of the third day, the blazing sunlight roasted everyone. It made them weary. Even An Xiaoxue licked the ice cream that Xu Tui had bought for her slowly. There was also a bottle of iced Happy Immortal Water in front of the two of them.

The business in front of the temple was still very prosperous.

“Someone is coming out,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

Xu Tui instantly activated his mental perception. He would not be able to last long if he wanted to monitor this place 24 hours a day. Therefore, the monitoring was mainly done by the various bionic machines controlled by Ah Huang.

In his mental perception, a young man in his twenties was walking out of the temple barefooted. His face was greasy due to the heat.

Xu Tui used his mind power to activate an Origin Crystal powder. It slowly flew over and landed on the collar of the Indian youth. There was a mental magnetic pillar that Xu Tui had inserted on it for easy tracking.

Xu Tui could track him even if he took a transportation vehicle. However, the young man did not leave. Instead, he walked forward for about 800 meters and entered a small shop. He carried a box of cold beer, a box of cold immortal water, and a large bag of ice cream. It was all because of the heat.

Seeing that the guy was about to return, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue looked at each other and immediately acted according to the plan. Far away, there was a small fruit stall. It was a little remote. There was only a woman watching the stall. There was no one around.

In an instant, Xu Tui activated his Spiritual Resonance and included the Indian youth’s mental frequency into his Spiritual Resonance frequency.

He was hungry!

He was thirsty!

The moment these thoughts were transmitted over, he activated the advanced hypnosis. A minute later, the young Indian man from within the temple was already standing in front of the prata stall. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were also standing in front of the prata stall.

The Indian woman standing at the stall was mechanically making iced fruit drinks. She had also been hypnotized by Xu Tui. In order to prevent any accidents, Xu Tui’s spiritual radiation cut in first before he started the interrogation.

Xu Tui’s current mind power could crush ordinary Genetic Mutation Realm cultivators. There was no way he could resist. Unless they had received extremely professional anti-hypnosis and anti-interrogation training in advance.

Three minutes later, the Indian youth left with a glass of iced fruit juice in his hand. He drank it as he walked. It was so sweet and refreshing! He had never been hypnotized. He only bought a glass of juice.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue also left with a bottle of iced fruit juice. However, no one drank it. The hygiene situation was really…

During the interrogation just now, Xu Tui finally had a preliminary understanding of the power within the temple. However, it would be a little stupid to listen to this person and act with information. This was especially so for the number of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts inside.

However, things would be fine if someone came out. Moreover, Xu Tui suddenly had a realization. He was still a little stupid. He had wasted two days. It was a little stupid not to use the energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state.

Xu Tui could use long-range spiritual resonance. However, the further the distance, the more obvious the mental fluctuations on Xu Tui’s side would be. It would attract the attention of the experts in the temple.

However, it was different through energy teleportation.

As the young Indian man entered the temple and walked around the various cultivators, he would occasionally mention that the cold fruit juice outside was really delicious. He found an opportunity and shook his mind power slightly on the Origin Crystal Powder attached to his body.

An extremely faint spiritual resonance spread out. In an instant, the throat of the person closest to the Indian youth twitched involuntarily. He also wanted to drink iced fruit juice. He really, really wanted to drink it!

A few minutes later, he applied for leave from one of the senior brothers in charge and came out to buy iced fruit juice.

Fifteen minutes later, the senior brother in charge drank a glass of iced fruit juice. He still felt thirsty and wanted to drink more. Originally, he wanted to order others to help him buy it. However, he felt that fresh ones tasted better, so he personally came out to buy iced freshly squeezed juice.

Even though he had just entered the Genetic Evolution Realm, there was no doubt about it under Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance and advanced hypnosis. He stood in front of the fruit juice stall for three minutes before leaving with a fresh glass of iced fruit juice.

Xu Tui realized that the cultivators in the India Sector in the Konarak Sun temple were very low-alert. It could be said that they were not vigilant at all. Of course, this should be related to the environment and status.

This was the core area of the India Sector, the Konarak Sun Temple, and the territory of guru Itavi. Who would dare to cause trouble? It was normal for them to not be vigilant.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue also left the place at the same time. They returned to a temporarily uninhabited house to discuss a plan.

“We can basically confirm that there are three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in the temple. However, no matter when, there will definitely be a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert on duty in the temple,” An Xiaoxue said.

“This means that there must be treasures in the Holy Temple. Could it be that the people from the India Sector have already discovered something related to the fire slips that I am looking for?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“That’s a possibility.”@@novelbin@@

An Xiaoxue’s answer shocked Xu Tui. “Xiaoxue, could this be the reason why I was attacked by Itavi’s disciples when I returned to the moon base through the quantum portal?”

“Are you saying that Itavi might know that you have a red fire slip in your mind?”

“That’s possible. Otherwise, why would they send two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts to attack me? It’s fine if there are two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, but it’s not easy for anyone to place a signal tracker in my combat uniform without a sound in Phobos. Does that mean that I’ve been targeted by a Planetary realm powerhouse like Itavi?” A cold light flashed in Xu Tui’s eyes.

“It’s possible! However, they had not carried out any follow-up actions since the last attack. It might only be a suspicion and speculation. Of course, there’s a probability that he doesn’t have a chance.

“However, no matter what, you have already fallen into the sights of the most famous planetary-level powerhouse in the India Sector, Itavi. You have to be extremely careful in the future,” An Xiaoxue reminded him.

Xu Tui nodded. The probability of being targeted by Itavi was very high. Under hypnosis, he found out that the person in charge of the Konarak Sun Temple was called Solf. He was considered an experienced Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. His identity was very important.

He was the grand-disciple of Itavi, who was personally crowned Itavi. He was also Kitawan’s disciple. Those who could be sent to preside over the Konarak Sun Temple must be the disciples and grand-disciples that Itavi could trust.

The other two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were also the disciples of Itavi. However, their status was not as noble as Solf’s. They did not receive the treatment of a red-crowned scarf personally.

Other than that, there were also 21 Genetic Evolution Realm experts. 20 of them were divided into five groups of four. They were on duty day and night to guard the temple.

Within the temple, the holy temple was a forbidden area. Other than Solf, who was in charge, even the other two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not enter.

Usually, the guards would be on duty at the entrance or the side of the holy temple. The three Indian Genetic Mutants that Xu Tui had interrogated previously had no idea what was inside the holy temple.

Although the holy temple did not isolate mental perception, it was a major crime for anyone to use their mental perception to observe the interior of the holy temple in the Konarak Sun Temple.

At best, he would be whipped, but at worst, he would be executed.

Moreover, every year, Itavi’s eldest disciple, Kitawan, would come to patrol this place two to three times, every time for half a month.

Most importantly, Itavi would come, too. Every one to two years, Guru Itavi would specially return from the extra-terrestrial and say a sermon in the Konarak Sun Temple. Every time he came, Itavi would enter the holy temple and stay there for a long time. The last time he came was last October. He stayed in the Holy Temple for a full month before leaving.

There was also another piece of attention-grabbing news. Nort, another planetary-level powerhouse from the India Sector, had come to the Konarak Sun Temple a month ago. At that time, Nort, a Planetary realm powerhouse, had taken the order from Itavi. After he arrived, he directly entered the Holy Temple for a night and left the next day.

The above information made Xu Tui even more certain that the Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, Itavi, had definitely discovered something. There was a high chance that he had already discovered what Xu Tui was looking for. From the looks of it, he might have found a way to make use of it.

This way, the situation became clearer.

However, Xu Tui had never seen Itavi before he returned to the moon. Itavi had never had the chance to see Xu Tui either. How could he be sure that there was something wrong with Xu Tui?

Researcher!

During the battle on the Mars battlefield, the researchers had once been allowed to enter the second origin energy combat circle. One of the researchers had left an impression on Xu Tui because this person had once observed Xu Tui, but only a little.

Perhaps that person was Itavi’s disciple!

...

“Xiaoxue, there are three Genetic Transmutaters, 21 Genetic Evolvers, and 308 Genetic Mutators. They are all from the Mystery Branch and have powerful combat strength. Moreover, the area of residence was centered around the Holy Temple. As long as one was alerted, everyone would be able to reach the Holy Temple in a minute. The difficulty of causing trouble was too great! If we’re not careful, we might not be able to retreat unscathed,” Xu Tui analyzed.

“Why? Do you want to back down? That’s not your style, is it?”

Xu Tui chuckled when he heard that. “The thing in the Holy Temple might be very important to me. They are also very important to Itavi from the India Sector. If I don’t get it, it’s fine! However, we have to make sure that the enemy doesn’t have it. That would be the most meaningful thing. It can be said to be the most important thing,” Xu Tui said. “Moreover, there are more than 300 Mystery Branch Superbs. There are a lot!”

“It’s just that the difference in strength is too great.” An Xiaoxue frowned.

“If we fight head-on, we’ll be stupid. If we can’t fight head-on, we can use soft tactics,” Xu Tui said.