Chapter 695 - 695 The Best Test Subject (3)

695 The Best Test Subject (3)

“What is this?” Dwayne was horrified.

“I mixed the sanmatosin you traded with me in the water. I put two milligrams of it into this small bottle,” Xu Tui said.

“This is poison!”

“Is what you sold me the real thing?”

!!

“Of course. If it’s not the real deal, how can we let you fall for it? How can we lower your vigilance…” Halfway through his sentence, Dwayne realized that his plan had failed. He did not successfully lower the target’s vigilance.

“Then drink it. You made this sanmatosin, right? You should know that two milligrams won’t kill you.”

Dwayne was a plant-type supernatural being. It was very likely that he had made this in private. After all, plant-type supernatural beings were rather awkward, especially in the extra-terrestrial. Many harsh environments in the extra-terrestrial were extremely unfriendly to plants.

“What do you want to do?” Dwayne was wary. He clearly did not want to drink the poison.

“An experiment. I want you to tell me how much your mind power is affected after you drink it. If you cooperate well, you could survive. Otherwise, your companions will be waiting for you in heaven.” As he spoke, Xu Tui pointed gently. A huge bloody hole suddenly appeared in the middle of one of the Genetic Mutation Realm cultivators’ forehead. He died on the spot.

An Xiaoxue was not afraid of such a scene, but she did not like to watch it. She had already gone to the edge to stand guard for Xu Tui.

Dwayne was shocked by Xu Tui’s sudden killing. Xu Tui secretly activated his spiritual resonance to increase Dwayne’s fear so that Dwayne could cooperate with his experiments. Among everyone, Dwayne, a plant-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm, was the best test subject. “You can’t do that. If you promise…”

Bang! Before Dwayne could bargain, his second companion fell dead on the spot. Xu Tui, who had experienced the intergalactic war, was no longer the same. Killing was a daily occurrence.

“I need a promise from you…”

Bang!

Dwayne’s Extreme Branch Genetic Evolution Realm companion’s forehead was pierced through and he fell to the ground. At the same time, Dwayne’s fear reached its peak under Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance.

“I’ll drink, I’ll drink!” With trembling hands, Dwayne took the water bottle and almost spilled the poisoned water. He drank it all in one gulp!

“Alright, you should know how to observe yourself when you study this. You have to tell me if you have any abnormalities. Don’t lie. Otherwise, there!” Xu Tui pouted at the three corpses on the ground.

The young man guarding the room in Dwayne’s small base was already dumbfounded after witnessing all of this. “Boss, wait, wait. I’ll think of a way to save you. I… I’ll call the police… No! That’s right. I’ll look for Tom. I’ll look for…”

In his panic, he did not notice that a speck of dust had silently floated into the room through the blinds and flew behind his head.

“This is it.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears.

After capturing these people alive just now, Xu Tui realized that they had communication with the outside world. Needless to say, Ah Huang began to intervene and trace the communication location through their communication device.

With such a ready-made item, counter-tracking was not a problem for Ah Huang. Soon, they tracked the other party’s location. He activated the Heart Sword Heart Eye ability and an Origin Crystal powder flew over.

Under normal circumstances, the strength of the people who stayed behind was very ordinary. This was also the reason why Xu Tui did not use his flying sword and only used the Origin Crystal Powder.@@novelbin@@

The young man who stayed behind panicked, not knowing that the danger was approaching. In the forest seven kilometers away, Xu Tui focused his gaze and shook his mind power.

Quantum entangled state energy teleportation!

Bang! A mental awl appeared out of thin air and pierced into the back of the young man’s head without any resistance. The latter instantly fell to the ground.

He achieved an absolute kill.