Chapter 700 - 700 Mission And Massacre (2)

700 Mission and Massacre (2)

“The third matter is related to the disappearance of Silus and the others. Up until now, there has been no news of Silus and the others, nor has anyone tracked them down. There was a high chance that there was something wrong with Xu Tui. When you get back, find an opportunity to capture this student alive,” said Itavi.

“Yes, I’ll remember that.”

“Remember, you can’t force it! You must not expose yourself. You have to be extremely careful! The disappearance of Silus and the others might mean that Xu Tui had Genetic Transmutation Realm or even quasi-planetary realm experts secretly protecting him. You must not be careless,” Itavi emphasized.

“I’ll remember that.”

!!

“Go on.” Itavi waved his hand. Kitawan bowed again before quietly turning to leave.

…

On the Blue Star, torrential rain rained on the Konarak Sun Temple! All the shouts, roars, and screams were hidden by the torrential rain. It was an excellent night for a fight.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue joined forces to kill Solf, the auras of the other two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts instantly locked onto Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. They charged out.

The four Genetic Evolution Realm guards on duty had already pressed the alarm. At the same time, they wanted to attack Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

The two people who were further away jumped up from the tower. They were prepared to quickly approach Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue in the air before attacking. However, along the way, just as they were about to step into the air, they were shocked to discover that something was wrong with their mind power.

It was very scattered! They could not raise it in an instant, let alone focus. It was already too late when they gathered all their attention and gathered their mind power to condense a mental stepping board that could allow them to step on air.

They had already completed their free landing. They groaned as they fell. It was only because their cultivation had already reached the Genetic Evolution Realm and their basic attributes had been completely strengthened twice that they didn’t fall to their deaths on the spot.

Even so, they felt extreme pain and panic even more. It was because of this that gave Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue a lot of time.

The other two guards at the Genetic Evolution Realm standing on the tower closest to them stood on the platform because they were in their combat distance. They attacked An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui from afar.

As soon as they attacked, they naturally discovered that their mind power could not be quickly boosted. So they wasted some time. However, the dosage of the sanmatosin that Xu Tui administered was not fatal. It mainly affected their mind power and weakened their combat strength.

They were also experienced cultivators. No matter what the reason was, they had to focus on increasing their mind power to attack and destroy the enemy.

Flames spewed out. But in less than a second, the flames were extinguished by the pouring rain.

The two Genetic Evolution Realm experts on duty were dumbfounded. They were fire-type supernatural beings. Such stormy weather was naturally extremely disadvantageous to them.

Suddenly, the two of them felt a chill in their hearts. Could it be that the enemy had deliberately done this? After all, more than half of the supernatural beings stationed at the Konarak Sun Temple were fire-type supernatural beings. In such weather, even if their combat strength was not completely crippled, it would be greatly reduced.

The two of them helplessly watched as their strongest purple flame was continuously weakened by the heavy rain. By the time it reached Xu Tui, it had already been weakened by half. Their faces were filled with helplessness.

In the distance, a frost giant that was nearly six meters tall and three meters wide suddenly rose in front of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. Their purple flames blasted over and collided with the frost giant’s body, leaving no mark.

As for the frost giant, it was still growing because of the abundant rain.

The moment Xu Tui used the water puppet doll to create a super powerful frost giant, the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out.

The Genetic Transmutation Realm expert who had just had a mouthful of blood in his mouth crawled up in pain and anger. He saw a flying sword flying over. He did not dare to be careless. A huge fire shield, mind power domain, and mind power defense were activated at the same time.

The moment he pushed it out, he gently pointed with his finger. It instantly turned into a huge torch of fuel and pointed at the flying sword.

Bang!

The flame power on his finger suddenly dissipated.

Mental Vibrating Whip!

It turned into a meaty finger that was pointed at the flying sword. The Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was shocked. Wasn’t there something wrong with his brain if he fought with a flying sword with his finger? He quickly retracted his finger and strengthened his defense with all his might. He should be able to block this flying sword!@@novelbin@@

However, this flying sword turned into a small mountain without any warning.

A small earth-yellow mountain suddenly materialized from the flying sword. With the inertia brought about by the flying sword’s high speed, it ruthlessly struck the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

Mountain Formula Flying Sword!

Boom! Boom!

He was sent flying by the impact. One of the reinforced concrete walls collapsed. The Genetic Transmutation Realm expert’s heavy defenses were shattered on the spot.

Originally, it could not be broken. However, the delay and fragmentation of his mind power caused his overall combat strength to decrease by more than 20 to 30%. Even his replenishment of defense was not in time.

He suddenly understood. Poison! He might have been poisoned! The moment blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth, he threw out a red Origin Crystal that was engraved with patterns without hesitation.

In an instant, a large red ball enveloped him.